



radio:aircheck:northeastairchecks.com







 a





facebook | contribute
| feedback
archives | links | email
rick 






listener
support 2010:  we are finally updating, after all this time. 
in this update, travel to ct, ny, and even pa.  i'm also
experimenting with a facebook page.  if you are a new listener,
know that you can scroll  f-a-r  d-o-w-n this page to
find hundreds of airchecks that are available and have posted over the
years.  you can also  email me
to find out how you can contribute audio, or provide comments or questions about this archive.  thanks for
listening! 





new features




buzz brindle wnbc new york 1977.  (10:09) even though brindle 
ended up as assistant pd to bob pittman, he was saying goodbye to new 
york on the aircheck from 8/29/77.  on 9/1/77, pittman took over as pd 
with a whole new cast, including replacing don imus with ellie dylan, 
and also hiring allen beebe, johnny dark and lee masters.  wnbc was 
obviously trying very hard to sound as boring as possible in this 
aircheck, playing several slow songs in row - probably to contrast the 
coming change to full out top 40.  thanks to matt craig of 
bigappleairchecks.com for this one. 




bob steele wtic hartford, ct 1991. (54:26) this great sounding 
aircheck of wtic was recorded 9/30/91.  at the time, steele was retiring
 from his daily monday-saturday programs.  he remained on saturdays 
weekly for many years, and eventually went to once monthly.  steele died
 in december 2002, and has been honored on this page.  my thanks to rich
 bosse, who prides himself in the audio quality of his airchecks. 
download this aircheck as an mp3 file by right clicking here.




geoff fox wpen phildelphia 1978.  (12:40) for the last 25+ years, 
fox has been meteorologist at wtnh-tv new haven, but back in the late 
70's, he was jocking at wpen in philadelphia.  wpen was a significant 
force in those days, known as great sounding adult contemporary 
station.  fox doesn't disappoint as a jock (and for that matter as a 
meteorologist either!)  aircheck was contributed by steve west. download this aircheck as an mp3 file by right clicking here.




famous amos wcbs-fm new york 2008. (8:44) the famous one counts 
down the top party songs of all time on new years eve 2008-2009.  it's 
got some pretty cool in-jokes for radio folks (why-mca; "9") and most of
 all, it rocks!  thanks to contributor emeritus den jackson for this 
example of radio that can still sound good. download this aircheck as an
 mp3 file by right clicking here.




bud ballou wmex boston 1969. (15:14) ballou was a legend in 
syracuse, buffalo and boston, and might be best known for his work on 
boston's wvbf.  ballou died in 1977, at age 34.  contributed by mark 
connelly from his collection. download this aircheck as an mp3 file by 
right clicking here.




jim schultz wine danbury ct 1976. (12:44) as a student at suny 
new paltz ny, i got a real kick out of listening to wine at 95.1fm.  
they were a great sounding tightly formatted ac station.  they 
simulcasted with their am, which was actually 940, licensed to 
brookfield, ct.  for the last 30+ years, the station has been known as 
album rock "i-95" with the calls wrki.  my thanks for jim for this neat 
memory of my college days.  download this aircheck as an mp3 file by 
right clicking here.




cousin' bruce morrow wabc new york 1967.  (21:00)  this brucie 
aircheck was to be sent to battling troops in vietnam, and a great show 
it was with morrow at the top of his game.  gotta love the way he says 
"after" and goes into that occasional falsetto for which he was well 
known. it's a classic, which all the spots left in.  contributed by mark
 connelly from his collection. download this aircheck as an mp3 file by 
right clicking here.




phil christy wcop boston 1961.  sometimes it's just so 
interesting to hear radio from 50 years ago - this one is no exception. 
 it's easy to catch the reverb, jingles and staging - but it always 
seemed that moments where you'd hear two songs in a row were rare.  the 
et's for the spots were seriously scratchy, too.  but, it's the "gay, 
gay phil christy show" and it's obvious christy has a pleasantly dry 
sense of humor. it's also great to hear a teletype behind the newcast.  
 donated to us by mark connelly.  download this aircheck as an mp3 file 
by right clicking here.




joey reynolds wkbw buffalo 1964. (10:10) corporate downsizing 
took reynolds off the am airwaves at wor in new york in 2010.  many 
would be surprised by this date of this aircheck - and yes, it's the 
same guy.  reynolds was an early influence on my interest in radio.  i 
listened to him nights on 'kb - sounding a lot like this aircheck, 
fading in and out a bit, but generally strong at my house in waterford, 
ny.  you never knew what to expect from him - on this aircheck he brakes
 into an impression of jack benny, and apologizes for remarks he made 
about the beatles.  for me, moments like those made him a joy to listen 
to.  reynolds first radio job was in 1960.  he's one of the greats.  
thanks to mark connelly for bringing me back to my early teen years with
 this one.  download this aircheck as an mp3 file by right clicking here.




boston radio jingles 1955-1974 (part 1: 48:04) (part 2: 47:02)  
here is just about every boston stations jingle you can remember (or not
 remember.)  wbz, whdh, and wmex are featured in the first part.  the 
second part features more 'bz, wrko-fm, wmex and wror.  my favorites are
 in part 2... "wmex plays hit number 10,9,8,7,6,5,4,3,2,1-1-1-1..." - 
very cool!  contributor mark connelly really rings the bell with this 
one!  download part 1 as an mp3 file by right clicking here.  download part 2 as an mp3 file by right clicking here.




sky mcdougall wtry albany ny 1981 & wfea manchester nh.
throughout the years, mcdougall used several names.  he was
"mcdougall in the morning" at wtry from 1980-85, and sky stewart at
wfea.  he's been around the block and then some... check out his
web site at http://www.skymcdougall.com.  interestingly, at wfea, sky replaced the legendary johnny tripp in the night spot.  download the wtry aircheck as an mp3 file by right clicking here.  download the wfea aircheck as an mp3 file by right clicking here.




jim nettleton wcau-fm philadelphia... early-mid 1970's.
 (3:57) we love getting airchecks from the great state of pa!
 jim nettleton's body of work includes gigs at wfil and wabc - and
while at wabc, he voice tracked at wcau-fm.  besides nettleton who
is always sounds professional and smooth, this station was tight.
 thanks to steve west for this glimpse back to how an oldies
station sounded in the 1970's.  listen to a dial up version of
this aircheck here.  download this aircheck as an mp3 file by right clicking here.




recurrents




jim kaye"the big tuna" waqy springfield ma halloween special 1980.
(23:00) jim's halloween shows were always a lot of fun, and this one is
no exception.  it features lots of sound effects and novelty
records - in other words, it differed from that average, everyday
format that wacky 102 did!  jim would arrive at the station with
tons of records and carts he'd use for music and sound for the show.
 it's a scary good time, and a donation from jim kaye
himself.  you can still hear jim, along with a whole bunch of
radio folks doing it the old fashioned way - using carts, cd's and
(gasp) records - on 5150fm.com.  download
this aircheck as an mp3 file by right clicking here.




charles laquidara wbcn boston 1970.
(16:11) laquidara was a huge force in boston radio, particularly in the
1980's-1990's.  from 1972-1996 he did mornings - "the big
mattress" on 'bcn, then took the program over to wzlx for another four
years before retiring to maui in 2000.  laquidara still has a
website and blog at http://www.bigmattress.com/weblog/.
 but in 1970, wbcn was free form progressive radio, and
laquidara's shifts included sound effects and novelty tunes.  my
thanks to mark connelly for
this, and for the many contributions he has made. download
this aircheck as an mp3 file by right clicking here. 




glen stevens waqy springfield, ma 1980.
(20:11) glen did overnights, and then middays at waqy during the "wacky
1-oh-2" days of the station, before they went aor (now classic rock).
 glen had a smooth and youthful delivery that was perfect for a
station like waqy, and he still sounds the same on 5150fm.com where you
check out his wacky 102 reenactment twice weekly.
 thanks to glen stevens for this great aircheck that brought back
lots of memories.  listen to a dial up version of this aircheck here.  download this aircheck as an mp3 file by right clicking here.




joe martelle wror boston 1981.
 (13:27)  here's more martelle!  joe rockee with the
oldies on the old wror, and as evidenced in this aircheck, makes special connections with listeners
calling in.  as usual, he's smooth and personable... a real "radio
pro" - which happens to be the name of joe's just released book.
 you can check out information on the book by clicking to
      www.bearmanormedia.com.  buddy rich bosse recorded this 100 miles away from boston, with his huge radio shack antenna!  thanks rich!  download this file as an mp3 by right clicking here.




jim kaye waqy springfield ma 1979. (10:31)
here's a great gift for those nostalgic for the days when waqy was top
40.  jim was the night star of "wacky 102 fm" - upbeat, personable
- just a lot of fun to listen to.  thanks to waqy's former staffer
      glen stevens for this aircheck he pulled off the waqy skimmer machine!  download this file as an mp3 by right clicking here.




bill
pope signs on wafs amsterdam ny 1961.  pope was well known in albany ny
radio market in the 1950's as an announcer at waby, where he played
rock and roll records.  he left waby to manage a brand new station wafs
in amsterdam, ny, where he spent much of the rest of his life.  (the
station was later wcss.)  you can read a lot more about pope on bob cudmore's web site. 
pope passed in 2002.  you'll hear that he was a professional
broadcaster and a showman.  thanks to former wcss staffer lloyd smith for this historic piece of tape.  download this file as an mp3 by right clicking here.




larry pecque waby albany ny 1961. 
(18:15)  i was only 9 years old at the time of the recording of this
aircheck, and i sure wished i had listened to waby!  the program
director at the time was terrell metheny, who had masterfully put
together the tight format and station imaging.  they were a great
station for 250 watts out of albany. you'll get to hear jingles, a full
5 minute newcast, and production - with a number of spots being done by
chris martin, who still graces the airwaves at the current waby
mechanicsville ny at 1160am. my thanks again to lloyd smith for this
great snapshot of great early sixties radio. 




boston bill wccc hartford, ct 1973. (48:19) 
here's an idea from the promotion department at (then)  top 40 wccc -
jock locks himself in the studio, plays the same record over and over
and states he won't leave the studio until he's promised a full time
job.  it's one of those stunts that is supposed to get the public
talking.  i have no idea whether this worked for wccc - but the next i
knew, wccc was aor.  toward the end of this aircheck then program
director rusty potz comes in and negotiates with bill. the aircheck
just leaves me - speechless!  it's another great gift from contributor rich bosse - thanks rich!




wolfman jack wbz boston 1973. (28:56)
the wolfman made an appearance at wbz's grease weekend in '73, and he
pulled out the stops on this great aircheck - supplied by contributor
bob swenson.  swenson got to work with and hang out with the wolfman
during his career in radio.  i wished i could have been like richard
dreyfus in american graffiti - drive out to the transmitter site and
find the wolfman on the board. thanks bob!




ron o'brien wogl philadelphia 2005.
(11:33) another huge radio loss - first jack armstrong and now big
ron.  i
just happened to download this from somewhere a couple of
years ago.  i discussed it with a couple of radio friends, because
it
was just so great to hear one of my favorite jocks from the 1970's,
still sounding good. ron spent a lot of time floating around the us,
and had been in philly for the last several years.  in the
northeast, he did time at wrko boston and wxlo nyc.  there's now a
lot written everywhere about big
ron and his enthusiasm and technical skill - consider this more
evidence of his talent. 




arnie ginsberg wbos 1958. (24:55)
i was surprised as anyone to find another recording of arnie ginsberg
from the 50's - but here it is!  it's particularly interesting because
the show was obviously pre-recorded, and for use two nights in a row. 
kinda like voice tracking, isn't it?  anyway it's another stunner from
contributor george allen... thanks again george!




lloyd smith on weee albany ny 1968. (13:31)  i am again amazed that audio people have.  this aircheck of amsterdam ny radio legend lloyd smith from the long gone weee rensselaer  ny at 1300kc.  at the time, 1300  in albany was a 5000 watt country formatted  daytimer. 




steve
warren wavz new haven ct 1973.
(7:32) yep, here's more of the famous  "new wavz"
(like  "waves")  a
blast from a great station during the era when warren was the
program director. steven himself believes this composite is from
december 1973.  it's a
great
contribution from andy bologovsky.  thanks andy!




allen
beebe wnbc new york 1985. (29:54) 
an aircheck from the waning music days at 'nbc, with lots of music and
beebe enjoying himself. beebe was one of the few jocks who was there
from the beginnings of the pittman format until the dales parsons'
regime.  wnbc left the air on am in 1988.  thanks
again to matt seinberg
of big apple airchecks for this great contribution!




 "pile
of feet" and "eye of the tiger" on wavm maynard ma. 
(7:24)  wavm is completely student run radio and
television station situated in maynard high school in the suburbs of
boston massachusetts. you'll hear the end of the show "pile of feet"
and the beginning of "eye of the tiger"  contributor garrett wollman writes: 
"this was recorded monday evening (2008-01-18); i was sitting there in
the parking lot for half an hour waiting for a legal id, until i
finally gave up and called the request line to ask for one... this
could well be the only station these kids will ever be on." to
me, this aircheck reminds me of my own high school days, and my own
pirate station i had with my cousins and friends.  some things
really don't change!  contributor wollman operates the boston
radio email list and corresponding website, www.bostonradio.org
where you'll find all kinds of information and airchecks about radio in
new england.  thanks much, garrett!  





 mike
hotaling wrck utica ny 1985. (3:23)
mike worked at wtry, wqbk, wxcr and wfly in the
albany market and at waqy in springfield, ma as well. wrck was
a top 40 sounding aor station in the utica market that had immense
ratings in the 70's and 80's. thanks to mike for his
contribution! 




 ken
gilbert wdrc-fm hartford 1982. (6:06) 
i don't know about you but i don't know when 'drc-fm sounded like
this... top 40... and it's obvious that the tape is not one contiguous
period of time, but still this is a great aircheck of ken on drc-fm
before they were an oldies station.  thanks to ken gilbert for
this aircheck/audition tape/whatever! 




 joe
martelle w/cousin' brucie wror boston 198?. (27:03)
martelle was the king of all things oldies during the 1980's and was a
star of boston morning radio on wror, along with late andy
moes.  but on this show, joe lets bruce morrow take the reigns
for a great show dedicated to the beatles.  the aircheck was
contributed by bob swenson,
who has been a great supporter and contributor to this site over the
years. 




 allan
camp wdrc-fm hartford, ct 1980. (3:43) back when
'drc-fm was marketing themselves as "big d 103" camp was a regualr on
both am & fm.  now, he's program director and morning
guy at wrch, also in hartford.  camp's style is easygoing,
smooth, and intelligent - perfect for connecticut.  allan camp
himself contributed this aircheck, and is another great supporter and
contributor. 




 arnie
ginsberg wbos boston 1956. (5:34) holy
smokes!  it the woo-woo doing an early "oldies" show on wbos,
before he segued over to wmex!  it's more subdued than his
high energy act on wmex, but definitely worth its weight in historical
value.  great doo-wop tunes too!  an historical
contribution from george
allen,
and we thank you! 




 chris
randell wptr albany ny 1969. (8:31) "topher"
randell started his radio career in providence, moved on to wptr to do
nights.  he left wptr to go to wknr in detroit. 
randell passed in 2006 from cancer.  thanks to dale
linden for this great
contribution!  




 allen
b. shaw jr. wptr albany ny 1966. (24:35) 
an outstanding piece of tape - there's lots of reason to like
it.  tons of great wptr jingles, production, commercials and
newscasts all left in, and all that!  shaw went on to work for
abc and developed wabc-fm as a an automated progressive rock station.
you can catch a great picture of allen on our blog. 
there's more of allen coming up in the future as well.  we
thank allen shaw for
this great aircheck! 





gary
lapierre wbz boston "the day of the
beatles" (19:17) september 12, 1964 was the day the
beatles came to boston, and this special, starring young newsman gary
lapierre is a radio classic.  there excerpts of lapierre's
questions in the press conference.  it also features bob
kennedy, and produced by ed lowe and written and narrated by
lapierre.  my greatest thanks to bob
swenson for this
piece of radio history! 





 wabc-fm
"love" format, 1969.  (15:59) here's more
"love" from the abc o+o automated progresive rock format. 
this aircheck, from late in 1969 seems to indicate that the format
might have tightened up a little bit (less poetry, more music) but does
include an interview with roger mcguinn of the byrds where he comments
on doing concerts in south africa.  the music is classic,
commercial sounding progressive rock.  the contribution came
from allen shaw,
who pioneered the format.  thanks again, allen! 




 wbz grease weekend 1973. 
wbz did it up right in '73 with a grease weekend that incorporated
their current roster of air talent with past boston radio greats and
greats from outside of boston.  the did it live from paragon
park nantasket beach that really added a lot to the excitement and
nostalgia of the weekend.  here's three cuts of the that
weekend effort.  the first is former
wmex good guy arnie "woo-woo" ginsberg with all the bells and
whistles! (15:50)  secondly, then wbz
personality larry justice obviously enjoying himself
"breaking format" (28:31).   finally, listen as robert
w. morgan comes in from california for a shift
(28:38).  the wbz grease weekend in '73 was a real treat...
and a testament to the way radio stations were run by big operators
like westinghouse in those
days.      




 dan ingram wabc new york. 
here's two great airchecks of big dan from the 1960's.  the
first is from july 1967 - it's about 1 1/2 hours scoped to a
little more than an hour, so you'll hear the #1 song "windy"
twice!  all the spots and jingles are left in for your further
amusement - ingram talks through a lot of the spots and jingles. he
even does a git with the "hern".  check it out, it is
hilarious!  second
big dan offering is extra special from 1969 recorded off the
board at wabc, so you get to hear ingram with no processing or
reverb.  it's cool!  we thank our two contributors
for these airchecks - jim
kaye for the '67, and allen
b. shaw for the 1969.  big thanks to
you both! 




 larry glick wbz boston 1975. 
we sure are proud to present these three tracks of glick
here.  cut
one (35:08) features glick interviewing captain
frank mondas, they guy who's character was portrayed by robert shaw in
the movie "jaws".  cut
two (22:18) is glick just taking calls in the
entertaining way glick did. cut
three (32:14) is more of glick being glick. it's
all a kind of talk radio that is rarely heard anymore.  it was
vastly popular. the quality is sometimes a little distorted, but it's
choice glick.  contributed by
bob swenson - thanks bob! 




 "imus
in the morning" comedy bits 1982. (8:22) for over
30 years, imus was mornings on 660 am in new york. here's a few bits
that ran regularly on the program back when imus hasd returned to wnbc
after being fired in 1978 and returning in 1980. they are performed by
longstanding program contributor larry kenney, and (probably) written
by sidekick charles mccord.  a great contribution from ed somma. 
thanks, ed! 




 wabc-fm
"love" format 1969. (29:39)  here's about
90 minutes of scoped audio from this abc pioneered automated
progressive rock format.  the format was designed to run on
the old schafer 900 series automation systems widely used for beautiful
music stations.  the format ran for a couple of years on the
abc owned fm stations.  this contribution came from allen
shaw, who designed and implemented the format for abc after working as
assistant pd at wcfl chicago and as night jock "allen b. shaw jr." at
wptr albany. i'd invite you to listen and make your own conclusions,
but no matter what, the love format contributed to jump starting the
revolution in fm rock radio.  my thanks to allen shaw for this
fascinating contribution.    




 fred
b. cole whdh boston 1962. (11:28) here's middle of
the road early 60's radio at it's best!  a decidedly upbeat
mr. cole did middays at whdh during those years.  the aircheck
features lots of jingles and commercials that will give you a feeling
for listening to the station.  cole makes a great comment on
the building of the prudential center, as well.  the end of
the aircheck features a promo performed, and probably written by the
beloved jess cain.  may of 2007 marks the installation of mr.
cole into the hall of fame for
boston and massachusetts radio and television- and it's no wonder, he
sounds great on this aircheck.  my thanks to 
  bob swenson  for this great aircheck!
 




 dick
robinson wrcq new britian, ct 1979. (45:29)
robinson is certainly a legend in connecticut, best known for
his years during the 60's at wdrc, and later as founder and
president of the connecticut school of broadcasting. 
during the 70's, he owned wrch and wrcq - so naturally he got to do his
own show on oldies leaning 91q.  he now syndicates a weekly
program "american standards by the sea". 
this aircheck is of robinson's return to the air. 
it's another tape recovered by  rich bosse
- our thanks rich! 




 wdrc
hartford 50th anniversary 1972. (7:14) well put
together by charlie parker and the crew at wdrc, this is a nice edit of
old time radio, music programs, jingles and airchecks.  the
doolittle radio corporation signed on wpaj, the direct decendent of
wdrc on in 1922 in new haven, ct.  ed brouder's web site
www.wdrcobg.com is an excellent site that can tell you all about
wdrc!  thanks to steve
tefft for this great contribution!





 jim
mendelson wsub groton, ct 1979. (10:26) before they
were chr operation wqgn, they were wsub (which lives on at
980am.)  mendelson has that sound of a jock who
wdrc.  our supplier for this old tape was rich bosse
- our thanks rich! 




 ken
carter wcop boston dance party 1961. (10:05)
the quality of this aircheck in terms of performance quality and audio
fidelity is exceptional, and i'll bet you'll enjoy this live broadcast
from the victory road armory in dorchester, ma.  what a way to
start off a dance party... with  the flares "foot stompin'! my
sources tell me that ken carter is the father of ken carberry of
boston's chart productions and involved in family ownership pf
worcester's wcrn.  as a matter of fact, carberry's company has
the name of "carter broadcasting" and the "carter radio
network".  from my personal collection. 




 happy
birthday radio wcvb-tv boston 2007. 
(26:37)  (note: video aircheck!) the
boston radio community were all buzzing about this edition of the
outstanding "chronicle" nightly series on boston's channel 5. 
chronicle is the highly regarded nightly program locally produced
at channel 5 that puts its spotlight on just about
anything.  (channel 5 could be running "wheel of fortune",
"jeopardy" or some other syndicated fare, but instead offers local
production each weekday evening at 7:30.)  this short
documentary is jam packed with features about not only wbz, but
connecticut's wtic and watr, new hampshire's wfea (thanks to the man
from mars ed brouder), vermont's wdev and lots more!  it
features northeast radio watch's scott fybush, emerson college's donna
halper, and a host of others.  it's expertly put together by
the folks at wcvb, with a wealth of photos, video, and
airchecks.  it's my hope the folks at channel 5 will
be understanding of the importance of the posting of this wonderful
material.  you'll need a high speed internet connection to
watch this video, and it will only be posted until i run out of
bandwidth! 




 johnny
walker wavz new haven ct 1975. (28:49) here's
more of wavz during their unmistakable heyday of the mid seventies,
when john long was pd.  this aircheck is of pretty good
quality, and includes all the commercials left in. 
formatically, wavz was about as tight as any station... and often
tighter than the new york and boston powerhouse top 40
operations.  listen to how they go in stopsets... with just
the call letters and a brief promo.  out of stopsets with
shotgun jingles.  no dead air... just forward
momentum.  compressed, energized audio quality.  this
great gift from andy
bologovsky is very much appreciated! 




 mel
miller on wror's rock and roll reunion, 1985. 
(25:57) mel was a mainstay at wmex through out the 1960's, and he was
brought back to the air in '85 by then wror pd gary
berkowitz.  he plays some 50's favorites, some old jingles and
sure is great to hear again - but the highlight is at the end of the
aircheck, when he plays a clip of jerry williams throwing republican
leader jack boulsworth (which i'm sure is spelled wrong... feel free to
correct me) out of the studio on the air.  all in all, this is
great radio.  thanks to bob swenson
for the tape! 




 richie
norris wfny gloversville ny 2004. (4:11) you
gotta love this aircheck - richie doing a high energy music format on a
little am in sleepy gloversville.  (by the way... the calls
really are wfny... wfny is of course in nyc!  thank richie
norris for the audio. 




 wildman
steve gallon wnab bridgeport ct 1961. (3:29)
radio archivist and station owner dennis jackson sent this great gift
to us, and says "recorded at home in westport
by clif mills (now engineer at cox radio milford)  and
preserved by ripping to 33 1/3 transcription at the un recording studio
(state of the art for audio archiving the time) by mike fast, formerly
of the un staff, wins, wmca, also wicc and wtic ce and now at wcbm/webb
in baltimore. 
normally, wnab was buried at night 15 miles away in westport,
but there was nothing under them on this auroral night. 
nighttime on wnab was leased to steve gallon, aka "wildman steve," who
went on to program wild in boston
and other ventures.  this is steve introing a stepin fetchit
comedy bit and telling a story after. steve rode to the station on his
harley, and according to mike actually brought it up the stairs to the
lobby because the wnab studios were in an unsafe part of
town!       the
tower was in beardsey park, and to get there, you drove past the red
parrot inn.      the patch
panel at the xmtr site had positions labeled "red parrot inn": and "red
parrot out"!  it was at wnab that i first saw the mesmerizing
flash of mercury vapor rectifiers in time with modulation.  it
was a great station!"  thanks to dennis
jackson for
another great contribution to northeaastairchecks.com! 




 wnbc
new york composite 1980.  (25:00)
there's a lot of great stuff to hear on this aircheck, but i'll just
list a few notables; (1) the first 14 minutes or so  is imus -
including bits that were a part of his show - geraldo santana 
banana, moby worm, billy sol hargis and imus in washington
-  plus veteran newsman/sidekick charles mccord (who probably
wrote most of the material).  it's quite interesting to hear
the way imus sounded then. there's also johnny dark, allen "i am"
beebe, frank reed, michael sarzinski, and scott bingham.  it's
a gem, and a great contribution from matt seinberg, who runs the great and famous big apple airchecks
website.  matt trades airchecks from all across the world with
a concentration on the new york area.  we sincerely thank matt
for this great contribution! 




 fenway
wmex boston 1962. (8:08) "fenway" was a
commonly used "house name" by various wmex staff, although this one is 
not  jack gale as is featured on this website far down the
page. a couple of listeners tell me this guys name is ed hider
and that he was also at wcop.  as for this aircheck, it's
brief but great with a couple of bits and lots of early sixties
jingles. thanks to contributor charles
pyne for this digitized wmex!





 jerry
williams wmex boston 1960. (3:59) 
jerry was best known as the "dean of talk radio" and was certainly a
pioneer of the medium.  there's an excellent website at jerrywilliams.org you can check out for his
history and great audio clips... the site serves williams
well.  i like this clip because it is from his early stint at
wmex, which was top 40 (mostly) at the time but featured williams
and/or steve fredericks during late nights.  charles pyne
also contributed this gem, and we thank him for his
generosity.  jerry makes his point in this clip... a point
that still holds true all these years later! 





 jack
diamond wspr springfield ma 1963. (16:05)
i was informed by the contributor that jack diamond later became known
as sandy beach of wkbw, wdrc and many other stations... and beach is
still on the air in buffalo afternoons on wben.  this aircheck
is particularly interesting in that it is a remote - a live broadcast
from the eastern states exposition (the state fair for the new england
states). the aircheck features tons of jingles, station
promotions, mentions of the other "big r" jocks (dick robinson is
mentioned.) an interview with tennessee ernie ford (who had a
tv show on daily in those days) is featured in a major portion of the
aircheck. it's outstanding and fun to listen to,
and a great gift from rich
bosse, thanks rich!





 neil
young wrcq hartford, ct 1975. (3:01) 
there was on oldies station in hartford before wdrc-fm, believe it or
not... and was wrcq - "91q" at 910am.  they did have some
success up against wdrc.  neil worked afternoon drive at the
station, and featured other connecticut radio personalities, including
kent clark (from wdrc) and dale denver (now better known as mike adams
of boston's weei.)  the music was a mix of some
currents and oldies, which was typical of the format in those
days.  neil
young himself was kind enough to provide
this tape, which he used as an audition tape from those days. 
thanks neil! 




 wkip
- the good life story. 
(6:51)  from 1969, this is a great sales demo for
wkip narrated by then program director tom shovan. 
contributor bill draper writes:  "it's called "the good life
story" sales booster and was produced and voiced by the late tom shovan
who, as i'm sure you know, was air-personality and pd back in those
days. he used to do one shift on  'kip as tom shovan and
another on wkip-fm (now wspk) as bill starr. the program runs almost 7
minutes, all on one side of a 45. the flip side was a sampler of wkip
music."  many thanks to bill draper
for this shovan-istic remembrance! 





wbz
boston covers the jfk assassination 1963. 
(10:07) here's some quick clips of wbz's coverage of the day after the
assassination.  bob lape is featured as a reporter, the other
announcer is not identified.  amongst the announcements were:
plans for jfk's burial,  government office closings, and
information on evidence of lee harvey oswald. contributed by charles pyne...
thanks charlie! 






long
john nebel with jean dixon, wnbc new york 1963. 
(5:34) nebel was a long standing overnight of new york radio from the
1950's through the 1970's.  he was first at wor, then wnbc,
wmca and the mutual network. nebel was fascinated by all things
paranormal.  dixon was best known for allegedly predicting the
assassination of president john f. kennedy. in the may 13 1956, issue
of parade magazine she wrote that the 1960 presidential election would
be "dominated by labor and won by a democrat" who would then go on to
"[b]e assassinated or die in office though not necessarily in his first
term."  this clip is of dixon talking about her
prediction.  for you trivia buffs, nebels' replacement on
mutual was larry king.  contributed by charles
pyne. 





 joe
martelle wror boston 1981. (56:35)  joe was a very well
known and loved morning voice on wror and wbmx during the 80's and
90's.  he also did a saturday night oldies show on wror, that
was staple on their schedule for years.  joe also shared with
me  his history at wror:  "gary berko hired
me at the original ror, as a 'fill in/weekender' in the summer of 79. i
took over the 7pm to midnight shift in october of that year and moved
into am-drive in early 80. (frank kingston smith's old
slot --really big shoes to fill).i was solo until 83, when my
former traffic guy, andy moes joined me in december of 83...andy and i
were together for almost ten years--lots of fun and exciting times!! i
went solo again, when andy left to do mornings solo at weei-am in
93...i stayed at mix-98.5 until nov. 95---when i was
hospitalized with emergency lung surgery. i was at ror (later
mix-98.5) for a total of 16 years."  this
      aircheck is
great in that you get a real feeling for joe's personality
and his gentleness with his listeners.  three entire
hours telescoped!  the contributor and producer of this aircheck is rich bosse, who
originally recorded it in windsor, ct (near hartford) on reel to reel
and telescoped it for the website as well.  thanks much for
this great aircheck,
rich! (dial-up users: click here
to listen to the dial up version.) (download this aircheck as an mp3 by right
clicking here.
tech notes: 128 kbps
44 khz 54 mb mp3
file.) 




 ron
foster wavz new haven, ct 1973. (12:00)
this aircheck is
right from the days everybody loved wavz... the years that john long
was the pd.  wavz was a high energy top 40 on the am dial at
1300. and what a station they were!  the aircheck features a lot (i
mean a lot) of movie spots, foster's ultra- smooth delivery, and you'll
even here some of charlie steiner (yup, he was there then!)  i
remember hearing wavz middays
during these days, and being fascinated by the number of oldies the
station played in this daypart. 
john long really knew what he was doing.  from the great aircheck collection andy bologovsky,
who sits in the air-chair himself at wpkn bridgeport, ct doing an
oldies show. thanks andy... and there's more wavz and stuff from andy
to come! 




 wbz
boston 65th anniversary clips, september 19, 1986. 
wbz is such a new england institution, and this celebration that took
place 20 years ago was really something special.  i
really wish i had the entire day to reproduce for you here, but
instead, i just have clips.  it was without a doubt, a day for
radio people and regular listeners to look back at the
station's history.  if nothing else, it's amazing to hear
recent voices - anthony silva, gil santos, and gary lapierre - and who
is gone - streeter stuart, carl desuze, dave maynard, and larry
glick.  each segment has most commercials scoped out, but
where available, i left in great many segments of remembrances
by wbz staff, and jingles and promos, past and present. segment
one (17:39) is a clip of dave maynard's
show.  the highlight is probably description of a hurricane in
1954 that took down the the wbz tower and part of the building and cars
in the parking lot.  the tower fell right across soldier's
field road.  no one was seriously injured.  the
memory was done by streeter stewart. segment
two (14:12) is larry glick.  in '86,
glick did an afternoon show from 1-5pm. even from this short
clip, you hear how engaging and entertaining he was. he
comments through commercials at times.  there's also a joe
greene traffic report. segment
three (10:24) is back to dave
maynard. gary lapierre offers his history with the
station, dating back to the early 60's, and gil santos reports
on the ill fated 1986 red sox.   segment
four another dave maynard segment, it features
remembrances of the previously mentioned hurricane. 
evening talker peter meade calls in. you'll hear about the pie
throwing, and eliot abrams weather crew singing happy
birthday. segment five is
currently broken...   i'm working on fixing this - of
peter meade. (18:17) he well describes a wbz music survey from
1958, and features listener remembrances.  segment six (25:50)
features larry glick, and a phone call from "ted".  (you'll
figure it out.)  wait until you hear about the pie
throwing!  segment
seven (33:19) features david brudnoy
interviewing guy manella, famous host of "calling all sports"
on 'bz.  segment eight 
(15:39) features david brudnoy with dick pace.  the old days,
with carl desuze and the old yankee network, and post ww2
remembrances.  listen, remember and enjoy
all these great segments.  my thanks to peter kingman
for supplying all this audio - some of which is poor in quality, but
rich in content. i wonder if wbz will do anything for their
85th birthday? 




 charles
laquidara and hawk wbcn boston 1971.
(22:38)  here's a boston radio legend, with many years at
wbcn, and several years at wzlx. laquidara's "the big mattress" was the
classic morning show.  but in the early seventies, laquidara
was not as well established.  the aircheck is unfortunately
distorted and was somehow recorded with annoying tape echo, but it
doesn't detract from any of it... including the huge variety of music
played (this is not classic rock, kids!) and the great commercials (it
starts off with a spot stating "...more of what you've been asking
for... more uriah heep!) on this aircheck.  it's another far
out offering from john
mcdermott, whom we sincerely thank.





 peter
wolf wbcn boston 1968. (15:27)  if
you've never heard free form 1960's radio, this is probably about as
good as it gets!  peter wolf, by the way is the same peter
wolf that was lead singer with the j. geils band, and had several hits
in the 1980's (remember "centerfold"?)  the music is mostly
blues and oldies and you'll also hear a five minute interview snip of
elvis presley, multiple records and  sound effects mixed
together and put together with the aim of enhancing whatever drug
experience listeners might be enjoying.  from the
collection of john mcdermott,
thanks for the head trip john... i'm not sure i'll ever be the same!





 steven
segal wbcn boston 1969. (13:12) here's a great
an rare aircheck of progressive rock 1960's radio. 
it was the debut of the beatles album "get
back" (which of course later became "let it be".) and wbcn had
a copy... a bootleg, or a tape, or something... and was premiering it
on the air. here's why it's neat... first of all, the jock,
intelligent, music minded, informal and casual (he barely says the call
letters, and not once says his name), dead air, technical problems, and
as a plus, comedic drop ins and novelty records. 
it's a great treat from eric hul...
thanks eric! 




 boom
boom brannigan with joe condon wyjb albany 2006.(25:37)
this salute to brannigan seemingly came up unexpectently, and condon
himself seemed to organize it - somehow.  you'll hear "the
boomer' himself for part of it... along with interviews of herb oscar
anderson, rick snyder (who sounds the same as he did in the 1960's),
and of all people, dan ingram.  surprisingly, this tribute
featured no airchecks of brannigan. condon is a bit of an albany radio
legend himself, starting at waby in the early sixties during high
school and then at wtry and a long career at wrow.  i remember
listening to the boomer doing nights on wptr.  there's a lot
of testimonials, and the boomer flings the corn.  and he
sounds, well, old.  still, it is rather sad to think
that there may never be another "boomer". 





 dick
durante wcoz boston 1984. (8:05)
someone could probably provide more accurate history than me,
but it sure sounds like this aircheck was made shortly before
94.5 became wzou.  wcoz at the end was a rather laid back
pleasant sounding ac station - a sure change from the incredible crash
- and burn - of the john sebastian days.  a sure fire
winner from  kevin white...
thanks again kevin! 




 rick
kelly whmp-fm northampton ma 1993. (5:30)
yup, my on-air career ended in northampton.  whmp-fm has had
great success the last few years as wlzr, "lazer 99-3".  i was
there during the years following cousin brucie's ownership - when
robert f. x. sillerman was the owner.  no surprise that this
one is from my personal collection then, right? 




 don
weeks wgy schenectady ny 1984. (18:10)
this is about as corny as it gets... but no matter... it's don
weeks.  weeks has been an institution in the albany ny market
for for over 40 years.  i remember listening to him in the
early 60's when he did the nights on wtry.  when 'try morning
man stan roberts left for wkbw, weeks moved into morning
drive.  he also did advertising agency work, was the
weatherman on the old wast channel 13, and did mornings on albany's
waby.  weeks has been on in the morning on wgy for over 25
years!  this aircheck is a live broadcast from outside wgy's
studios on balltown road in niskayuna ny.  the broadcast
features a performance by a kazoo orchestra, and also features a couple
of albany market mainstays, pete williams and david allan, who both
made their mark on wrgb-tv in schenectady, ny.  it sure is
great to hear weeks, and my thanks to 
 mikel j  for this great and
unusual aircheck! 




 robert
k. oliver, wxlo new york 1972. (2:02)
robert was also apparently known as bobby finck on wwdj, and there's a
page about him at the wwdj website, at http://members.aol.com/porcarocpu/bobbyfinck.html. 
it's a short aircheck, but one filled with the energy that wxlo was
then known for.  shortly after of course, came 99x. 
from my personal collection. 




 mike
osborne wpro-fm providence ri 1974. (1:44)
it's unfortunate this aircheck is so short, but "mighty mike" has been
all over new england over the years, and currently has a pretty good
gig at boston's wods.  but as a younger lad, he did nights for
gary berkowitz at 'pro-fm.  this gift comes through the
generosity of  gary
tompkins.  thanks gary!





 phil
dee whyn springfield, ma 1961. (27:46) from the old
days of top 40 - with 30 second jingles, live reads on spots, tape
echo, write in requests, juggling of carts, reel to reel tapes and
et’s, and all that “great” pre-beatle
music… these are just a few of the features of this
outstanding aircheck of whyn.  phil
dee was a huge star of whyn, and has been a mainstay of springfield
radio, appearing on wmas, wrsi, and now at wizz greenfield, ma.  it’s an
outstanding aircheck from new contributor rich
bosse.  it’s
a whyn-er, rich!   




 wkny
kingston ny composite 1972. (11:07) 
      wkny was, and has remained, a well respected station
throughout the years. in ’72, they were primarily an uptempo
ac station that carried sports, some talk shows, and cbs news.  kingston was a mighty
interesting market in the 60’s and 70’s, with both
pat holliday and max kinkel of cklw coming out of the market.  neil young is a newspaper
reporter now, and the whereabouts of jim b, jim sullivan, and mark
allen are unknown.  it’s
a great flashback to small market radio, from our friend neil young…
thanks as always, neil! 




 steve
bousquet wean providence 1977. (13:57)  this aircheck of steve is
from the days of wean being an affiliate of nbc’s news and
information service.  there’s
a lot of steve doing news on a snowy january day in providence, and a
couple of short blips of nbc’s service, which though ahead of
it’s time, failed at the end of may in ‘77.  wean's sister station was
the mike joseph-formatted wpjb-fm (jb-105). 
      steve now works for the st. petersburg times, and
worked at weri, wkfd, warv and wean before moving to tv news (wjar,
wplg miami) and then to newspapers. thanks to 
steve bousquet and 
john baker for this great contribution!





 mikel
j wpyx albany 1986. (3:02) 
      mike was also known as michael j. raymond on wtry,
mike harris on wwwd, and chet arthur on wsny in the 1960’s.  in the 80’s, he
moved on to album rock at albany’s powerhouse aor.  mikel
j, still around and doing well, sent this piece
of tape (and others) for which we are of course, grateful!





 sandy
beach wkbw buffalo 1974.
(5:55)  it
was a sad day when the music disappeared from kb again in january 2006.  wkbw was riding high in
’74, though, and one of the stations real stars (along with
joey reynolds, fred klestine, don burns, and jack armstrong) was beach,
who is still on the air in buffalo. 
      enjoy this aircheck, from kb’s
“great american music machine” days.  listen for the
“pop-top” jingle on terry jacks seasons in the sun.  the aircheck comes from
new contributor  chris
johnson, who tells me this was recorded in
rochester, some 50 miles away.  those
50,000 watters were something else! 




 jess
cain whdh boston 1967. (27:56) cain was a 20+ year
institution of the old whdh during the 60’s and
70’s.  his
specialty was voices and drop ins, and he had several well known
characters, amoung them, pr guy “sidney flack”
(“and i’ll be back!”), “jack
crack”, “dirt cloudy” and
“newton wellsley” 
      this aircheck features cain as a leprechaun, in
honor of st. patrick’s day, irish music, and ray walker on
news.  i’ve
left in the spots and the news.  let
there be no doubt: ‘hdh was a middle of the road formatted
station, with instrumental music as a part of the regular music
program, and an all night jazz show with norm nathan. val doonigan,
paul mauriat, and the ed sullivan orchestra are all featured musical
selections, with very sixties sounding jingles and commercials.    contributed
by  kevin white.





 brad
shepherd wllh lowell/lawrence ma 1983. (8:27)  shepherd has been a good
morning voice in springfield, ma for years at whyn-am and wmas-fm, but
he really made a home for himself at wllh in the early 80’s.
i was reminded of this aircheck when i recently read a flattering
article about him a local paper. 
      here he is, counting down the top songs of 1982 on
his regular morning shift. contributed by 
steve ordinetz. 





 wtic’s
75th anniversary. 
      along with other radio folk, i was disappointed that
wtic didn’t wish to do anything to celebrate their 80th
birthday, as we did here at northeast airchecks. 
      luckily, wtic alumnus david kaplan recorded
their 75 th anniversary on ray
dunaway’s morning show. 
      there are three selections, with most of the spots
and news edited out.  the
      first
hour (29:20) features not only a great commentary
from sports guy scott grey, but from not forgotten alumnus bill clede,
who was the originator of the wtic alumni web site; engineer bob
scherego; talk host mark davis; newscaster al terzi; “the
dean” sportscaster arnold dean, and of course, bob steele.  the second
hour (40:06) features a significant segment with
bob steele talking about the old days, live music, and ownership by
travelers insurance.  doug
webster, kenn venit and steve morris also chime in. 
      the third
hour (39:52), lou palmer and dave wilkerson keep on
going about the old days.  contributor
      dave kaplan
is webmaster to the wtic
alumni website… a great place to review
history of the personalities, and see great photos of the old wtic.  thanks, david!





 johnny
dark whtt boston, ma 1985.
(4:21)  from our old friend neil young,
here’s the much celebrated johnny dark famously of wrko and
wnbc.  it’s
a great midday hour on a “most music monday” toward
the end of the stations top 40 run. 
      dark stayed on for the next format, aaa, when the
station changed format to “wmrq-q-103”.  




 chuck
dube’s production reel.
(3:03) dube, director of engineering at wfcr amherst, ma
offered a couple of little gems for our listening pleasure!  first, hear legendary joey
reynolds on wdrc-fm from the summer of 91, with a brief and funny bit,
and then, an actual tv cut… of john liske on cnn missing his
cue. you can go to chuck’s own pages on the wfcr website
where he neatly explains studio transmitter links, audio processing,
digital broadcasting, signal transmission, antenna placement and
everything in between thanks  chuck
dube  for contributing! 




 john
grasberger’s production reel. (13:10) our contributor mr.
grasberger attended college at rpi, and worked at wrpi, wfly and wgy in
the albany ny market.  grasberger
was known for his successful transitioning of then classical formatted
wfly to a top 40/oldies hybrid in 1970. 
      this reel of “stuff” john
collected during his albany radio tenure will be particularly
interesting to rpi radio folks, who comprise a big part of our loyal
audience.  radio
historian and rpi graduate dennis jackson’s handiwork is all
over this piece of tape, with first a bunch of spliced jingles used on
the air, much of which features den’s production and singing!  there’s also a
blip from the wrpi 1968 sign off party, hosted by jackson.  if you were a wrpi staff
during this time, you won’t wanna miss it. 
      additionally, there’s some dan ingram
outtakes from an id he did for wcwp at c.w. post college, that must
have been quite a thrill for the staff of wcwp. 
      next, a news intro, probably one of the few pieces
of production left from the wfly classical days. 
      a program by and for grasberger’s own show
on wrpi (as “john edwards”) follows, a wrpi id done
by elliot graham, a couple of groovy promos for den jackson’s
psychedelic music program “house of sound”; a
“goodbye” speech from wfly top 40 jock craig
stevens from 1971, and  finally
a couple of bloopers from early seventies wgy schenectady personality
hy agens.  my thanks
to john grasberger
for this great 60’s stuff! 




 don
imus john lennon tribute 1980.  (4:51) on what would have
lennon’s 41st birthday, imus broadcast
this segment honoring lennon’s memory after his tragic
assassination on december 8, 1980. 
      northeast airchecks remembers lennon – and
imus - from those days in the late 70’s and early
80’s.  lennon
was of course a stunningly creative musician and social activist.  imus, still on 660am in
new york, had recently returned to new york after his
“exile” in cleveland. 
      you’ll note imus currently has moved to a
more “natural” delivery, quite different from the
way he sounded in this offering. 





 tim
culver wacz bangor me 1982.  (3:42) 
      here is our one and only aircheck from the state of
maine!  the former
wlbz-am, “z62” was (and still is) owned by writer
steven king, and was full out top 40 for much of the 1980’s.  you’ll hear
culver counting down the “top 81 of 81” on january
1, 1982.  thanks to kevin white
for another welcome addition! 




 neil
young whuc hudson ny 1973. (4:46)  neil himself managed to
dig this up from a pile of old tapes he has. 
      it’s a great aircheck that showcases the
format, jingle (there was only one) and of course, neil!  he’s currently
out of radio working for a newspaper… but his radio career
has spanned more than 30 years working on the east and west coasts.  thanks to neil young
for this great contribution! 





 mark
fuller upstate new york jingle reel ii. (5:57) mark
fuller, who has contributed many times to us has again come up with a
knockout!  hear
jingles from many long gone stations, some still standing –
in this order:  wroc
rochester; waub auburn; wott watertown; wnya rochester; went
gloversville; wcgr canandagua; wrvm rochester; weny elmira; wflc
canandagua; wsua albany; wbta batavia; wbvm utica; weny; whho hornell;
wtny watertown; wggo salamanca; wkrt cortland; wecq geneva; wsoq north
syracuse; wzow utica; wadr remsen; wsen syracuse; wizr johnstown; wfrg
utica-rome; wufo bufalo; wkip poughkeepsie; 
      when syracuse; wrun utica; wpaw syracuse; wufm utica
and wgva geneva.  thanks to  mark fuller  for
another great contribution! 




 johnny
michaels wyny new york composite 1992. (4:24) from
the johnny michaels who made a name for himself in connecticut,
here’s a high energy composite of wyny’s country
format, back when they were on 103.5. 
      the loss of the ‘yny country format
continues to lamented by many new york area radio listeners.  thanks to   johnny michaels
for this great composite of his radio past. 





 harvey
warfield wcoz boston 1983. (4:46)
      warfield was a mainstay of boston area radio during
the 70’s and 80’s, working at wvbf, waaf, wcoz, and
wzlx.  with
‘coz doing an uptempo ac format after the demise of john
sebastian’s “kick assrock and roll – and
no disco”, warfield proves that he can fit with any format. even ones that feature barry manilow
records!  actually recorded on a cold day after
christmas in ’83,  it’s
a contribution from new friend  
kevin white. 
      thanks kevin! 
(there's a lower quality dial up version here.) 





 sebastian
wccc hartford 1992. 
      (29:11) !!parental
guidance suggested!! sebastian has worked for most of the
radio corporations in the hartford ct and springfield, ma
areas… for buckley at wdrc, infinity at wzmx and clear
channel at wnnz. sebastian
is known for using “blue” material, and this
aircheck is no exception (although a little tame by today’s
standards.)  you’ll
hear his longtime sidekick diane yuckin’ it up in the
background. new contributor  
kevin white came through with this
aircheck… thanks kevin! 





 wtic
hartford’s “welcome to broadcast house” 
(21:39) !!parental guidance
suggested!!  put
together in the 1960’s as an obvious joke, this production is
a collection of on and off air bloopers… that is all very
tame by today’s standards. 
      new contributor and wtic’s alum   mike hickoxx
contributed this great and legendary production piece from a legendary
station.   




 chuck
morgan wsvp providence ri 1972. (5:10)
there’s a lot of chuck morgan’s in the radio world,
and i have no idea who this guy is… but wsvp from west
warwick ri was another of those stations trying to compete with wpro.
wsvp was an am “graveyard” frequency station with
1000 watts day, 250 watts night on 1450. i thought they were cool
because they were doing a fake “drake” format. they
actually seemed to be pulling it off, at least on this aircheck, from
contributor peter hunn,
who stated about wsvp: “it was literally in the "walkout"
basement of a laundry and had both transmitters (main & backup)
in the studio.  the
view from of the window included the self supporting tower and historic
graveyard surrounding that stick!” 
      please excuse the distortion, i cleaned it up as
much as i could. (thanks peter!) 





 larry
glick wbz boston 1986. (23:24) one of the most
listened to airchecks ever on this site is the aircheck of larry
glick… and this one of glick with on the air with a psychic
on his evening show on wbz is quite fun to listen to. 
      this one is from the vast archives of peter kingman.   





 dale
dorman wods boston 8/17/05. (16:58) dorman has been
a fixture in boston for nearly 40 years, and is probably best known for
the 23 years he spent doing afternoon drive at kiss-108.  he was also at wrko during
the sixties and 70’s, and wvbf in the 70’s.  he is now the morning jock
at boston’s oldies station, and still sounds great. this one
is courtesy of bob nelson,
who gets a big thanks for sending this off to me. 
      there’s a dial-up version of this aircheck
      here.  




 sue
o’neil wnew new york 7/17/05.  (5:37) wnew-fm has sure
been through a lot of formats since the demise of their aor format.  this month, they are
“mix 102-7” and the format is “classic
dance mix”. sue o’neil, who may be familiar to
connecticut listeners from her days at kc-101, is the jock.  there’s a
dial-up version of the aircheck here.  





 scott
shannon and todd pettengill wplj “big show”
highlights 7/17/05. 
      (38:43) shannon is one of the few programmers who
probably qualifies as a legend, mostly for his work at z-100 in new
york.  for years, he
has programmed and done wake ups with todd at ‘plj.  on saturdays, they play
the highlights of the previous weeks shows. 
      they also do some nice production, incorporating
some digs at wcbs-fm “jack”. there’s a
dial-up version of the aircheck here.  





 george
taylor morris wwdj hackensack nj 1972. (2:35)  as wwdj promoted a
countdown weekend, morris did the all night show. 
      it’s a poor quality aircheck, but gives
you a brief portrait of morris, who has been known as 
      a former pd in boston, new york and los angeles;
host of “reeling in the years”; and is also
credited for discovering the link between pink floyd’s
“dark side of the moon” album, and the movie
“the wizard of oz”. 





 peter
knight wgng providence ri 1973. (4:57)
      our second aircheck of knight (aka
peter hunn) from his stints in rhode island. 
      ‘gng was predicted to perhaps crush, or at
least meaningfully compete with wpro, but was crushed themselves by not
just ‘pro, but wpjb as well. 
      thanks to peter
hunn for contributing some of his personal radio
history!   




 bob
shannon wcbs-fm new york 2005. (11:35)
there’s certainly a lot of places where you can hear some of
cbs-fm, including www.101cbsfm.com and www.bigappleairchecks.com …
here’s my own offering, a scoped afternoon drive hour i
happened to catch on their webcast from march 24, 2005. 
      not only shannon is featured… there's a
big piece of news with veteran newsman al meredith. shannon sure was a
high point of cbs-fm, and will hopefully be back on the ny airwaves
soon… somewhere!  





 dan
martin wtry albany ny 1983. (9:24) martin was the
pd of ‘try from the early seventies until the 80’s
and the presentation taken off the station skimmer is from
‘try’s adult contemporary days. 
      my thanks again to wtry morning man john gabriel
for another nifty contribution!  





 carl
desuze wbz boston 1977.
not only will you hear the great mr.desuze, who did mornings at
‘bz from the 1940’s until the early 80’s,
but
there’s a don batting newscast as well. there’s
only a
couple of records played, one being “i am woman” by
helen
reddy. the spots, news and sports are all intact here… so to
hear what wbz was doing in ’77, listen here! contributed by  peter kingman. 
       




 bob
mcgonagle interviews rick sklar on wgch greenwich ny 1988 part three.
the final segment of mcgonagle’s interview with
wabc’s
former programmer rick sklar. this section features sklar speaking
about early format radio, and alan freed. there’s even a
short
aircheck of freed included! thanks again to 
den jackson for this contribution!  





 ken
gilbert waqy springfield ma 1980.
our second aircheck of gilbert on the old wacky-102, now known as
classic rock “rock 102”. gilbert plays it straight
on this
aircheck, that features talk in an out of all commercial breaks, and
famous wacky shout. from my personal collection.  






khj los angeles
composite 1970.  it’s
remarkable to think that 40 years have passed since bill drake and ron
jacobs put switched khj to a top 40 outlet. 
      the exact date was april 27, 1965. 
      this history of khj is well documented…
in ron jacobs book, and in aircheck form on reelradio.com.  this extensive, but poorly
scoped aircheck, originally from september 1970, was given to me in
early 1971. i’m
pleased to be able to help celebrate the 40th
anniversary of “boss radio” with this two part
composite.  

khj composite part one (10:56) 

    
      unfortunately, only the first 36 seconds of the
composite is the great charlie tuna.  
    
      the legendary real don steele starts at :39.  the energy, is of course
incredible.  
 
    
      9:05 – the ultra cool humble harv, on from
6-9pm. (there’s more of him on part two) 

    
      9:25 – shadow stevens on his regular
shift, 9pm-12m.  

khj composite part two (16:36) 

    
      shadow stevens, here doing afternoon drive, in an
aircheck put up on this site in 2000.  
    
      8:25 – back to humble harv; amazingly, he
used drop-ins!  
    
      12:44 – johnny williams, all night
midnight-6am  
    
      14:41 – sadly, only one break of the great
robert w. morgan.  
     14:57
– broadcasting school owner bill wade, 9am-12n.
in
raw form, my original dub also includes some airchecks of krla, kgbs
and kday.  i believe
it came from a guy named rich hogan, who worked at wtry and wfly in the
albany ny market in the early 1970’s. 
      myself and then high schooler john gabriel listened
to this tape over and over again in those days.  as a young radio nut,
i was captivated by the "drake" sound... and it's never left
me.   





 bobby
brannigan wpop hartford ct 1970.
(:59) before you start researching if boom boom brannigan had a younger
brother… know this is actually well known consultant  clark smidt.
smidt spent
years at the old wbz-fm, weei-fm, wcoz and wnnh. clark writes:
“this is a goofy minute from wpop but kinda fun, when i was
pulling an all-nighter as a senior at university of hartford and gm of
wwuh-fm. i have a ton of tapes...but they're all still on reel to
reel....haven't figured how to put them on mp3, yet…
currently
working with a few radio clients around the northeast and looking for
more plus some other interesting opportunities. i miss the ownership of
wnnh oldies 99....but others are out there. lots of ways to contribute
to radio these days.” clarks web site is
www.broadcastideas.com,
where you can learn more about him. thanks for this clark…
looking forward to more!   




 greg austin
wvbf boston 1975.  (8:18) if you
can’t remember the days when morning drive meant one jock and
one newsperson, this aircheck should refresh your memory.  austin worked at wvbf
during the time when the station was trying a top 40/album hybrid
format.  they had
one of the coolest jingle packages around, and it’s well
featured here.  leading
aircheck producer  gary
tompkins gave this one to me… my
thanks again gary! 





 bob
mcgonagle interviews rick sklar on wgch greenwich ct 1988 part two. (21:42)  the significant interview with
wabc’s former programmer rick sklar continues.  this section features
sklar speaking about early days at wins. 
      there
is a long discussion about faking remote broadcasts, and an aircheck of
a ny knicks basketball game being interrupted by the phone company that
is outstanding.  old
time radio and of course, the beatles also come up. my thanks again to  den jackson 
for this contribution; part three will be here at northeastairchecks
during 2005.   




 john
gabriel with “cousin” bruce morrow wtry troy ny 1989.  what a great time john had
with cousin brucie in the studio one morning. 
      brucie is a delight… a real showman, and
john kindly lets him entertain.  segment
one (29:57) features bruce relating old
stories about his radio days, and plugs for his appearance on local
public tv that night. segment
two features calls from listeners, bruce
sucking up to wtry management (then gm carol kelly), and remembrances
of the beatles.  it’s
sincerely entertaining, and my thanks to my real cousin,  john gabriel,
for this great aircheck.   




 pat
patterson wcop boston 1961. (18:29) it’s a joy to hear
patterson, who also worked at wptr/albany and wice/providence.  you hear some great
commercials and jingles, newscasts (sponsored by kennedy’s
butter and egg store) and patterson’s talent. 
      part of the formatic structure of the station was
for the jock to talk for a few seconds between every commercial, as
part of a transition i suppose.  this
aircheck is a nice gift from our old friend 
shannon huniwell of popular communications
magazine.  thanks,
shannon!   




 wtic hartford
switches from 500 to 50,000 watts 1929. the
specific date was july 30, 1929. this historic recording is an actual
aircheck, recorded an edison “ediphone” machine
(which was an early dictaphone machine.) the ediphone recorded on wax
cylinders, and was of course not meant as an aircheck device. the
recording was made by holding the mouthpiece of the ediphone to a
speaker that was wired to an air monitor. the original recording was
transferred from the wax cylinders at some point by the wtic staff to
78rpm transcription disks, which were the source of this recording.
(you'll therefore hear a lot of pauses and clunking of the equipment as
disks are reset and played. no matter - it adds to the charm.) the
program itself celebrated wtic's final sign off from their first
transmitting site: twin 150-foot towers on the roof of the travelers
insurance company's downtown hartford grove street building that
supported a t-shaped, center-fed antenna. the next morning, they signed
on their still in use talcott mountain avon, ct site with 50,000 watts.
this aircheck is divided into two segments. 
segment one (10:09) features a speech by walter e.
cole, vice president of the travelers who speaks briefly about the
progress the station had made over the last few years and introduces a
musical number by the 20 piece orchestra conducted by emil heimberger.
mr. cole waxes nostalgic about putting the 500w transmitter out to
pasture. towards the end of the segment is the final farewell from mr.
cole signing off “formally and finally from the old
station”. i've left some of the music in the aircheck, which
you should keep an open mind about. (music recorded on an ediphone
machine is a little like hearing music recorded on an answering
machine, only worse. it's still amazing for 1929, though!) there's part
of a selection from wagner's opera “tannhäuser und
der sängerkrieg auf wartburg”, which should be
familiar to fans of bugs bunny cartoons. 
segment two (4:25) features an announcer describing
how the program was recorded, which is quite fascinating, as he also
notes the names of the engineering staff, and other people involved in
the program. it includes much technical information about their old and
new transmitting facilities. these historic airchecks were
kindly provided by the media
preservation foundation.  we urge you to
check out their web site, and lend your support!  





 wtic: “the broadcaster
at 40” 1965.
to celebrate their 40th anniversary of broadcasting, wtic produced a
four hour long documentary about their history. all for segments are
narrated by the well known wtic announcer dick bertel. at the time of
this production from '65, the station was owned by traveler's insurance
company (hence the t-i-c). travelers ran the station like a major
market station, with tons of staff announcers, support staff,
engineers, musicians, etc. this documentary is made up of both oral and
recorded history, with both local and national recordings are utilized.
a significant amount of local news and history is covered, with notable
moments including the horrific hartford circus tent fire that killed
167 people in july of 1944. some wtic employees that were at the
station in the 1920's were still working at the station or recently
retired in 1965 and are interviewed. each segment is about 55 minutes
in length. (the name of the documentary "the broadcaster" by the way
refers to a statute that was commissioned by the travelers of a farmer
"broadcasting" seeds.  the statue now stands in the newsroom
of
wtic.)  if you are an old radio buff, you'll thoroughly enjoy
this
documentary. 
segment one covers the early years of the station,
from 1929 to 1935. in this period, the station went from being a
non-commercial station, whose operation was completely subsidized by
the travelers to a commercial station. interestingly, the station
shared time with wbal in baltimore in the early years. 
segment two covers the years 1935- 1945. it
features much of the “old time radio” kind of
programming that was popular at that time, much of it locally produced.
there's also remembrances of severe weather and the addition of fm
broadcasting. the news of world war two, and wtic's coverage of local
servicemen, was extensive. 
segment three covers 1945-1955. there's a lot more
actual audio in this segment, as wtic became more vigilant in archiving
programming on 78 rpm transcription disks. the great bob steele became
a more prominent announcer at the station. events covered are the end
of world war two . there is one segment that could be described as
quaint - a segment of live music programming announced by . and wait
until you hear a segment of allen ludden hosting the show
“mind your manners”! 
segment four reviews 1955-1965. the stations civic
and fund raising activites are emphasized, along with prominent news
stories. there's a segment on wtic's move to constitution plaza in
downtown hartford in 1961 as part of urban renewal. the segment ends
with audio from an award ceremony with a speech by former general
manager paul morency (morency had first joined the station in 1929.)
along with musical entertainment from the ceremony. these
historic airchecks were kindly provided by the media preservation
foundation.  we urge you to check out
their web site, and lend your support!  





 bob steele talks to ww2
servicemen, 6/45. we can't celebrate an 80th
anniversary of wtic without offering any tape of the great bob steele,
who passed away in december of 2002. during the 1940's, wtic offered a
series of programs called “the war goes on”. 
segment one (13:18) is the "war goes on", hosted by
steele, and an obviously scripted program with two connecticut
servicemen and their adventures on the air craft carrier franklin.
alfred e amos of hartford, and stanley j. olander are featured. please
excuse some occasional skipping of the transcription disk it was
recorded on. 
segment two (3:31) is raw tape of steele talking to
two servicemen, 21 year old charles connor, from homestead fl and 22
year old henry eaststrich of booneville in. these historic
airchecks were kindly provided by the media preservation
foundation.  we urge you to check out
their web site, and lend your support!  





 david brudnoy wbz boston 1986. (28:28) the
broadcast world lost another legend on december 8, 2004 when wbz talk
radio host brudnoy passed.  brudnoy’s
show was markedly different from many of the current radio talk shows,
where posturing and positioning now seem to now reign. not that brudnoy
wasn’t opinionated… he was a libertarian,
conservative in some ways, liberal in others, both erudite and a man of
the people.  his
well publicized battle with aids in the early nineties, and the cancer
that quickly took him, were headlines in boston media. 
      dr. brudnoy started on boston radio in 1976 at whdh,
then, at wrko as part of their talk format roll out in 1981 and
finally, at wbz.  in
this aircheck, brudnoy tackles some of his favorite topics: the state
of public education, radio and even terrorism. 
      from 
peter kingman’s collection of wbz
airchecks.  thanks
peter!    




 
bob mcgonagle interviews rick sklar on wgch greenwich ct 1988 part one.
(37:17) this aircheck is significant for two reasons. first
of all, mcgonagle passed away years ago, and was known from his work at
whn and wtfm. contributor den
jackson wrote me that "he had wonderful pipes
and a rabid following in greenwich, because he established a warm and
fuzzy sense of community on his show. he liked to tweak those in power,
and there are plenty of those in greenwich, and so he was a kind of
hero to regular working class folks. his show really was a "phenomenon"
of sorts.  he was on
from 7 - midnight with terrific ratings.” after den left
wgch, mcgonagle went to mid days, and then was let go. “he
was into his 60s, and never worked in radio again”  secondly, this aircheck,
which will be presented in three parts, is a significant interview with
wabc’s former programmer rick sklar. wgch
was sklar's first station after he hung his consulting shingle out
after he left abc's "talkradio" network. the aircheck
features remembrances and airchecks of sklar’s career.  in this selection, sklar
plugs his book, “rockin’ america”, offers
his opinions on the state of radio in the 1980’s; his early
years in radio when it was thought that “television is the
box radio will be buried in”; and, an incredible 1956
“sting” operation perpetrated by wins on competitor
wmgm. my thanks again to 
den jackson for this contribution; parts two and
three will be here at northeastairchecks.com during 2005.  





 
johnny michaels composite 1972-85. (19:14) first of
all, this is not the same michaels who worked in new york at wor-fm,
wnbc, and others… this is the michaels who has worked in
connecticut radio for many years, and is now out of the business.
you're gonna hear a great retrospective of john’s career, and
a real flavor for the stations he has worked at over the years.  he probably spent the
longest time at mike joseph consulted wtic-fm in the late seventies and
early eighties.  in
order, you hear john on wesa, charleroi, pa; wwco waterbury, ct; wnhc,
new haven, ct; wccc, hartford; wcbs-fm, new york; whyn, springfield,
ma; wrcq, hartford; waqy, springfield, ma; wtic-fm, hartford; and
wdrc-fm hartford.  michaels
even made the big time as pd of country 103.5 wyny during the
90’s.  thanks
to johnny michaels for this great tape! 






jay
douglas and rob friedman wrpi troy ny 1971. (29:14) technically
entitled the “jeff and bob present the rock n’ jay
“how ya doin’” early morning wake up
show” the show that was normally on friday mornings for
barely two semesters on renselear polytechnic institute’s fm
station. this aircheck was of their last show together…
ever. it includes, confusingly, a clip from the
“crusin’ 1961” album that featured
wmex’s arnie ginsburg.  it
was originally recorded at very slow tape speed (1+7/8),
but is in stereo… with rob on the right, and jay on the left.  douglas worked at wptr and
friedman on wfly in the albany market at the time. many thanks to douglas fogg (jay
douglas), for this is about as obscure an aircheck as you can
get… but i’ll bet the audience of 
      rpi alumni will eat this one up. 
      it’s for you gang!  







jim garrett wack newark, ny 1977. (3:26)
first of all, newark, ny is just north of canandaigua, and east of
rochester. jim wrote me that: “i was in radio 30 years ago in
a couple of small markets around rochester… i send it along
only for its vague historical interest in terms of how this little
daytime directional sounded lo those many years ago. 
      the station had been moved to what amounted to a
suburban ranch house a couple of years before this, from its long time
location on the main drag in newark. 
      it had decent facilities for a station its size and
i think the management was trying to do something with it.  the gm, whose name escapes
me, had once worked in chicago.  the
sales/station manager was brought in from 
      an equally famous "c" city, coudersport, pa. :-) i
was hired as the program director out of the equally well-known wwbk in
brockport!  but
it was a fun place for the year i lasted there.  i'll never
forget walking in the first day and asking one of the jocks how they
managed the music rotation. 
      he pointed at a tilting pile of 45's and said, "we
take off the top and put the played ones on the bottom."  it was
hysterical.  everyone
was doing whatever they felt like. 
      needless to say, they weren't happy when i cut back
severely on their chatter and added a strict clock.” thanks
to ron dylewski for aircheck… we love
these small market wonders!  






 cary pall wbbf rochester ny 1974.   (14:20) cary, currently with saga and soon
pursuing station ownership, was the night guy at wbbf, and he got to do
a sunday shift once weekly that you’ll hear.  cary has
worked in new york, detroit, st. louis, toledo, hartford…
he’s been all over. even in ’75, he dreamed of
owning his own radio property. 
      we wish him much luck!  enjoy this
aircheck, that   cary
pall
let me dub “back in the day”.  





 ralph
cooper whom new york 1963. (7:38)  dennis jackson
is a contributor of ours who has been with us since the very beginning,
and he always comes up with sounds that are interesting and of
historical importance. this one is no exception! about this great
aircheck of whom, den wrote me that "in those days, i think cooper
brokered the overnights. he also filled-in at least once in the evening
on wmca. he worked sundays at wvox (then wnrc am/fm), and the story is
told that one sunday afternoon, some tough looking guys came to the
door looking for him. the alert engineer told the guys a fib: that
cooper wasn't really there, he was on tape. they left without
incident... ralph was a classic dibble-talker, and he talked faster
than more well known ny talkers like jocko henderson of "jocko's blue
rocket" on 1280/wov (aka "the land of ob-la-di and ob-la-da"). more
like jerry blavat, "the geater with the heater" in philly (though jerry
was caucasian.)... i'd like to know if he ad-libbed this as he went
along, like the rheingold beer commercial: "you know in the wee hours
of the morning when the real jive goes down, you just don't wanna be no
clown. you want to able to reach out and slap a can in everybody's
hand, of the beer that's grand." puffy, eat your heart out... in those
days, whom's 4-tower array in nj was attended full time.  the
overnight engineer, arnold, was referred to by cooper as "arnie the
hitter at the transmitter." his studio engineer, george, was referred
to as "georgie-porgie" as in "let's needle that groove, georgie porgie
and move. come on george, open that pot and let him shout!" 
the
aircheck was made off the fm on my wollensak in november 1963 at home
in westport, ct.  my thanks again to 
dennis jackson for his great radio mind, and for
his reliable wollensack!   




 dan
ingram wabc new york 1972. (12:20) the technical
quality of this aircheck is about as bad as it gets, but ingram is, as
usual, just amazing. it includes ingram’s usual wisecracks
about… well, just about anything, and promo for an elvis
concert voiced by harry harrison. listen, and enjoy. 
      from my personal collection.  





 jack
miller wcbs-fm new york 1980. (6:18)
      miller was more known as cbs-fm’s morning
man prior to harry harrison’s arrival from wabc.  it sounds like miller had
to come in at the last minute for don k. reed on the overnight shift
this night. an interesting look back, as cbs-fm was then featuring
“future gold” (current hits) an recurrents in with
their staple of oldies.   




 bwana
johnny wwdj hackensack nj 1973. (9:14)
      i’m really guessing on the year
here… this aircheck is from a memorial day
weekend… bwana tears it up counting down the top 100 of 1969.  some great production and
jingles from a legendary station and jock. from my personal collection.  




 frankie
crocker wmca new york 1969. (11:59)
      crocker, who passed away in 2000, is featured here
in the last days of wmca as a music station.  
      frankie became one of the wmca “good
guys” after doing nights on wwrl. 
      his career soared at wbls in new york city, where he
built the station into a powerhouse in the late 70’s.  he was also at wgci
& wnua in chicago; kute in los angeles, and wkks in st. louis.
he hosted nbc tv's friday night videos and was one of the first vj's on
vh-1.  it’s
a mighty fine contribution from 
gary pedoto. 





 scott
muni wor-fm new york 1966. 
      sadly, scottso passed away on september 28, 2004,
and this aircheck honors his greatness. 
      muni’s voice was heard on wmca, wabc, and
wor-fm before his legendary 31 years at wnew-fm. he was one the
original wor-fm jocks after their change to “progressive
rock”, along with jonny michaels (who you’ll hear
briefly on this aircheck) murray the k and roscoe mercer.  this is a very rare, and
wonderful aircheck – not only because of muni – but
the jingles, commercials and music also evoke a time just coming off an
optimistic “the summer of love”. to this day, there
are new yorkers who mourn the passing of wor-fm as an early progressive
rocker… and now, we also mourn the passing of scott muni.  the aircheck, which is
amazing and even in stereo, was generously provided by gary west, who
has his own great web site at www.mrpophistory.com.  my thanks gary!  note: 
you can hear a well restored, higher fidelity version of this aircheck
at www.reelradio.com. 
i highly recommend it!  -rk   





 barry
commoner for president radio spot 1980.  parental guidance suggested! 
      ok, there was reagan, carter, anderson... and commoner,
running on the citizen's party ticket in '80. this spot, which actually
features the word bullshit (twice), was caught by contributor thom richards as
played on wdot burlington vt during an abc news feed. who knows how
many times it aired, but the fact that it even made it on the air (and
on a network) seems incredible. commoner helped pioneer the modern
environmental movement, is the author of nine books, including the
closing circle (1980), one of the first books to point out
the high environmental costs associated with american technological
development. he got a total of 232,538 votes nationally in the 1980
election.  thanks again to thom richards for this bit of radio
- and american - history.    




 gary
berkowitz wpro-fm providence ri 1974.
(2:24) an aircheck from the very early days of pro-fm, with then pd
berkowitz. gary occasionally sends correspondence to us… and
i'll bet he’s real pleased to hear himself on pro after all
this
time. from  gary tompkins
never ending collection of airchecks… thanks again gary!
  




 michael
j. raymond wtry albany ny 1967.
mike is an albany and binghamton radio vet, having worked at 'try,
wwwd, wsny (as chet arthur) and wpyx in the albany market, and at wene
and wkop-fm in binghamton. this aircheck, which was originally recorded
by albany dj rich morris, was recorded primarily to catch as many of
the stations jingles as possible - you'll therefore occasionally hear
raymond get cut off. you'll also hear then teenager bob hall doing the
news (last i heard, hall was working for abc), and jay clark doing a
spot for "mr. hot dog". it's a gem, and a donation from  andrew mackenzie,
webmaster and curator of two great websites,  capitalgold.org
and  fifteenforty.com.
thanks for this keen contribution, andy!  





 mike
harris wwwd schenectady ny 1981.
he's gone under the names of michael j. raymond and mikel j., but he
really is the same guy as micheal j. raymond. mike spent many years at
wwwd, the former wsny with 1000 watts at 1240. thanks to  mikel j himself for
sending this one out to me!   




 mark
fuller waly herkimer ny 1975. here’s
another great snapshot of small market radio in the mohawk river valley
of upstate new york. it’s the sunday serenade with fuller as
the host, and it features old mutual network news, lost dog
announcements and instrumentals up to news time. waly/1420 is now wnls,
an espn radio affiliate.   




 mark
fuller’s upstate new york jingle reel.
there’s a ton of waly jingles here, along with wolf, wnyr,
wosc, wptr, wcss, wkbw, whfm, wtry, wrow, wgy wtlb, wack and much much
more!  mark fuller was kind enough
to contribute these beauties! enjoy!  





 don
perry wtlb utica 1975. a neat little station with a
bad signal, ‘tlb was a top 40 market leader in utica for
years until wrun cleaned their clock at about the time of this
aircheck. perry later did time at wrun, wtry and others in upstate new
york. perry is reportedly selling real estate in the rochester
area.   




 mike
phillips wwdj hackensack nj 1972. (5:24) phillips
worked at ‘dj for nearly much of its history as a top 40
station from 1971-1974.  ‘dj
was the little station that challenged wabc and wor-fm/wxlo.  whether the station was a
success has been debated endlessly… but fact is the station
changed format to religion in 1974. by the time ‘dj switched,
phillips had already gone over to wxlo. 
      what maybe another significant fact is that phillips
eventually landed at krth in los angeles, and in the early
1990’s with consultant bill drake, built k-earth into a
powerhouse oldies adaptation of the old khj. 
      drake and phillips brought in robert w. morgan and
the real don steele to complete the package, and a new legend was born.
phillips retired from krth a couple of years ago. this aircheck, with
the added bonus of tape swish, is from my personal collection. 
   




 mike
phillips wxlo nyc 1973. (13:38) this is actually a
composite recorded in both august, and then october of that year.  you’ll hear, at
about 8:50, a change in jingle package that all the rko stations went
through with the departure of bill drake, and paul drew assuming the
position of consultant to the rko stations. 
      by 1974, ‘xlo had become 99x. thanks to  gary tompkins
for these airchecks, which were recorded in massachusetts via
dx.   




 rick
kelly whdq claremont nh 1987. (5:34) while working
to further his career in social services full time, yer buddy rick did
some very occasional part time at then top 40 q106 for pd ken barlow.
"the q" had some great jam productions jingles at the time, and you'll
catch some here!  by the way... barlow went on to be in charge
of programming for vox radio. rick went on to be in charge of
northeastairchecks.com!   




 mark
driscoll wbbf rochester ny 1974. (7:44) mark
driscoll has made a name for himself over the last decade or so as a
nationally known production voice, but in the 1970’s driscoll
worked as a jock and pd and many stations. 
      his resume has got to be overwhelming…
he’s worked at wor-fm, wrko, wwdj, 13q and wnbc to name just
a few. ‘bbf under driscoll was a direct copy of much of what
had already happened at 13q in pittsburgh a year or so before,
including sped up records, tons of audio compression and high energy
delivery. driscoll’s station promos were loaded with state of
the art (for 1975) production techniques. neil young airchecked
this one on his trusty radio shack cassette machine. 
      thanks neil!   




 dick
summer wbz boston 1968. (25:19) summer’s
easy going style is easy to take on this aircheck, that does have some
noise and static through it.  there’s
also a lot of great commericials from american motors, esso, rustoleum,
chevrolet, buick, ultra-brite, castro convertibles, muzzy ford city in
needham, and double-mint gum.  was
‘bz top 40 or adult contemporary at this time?  hard to tell.  joe fazio contributed
this boston relic… i sure do appreciate it joe!  





 tom
casey whtt boston 1984. (2:24) casey was well known
in albany ny market circles, as he worked at several stations, woko,
wfly and wgfm.  he
also got out to boston to do top 40 at 103.3 fm. 
      casey is still in media, doing sports tv in san
diego. he was kind enough to run this off on a cd for me…
thanks tom casey! 
       




 alan
freed wins new york 3/5/55.
(26:24) it’s just remarkable to hear this
aircheck of freed. the original recording on this one is noted as being
made on a wire recorder, and sounds like it was made with a microphone.  freed made his debut on
wins only six months earlier, and made huge splash playing music by
mostly black artists wherever he went including akron and cleveland,
oh. at the time of this aircheck, had just come off a successful rock
and roll show in new york in january. 
      the aircheck is full of mailed in and telegrammed
dedications to listening teenagers who are now undoubtedly now in their
60’s. freed’s much imitated cries of
“oh!” and “ho” are heard
throughout, and note how freed gives title, artist, and record label
for each selection. interesting that freed rarely said the call
letters… i only count three times on this aircheck! freed
was nothing short of a pioneering talent, a person who loved being on
the air and loved the music he played. my greatest thanks to "big tuna" jim kaye
for these airchecks of "mr. rock and roll"!  





 alan
freed wabc new york 11/5/59. (16:43)
“easy listening” wabc(?) hired freed immediately
after his  contact expired with wins in the spring of 1958.  not only do you get to
hear a much subdued freed on this aircheck, but some wabc jingles,
commercials (live and recorded), freed’s characteristic
pounding on the table to the beat of the music, and the requests and
dedications. freed obviously used a speaker in the studio instead of
headphones, which was common in those days. there was also an obvious
reverb control that he could turn off and on for emphasis. freed was
fired from wabc about two weeks after the date on this aircheck, after
refusing to sign a statement stating that he never accepted payola.
thus began freed’s downward slide. as much as dick clark came
out the darling of the 1950’s payola scandals, freed sadly
became the “poster child”, and after working in los
angeles and miami, died in january of 1965 at the age of 43 of
gastrointestinal bleeding and cirrhosis of the liver, related to
apparent excessive drinking. there’s tons of information
about freed at www.alanfreed.com.  unfortunately, this
aircheck is partially riddled with what sounds like tape print through
(of perhaps another aircheck backwards) through part of the middle of
the tape. thanks again   "big
tuna" jim kaye for these outstanding pieces of
rock and roll history! 
   




 nick
diamond wllh lowell-lawrence ma 1971. (9:03) this
marginal quality aircheck features wllh rocking out, playing led
zeppelin. they were a pretty tight top 40. wllh alumni dave faneuf says
that diamond spent a number of years at wllh, and is still in the
lowell area, running a production company.  





 jim
stevens wllh lowell-lawrence ma 1966. (20:07)
don’t miss this excellent aircheck of the evening shift on
full service top 40 wllh.  it’s
authentic in every way… besides hearing stevens enjoyable
and smooth delivery, you’ll hear lots of station production,
jingles, newscasts, spots, cue burned records, switches being thrown,
carts being juggled and re-cuing… it’s just a
wonder!   




 daniel
t. guy wllh lowell-lawrence ma 1977. (5:45)
‘llh had added reverb by 1977, and this aircheck also
delivers authentic sound of wllh – spots and production are
left in, and take up most of the aircheck. it sounds like
‘llh had drifted more towards ac at the time.  





 jack
peterson wllh lowell-lawrence ma 1980. (6:37) the
station had taken a definite turn towards ac, and called themselves
“14llh” by the time ’80 came along.  peterson spent years at
‘llh, and is now at wbsm in new bedford, ma. 





 billy
james weex easton pa 1977. (5:13) how great to have
another aircheck from pennsylvania! 
      bill james has worked his way through much of the
northeast (and also made an appearance in california) over the last 25
years… he’s currently at wsul in monticello ny.  i well recall hearing the
easton market in 1970, and being favorably impressed, and it seems that
the trend continued until (at least ) ’77.  
      it’s medium market, it’s got
reverb, and it’s got energy. 
      pretty much what it’s all about!  thanks to bill james
for the great aircheck!   




 rick
bennett wtry albany ny 1971. (6:49) it’s
morning drive in the albany market, with j.w. wagner on competitor wptr
and bennett on ‘try.  you’ll
catch some of ‘try’s tm jingle package, a lot of
talk and little music.  there’s
an unconfirmed rumor that bennett passed away some years ago. thanks to
aircheck ace neil young
for this one!   




 larry
glick wbz boston “the orangutan”.
(9:28) certainly glick’s show overnights on wbz was out of
the ordinary, and is the kind of talk radio show that probably
isn’t heard anymore. the caller reads a story about an
orangutan, adopted as a pet, where things go from bad to worse.  glick and the caller laugh
so hard it’s becomes contagious! for those who
don’t remember glick, his show had a little bit of everything
- hypnotism, comedy bits, call ins – and had a huge
following. from the late 1970's, and contributed by charles dean. my
thanks!   




 wtym
east longmeadow, ma jingles~1970's.
(8:00) to accompany an
article by shannon huniwell in the march 2003 issue of  popular
communications magazine "shannon's broadcast
classics", here's some jingles and production from the old 1600kc am in
northeast airchecks home in the springfield, ma market. the jingles
are... well - sleepy, but well sung. the production was well meaning
and well targeted. but in the mid-seventies, the fm beautiful music
stations, like whyn-fm and wrch-fm overshadowed little am's like wtym.  these jingles and
production bits certainly though well represent the era and beautiful
music format, which has nearly disappeared from sight. my thanks to
former 'tymer  gary
tompkins shannon huniwell and 
popular communications magazine for partnering up
on this one! 
 




 waxc
rochester ny composite 1973. (4:53) in 1972 whec morphed into waxc and enjoyed a
several-year run as rochester's second chr. in this 11/73 aircheck,
waxc - programmed by larry white - sounded like they were cleaning
wbbf's clock. of course 'bbf came back under mark driscoll and
eventually drove waxc out of the format. you'll hear night jock dave
mason, dave slade overnights, and, briefly, morning maven larry black
and midday jock bob scott, as well as part of a waxc newscast. by 1979
waxc and call letters...as ac 3wg (wwwg). interestingly, larry white
was still pd. thanks to neil
young for this fine contribution.   




 wgrq
buffalo composite 1973. (3:04) wgr's fm went top 40
around 1972.  they were a "drake" clone. and you'll notice the
basically clean, concise delivery from night jock roger christian
(who's labored in the buffalo market for years) and midday jock jim
fox. the station has gone through several sets of format changesboth in
and since the 70's... they are now "97 rock" wgrf. compliments of
contributor neil young's
radio shack cassette machine.     




 dick
mcdonough wcfr springfield, vt 1967.  he's a connecticut radio
legend, and still on the air at wmas springfield ma, but in '67, he was
getting his feet wet in vermont at wcfr, and prior, wike.  dick was never a stranger
to new england, having worked in laconia and manchester nh prior to
landing at of course, wdrc hartford, ct. 
      this aircheck is about one and on-half hours
untelescoped in “real time”... and the total
telescoped time is still over 45 minutes. it's got lots of jingles,
spots, and production elements, and is split into three segments. (1)
(14:25) features a straight aircheck of mcdonough taking dedications,
and features a five minute newscast; (2)
(18:48) is a 15 minute program that was a feature every saturday,
"record roundtable". mcdonough is the host, with three high school aged
kids ranking the records (none of the records became hits.) it's
typically teenage - awkward and funny. 
      one of the three kids, "larry" s on mcdonough's
smoking habit, and mcdonough flusters a bit. 
      (3)
 (12:57) goes back to straight aircheck again... but
check out the dedications, and the way mcdonough answers the phone on
the air.  sam ward is one of
northeast airchecks most devoted listeners, and we thank him (and in
turn, "man
from mars" ed brodeur) for this entertaining
'check.     




 dick
mcdonough wmas springfield ma 2003. (8:29)
here's mcdonough, 37 years later doing the midday shift. he's still
amazing... smooth, upbeat, tight and entertaining. i just added this to
my personal collection!   
    




 allan
camp wcfr springfield vt 1979. (2:16) camp, now the
pd and morning guy of wrch hartford, ct was at 'cfr during the years
they were owned by sconnix. and even though wcfr had some great moments
as a community oriented top 40 station, they were particularly known
for cultivating young talent when they were adult contemporary from
1974 into the 80’s. camp came out of rutland vt, and was a
well known wdrc jock during the “rock ‘n’
gold” format in the 80’s. he’s as smooth
and personable sounding on the air now as he was in 1979.  wcfr
has taken back the call letters that were original to springfield, vt -
wnbx - and is now running a "real oldies" type of format.  i'm
always hoping they will call me back to springfield to do some voice
tracking for them!  thanks to allan for this
contribution.   




 wicc
bridgeport ct "modern broadcast sound" jingles ~1960.
one of our most dedicated contributors and listeners, dennis jackson
said that "these are off a 16" transcription recorded at "modern
broadcast sound" at 720 barnum avenue, stratford, ct, before anyone had
ever heard of a jingle mecca called dallas. wicc billboards on the
brand new connecticut turnpike in new haven (aka i-95) touted "good
listening from here to nyc!" these jingles are from the very early 60s,
when wicc referred to their coverage as "the five-county area", even
before they became "service six" and filled the airwaves with the likes
of "harold peters with birds for service six" and the late, great "anna
baum skane." jocks included "franklin
d" (delfino), "your man around the house", harry downie, bill coddaire, dick alexander,
carl "jerry knight" olimpieri, frank derak, richard ward fatherley,
and later bob "jim jordan"
lasprogato, later pd at wjaz and then wref.  
      newsmen were steve
young and christopher
glen (both now at cbs for decades) and tony brunton.  
      pd was phil
cutting for part of this era." 
      i couldn't agree more that they have a cool early
sixties sound... especially gotta love that "hi-fi!" 
      ct radio buffs should also check out  wicc's web site,
which has tons of history of the station... unusual in this day and age.  thanks again, den for
another superb contribution!   




 peter
knight wpro providence ri 1975. 
      knight (aka peter
hunn) has kind of a colorful radio history,
putting in time at wgng and wjar, and this tape of wpro as an adult
contemporary station is revealing of their personality driven format.  knight/hunn later went on
to work at wnlc in new london, ct - and in the early eighties bought
his own station; whrc in port henry ny. 
      hunn now does some free lance writing, especially
for popular
communications magazine, and teaches at the state
university of new york at oswego, new york. 
      thanks peter for giving us another providence
contribution.  we
certainly don't get much material from the ocean state, and would love
to see more!   





robert
j. boogie wpro-fm providence 1974. fresh from their
format change from beautiful music to top 40 - and with no jingles and
reverb (that apparently came later), this is pro-fm in their infancy.
wpro-fm was programmed by the now famous gary
berkowitz in '74. of course, pro-fm continues to be a top
40 powerhouse, crushing competitors, nearly 30 years later!  the jock, mr. boogie, i'm
pretty sure was known as "bobby mcgee" on wtic-fm some years later (but
iwthout the fake wolfman jack imitation). 
at any rate, i'm sure robert j.'s parents, mr. and mrs.
boogie, are very proud. gary tompkins
contributed it, and you're gonna love it!  






 wrpi
albany ny production reel 1970.
(3:27) the non-commercial station operated by rensselaer
polytechnic institute of troy ny shifted from operating 700 watts from
an antenna mounted on a college building to 20,000 watts from the tower
of a former tv station (channel 41, for anyone whose interested) in
1970.  this
contribution from former rpi student and long time air talent  doug fogg (j.
douglas) features both fogg and rob friedman as the promo voices; a
promo for wrpi’s all request show, and anti-vietnam war psa,
and the wrpi sign off, voiced by alumnus chuck phelan. 
      thanks to doug for taking us back to underground
college radio!   





 chris
warren wtry albany ny 1990.
(4:46) warren has been an albany radio fixture for the
last 30+ years at wsny, wkaj, wgy, wgna, wrve, and at wtry... twice!  warren is still on 'try,
and is the auction manager at albany public tv wmht. 
      it's a slice of the times, complete with dan quayle
jokes and lots jingles.  thanks
to  chris warren
for this memorable contribution.  





 dean
anthony wwdj new york, 1972.
(3:37) upon reading about the death in late october of
dean anthony, i remembered i had some snippets of him on 'dj, and after
considerable searching, found what little i have. 
      probably best known as being one of the wmca "good
guys" in the 60's, anthony put in many years as pd of whli on long
island.  anthony was
the kind of jock who fit right into to whatever format he was working,
and on a tightly formatted station like 'dj was, he sure made it sound
easy.  from my
personal collection.  





 harvey
warfield wvbf boston 1974. (4:25)  the ultra-cool
‘vbf, and popular boston area voice are together on this tape
of snippets from an evening shift. 
      warfield, significantly hyper on this aircheck, lets
loose and has fun on this aircheck that also feature the famous wvbf
jingles produced by heller.  this
is another segment in the continuing collection of airchecks from
former waqy employee  gary
tompkins.  thanks
again, gary!     




 wtfm
new york composite 1979.  (12:51)
      during the 1970’s there was a huge
migration of so called “beautiful music” stations
to “easy listening”. 
      wtfm was one such station that enjoyed high ratings
as a beautiful music in the early seventies and saw their audience
slowly age and erode.  switching
to easy listening, as it was called then, was a way to attract younger
demographics while hopefully keeping the older. 
      but wtfm was to become an also ran to competitors
wrfm and wpat, and became wapp (which became an also ran aor), then
wyny, wqht (hot 103.5), and now the highly successful wktu.  the top hour id will evoke
perhaps some unpleasant memories (“from the top of the world
trade center”) and the intact newscasts will clearly reflect
the troubles of the time, including a new york city fiscal crisis, and
the events of the three mile island nuclear disaster.  
jocks bill crowley and john vitiver are featured. matt seinberg
of “big apple airchecks” has a huge collection, and
contributed this one - many thanks matt!    





 don
perry wtry troy ny 1979. (2:51) twice
a billboard magazine dj of the year, perry, who graced the airwaves at
wrun, wtlb, kso des moines, the sconnix stations in oneonta ny and wvor
rochester, got out of radio and into real estate. 
      according to contributor 
 jeff moulton, perry still dreams
of that next big gig – as owner of a station. 
      thanks for letting us hear perry, and wtry in
’79 again jeff!    





 ron
robin wvbf boston 1974.  (4:05) contributor gary tompkins
writes:  "after his departure from wmex, and before his career
at wbz, ron was a mainstay at stereo 105. ron’s shows were
always light-hearted and upbeat and this aircheck is no exception.
although no longer in radio, as the owner of a provincetown restaurant
and nightclub he is still in touch with music, booking many regional
acts." thanks for this high fidelity champion, gary!     




 al
bandiero wifi philadelphia 1975. (3:29) radio
didn’t get much more high energy than wifi. 
      bandiero, fit the bill! 
      wifi went the way of most of those high energy teen
oriented operations… but it still amazing to hear to hear
the skill and precision used to carry off that energy. 
      matt
seinberg of big apple airchecks contributed this
great clip… thanks matt!    





 paul
flanigan wtry albany ny 1956. (8:55)
flanighan was a major personality in the albany market in the
1950’s and early sixties. 
      he worked at both ‘try and wptr throughout
his career, and even attempted a comeback in the 1970’s.
interesting aircheck, in that this doesn’t even come close to
what i expected to hear.  ‘try
was a rocker in ’56, but you’d never know it by
listening to this aircheck. the music leans decidedly mor, and
flanighan’s delivery is slow and chatty. 
      thanks to 
neil young (by way of aircheck hound  greg pattenaude) who wonders,
as do i… is this the way ‘try sounded overall in
1956?   
       




 greg
daniels wbmx boston 2003. (5:55) specifically recorded
5/21/03 during what was probably the worst rating book ‘bmx
has had in a long time. 
      daniels had been with station for many year, and
always puts out a good product; ‘bmx’s music has
been legendary, pioneering the “modern ac” format. daniels
move to nyc on mix 102.7 in 2004.  amazingly,
there’s some dead air on the aircheck. from my personal
collection.     




 damon
scott wtic-fm hartford ct 2003. (16:57)
scott’s been with the station a long time… that i
know of, over ten years.  i’ve
found him to be professional, quite cleaver, and able to produce some
rather creative production pieces for his afternoon drive program.  you hear some of that wit
and production, along with a couple of loose segues, and the same
bumper played two breaks in a row. from my personal collection.     





 funny
ebs test: early 1970’s. (1:07) during
the 60’s and 70’s, the ebs (emergency broadcast
system) was the system the us government utilized to alert the country
of disaster.  after
a myriad of problems surfaced (among them complacent station operators
and owners, faulty equipment and outmoded 1950’s technology)
replacement technology has been introduced. 
      but this ebs test, that effectively treats the test
as somewhat of a joke, was popular and actually used by many stations
in the 70’s.  doug fogg,
who has masqueraded as jeff
douglas (on albany ny’s wptr) and jay douglas (wrpi, same
market), and who now works at wtix-fm new orleans contributed this
piece of production. thanks doug!    





 mike
mitchell wtry troy ny 1970. 
      (9:30) mitchell did mid-days for a couple of years,
and later went to houston, milwaukee, and detroit, and is now at wtrg
in raleigh north carolina, and still doing mid-days as ron mckay.  mike/ron: 
      “staff when i
was there was bob connell, jim
brown, jay clark, mickey martin,  ronnie knight, michael j.
raymond......chip hobart (later).   jim brown brought me to woky,
milwaukee and later chip hobart joined the staff before heading to nyc,
etc.”  the
aircheck itself, not very well scoped by former albany radio nut john
campbell, was contributed by the generous neil
young.  you’ll be
hearing a lot of wtry over the coming months, as i have a ton of
‘em!   





 rick
kelly wvnr poultney vt 1985. 
      (5:17) co-owned and programmed by ken barlow (now vox
radio’s vp of programming) wvnr, on am with 1000 watts on
1340 and 15 miles outside of rutland, was the #3 rated station in the
market… even though they only covered about 1/3 of the
market!  i was
sitting in for barlow while he was on vacation (honeymoon, as a matter
of fact) for a week.  you’ll
hear some tanner jingles, and an audio chain set up myself and saga
communications’ cary pall.  from my personal
collection.    





 jeff
moulton wrun utica ny 1979. (7:19) moulton, who has
been working radio throughout new york’s western tier for the
last 30+ years worked for veteran programmer fred
horton when he was in utica. 
      ‘run was a tight top 40 operation at this
time, with lots of jingles and promotions. 
      thanks to 
jeff moulton for coming through with this cool
slice when, as he says, “radio was fun!”   





 robin
young wbz boston 1974. (14:40) young is a veteran
of boston media now working at wbur hosting the daily “here
and now” news magazine program. 
      past boston experiences include wbos (morning
drive), hosting “evening magazine” on wbz-tv, and
her television profiles for the former wnev-tv channel 7.  she has also worked for
all three major networks, with a stint on the “today
show”.  but
in 1974, young was doing a couple of overnights on ‘bz.  she was, and still is, a
well respected broadcaster in the boston market. 
      a cool contribution from 
joe fazio… thanks joe!     




 wtic
hartford ct sales presentation 1965. (12:59)  what a find… a
true “panoramic” view of ‘tic’s
broadcast schedule in the days before middle of the road music, casual
telephone talk, and women’s programs became passe’.  the presentation features
announcers frank atwood, bob steele (who had been at wtic a mere 29
years in ’65); robert e. smith; a
“women’s program” with jean colbert and
ed anderson; bill hennesey; dick bertel; bob nelson and art johnson.  from my personal
collection.     





 wccc
hartford ct composite 1972. (3:33) 
      this might not be what you think… wccc
was top 40 in 1972, not drifting to aor until 1974. 
      it’s an all to brief snapshot of
“all request triple c”, with the famous rusty potz,
“douger”, and dan walker. 
      a great contribution from  gary tompkins, my
thanks!    





 mark
fuller wizr johnstown ny 1968. (8:46)  here’s an
aircheck that exemplifies the sound of middle of the road small market
radio in the 1960’s.  playing
artists like ed ames, patty paige and perry como, fuller’s
early career (he was in high school on this aircheck) really started at
1000 daytimer wizr (930kc.). the
jingles, plentiful and entertaining are the icing on the cake!  thanks to   mark fuller
for another small market gem!    




 don
rossi wfbl syracuse ny 1980. (3:16) 
      another example of a mike joseph consulted
“hot hits” station, wfbl was one of those stations
that flamed in as “fire 14” and burned out about 1
½ years later, when they switched to “music of
your life”.  besides
the fact that this is a pretty good aircheck of rossi, it also features
a recorded promo mentioning the impending format change. good ol' steve mcvie of
stevemcvie.com was kind enough to contribute!     





 bob
harris wfly troy ny 1971. 
      (2:39)  an
unfortunately short aircheck of the stations last days before they
changed to beautiful music towards the end of 1971. 
      this aircheck is the last few minutes of
harris’s career at “the big 92”.  ‘fly of course
came back in the late 70’s – stronger than ever and
continues to be a top 40 powerhouse in the albany ny market.  contributed by  jeff douglas,
formerly of albany's wptr, and now on the air at wtix-fm in new orleans.  thanks jeff! 
  





 dick
burch when syracuse 1972.  (17:43)
contributor bob mitchell states
that burch worked in major markets as well as being saddled in syracuse
for a while. when was undoubtedly transitioning from being an old line
middle of the road station to becoming more contemporary, as many a/c
stations were in the early seventies.  burch
filled the bill as morning guy with a cross between risqué
and corny humor. 
      you also hear some commercials that sound oh so
1970’s. 
      btw, bob mitchell has his own web site, www.wolf1490.net
with history of wolf and some great airchecks of the big 15.  thanks
for your help, bob!     




 jim
rising waqy springfield ma 1980. stereo
broadband version 
      (2:45) it could just be my imagination, but this
sure sounds like the morning after rising fired yer buddy rick from
wacky… it would have been a sunday morning, the shift i
usually did (he fired me on a saturday afternoon.) 
      no matter… rising gets off a couple of
nice bits here and was always a great board operator and decent talent.  new contributor marty siegal sent
this off to me with (so he says) rising’s blessings.  thanks marty!     




 northeast
airchecks boston time tunnel iii.  (10:42) contributor bob swenson hits
us again with an another montage of boston radio from the
1950’s through 2000.  this
time, you’ll get snippets of
streeter stewart, charles laquidara, alan dary, bill marlow, vinny
peruzzy, norm nathan, larry glick, old time radio, jingles
from wmex, wods, wror, and a rare aircheck of the old wcop top 40 days.  another stunner
bob… thank you for your contributions!     




  dan nevereth wwkb buffalo 2/13/03. (24:33) recorded on a
chilly morning when the country was bracing for a terrorist attack,
long time buffalo radio star nevereth and sidekick/news guy tom donahue
manage to keep it up beat.  donahue’s
on news… wkbw “pulse beat news!”
dx’d from western massachusetts you’ll hear a lot
of that characteristic am radio fading that many in the northeast grew
up listening to the on great ‘kb.     




 jackson
armstrong wwkb buffalo 2/13/03. (10:14)
      recorded the same day as the nevereth aircheck from
western massachusetts 400 miles from buffalo, the voice tracked
armstrong experience is great listening… needless to say,
he’s as good as he ever was! 
      ‘kb is also using a lot of their old
jingles, and is featuring production and bumpers done by the by
‘kb vet don berns.     




 bill
freeman wvbf boston 1975. 
      (8:26) all night guy “benevolent
bill” had a great all night act on the old wvbf.  sounding like a kind of
high energy burn out was his act… and he was effective and
it was great fun listening to him. 
      the second break features a promo for a personal
appearance by budd ballou.  wvbf
is a station boston folks are often nostalgic for… not only
as a home for bud ballou, but for what was an unusual mix of top 40 and
album cuts.  my
thanks to collector gary
tompkins for this ultra-cool 70’s
contribution.     





the
final northeast weather round up on the northeast radio network. (5:21) the february 2003 edition of popular
communications magazine featured an article on this network
of fm stations in new york state. 
      contributor 
roger fenn says that the aircheck is
it’s from june 4, 1968.  the live roundups were
produced twice each morning at northeast master control, weiv,a
studio-transmitter location atop connecticut hill, near ithaca. weather
roundup was engineered using step telemetry pulses sent on subcarrier,
which accounts for the pauses between reports from along the network.
the commands would change the originating source of the
network during the show. weather observers were at affiliated stations
which fed to receivers at one of the five northeast owned stations on
high locations across the state. the western reports were fed from a
receiver at wbiv in wethersfield, and the eastern reports from a
receiver at wjiv in cherry valley. other owned stations were wmiv,
bristol center, woiv deruyter. in fact, in the '60s, most network news
and music programming was live 24/7 from weiv. back then, 
 master
control also could take transmitter readings  and operate all
the owned stations, power up/down, run generator, etc. with this step
telemetry system. the network was created by agway as the 'rural radio
network' for farmers. agway sold it to woody erdman of ithaca, who used
it in the 60's to network n.y. giants football. erdman sold it to
chenango & unadilla telephone as c&u broadcasting.
after the 'last roundup', the network was sold by c&u
broadcasting to pat robertson. (many years later the network was broken
up by the sale of properties individually.) 
      be prepared to hear much dead air, and some
sentimental words from the announcers on this last “weather
round-up”.  and
my thanks to roger fenn for this unique aircheck. 
  






 chip
hobart wtry albany ny 1969.
(13:06) yeah, it’s the chip hobart…
who worked in boston at wrko in the 70’s and whtt in the
80’s.  the
aircheck also features a boat load of spliced (and original) station
jingles, contest promos, and local production.
“it’s groovy”… and
it’s from the seemingly never ending collection of radio
historian neil young.
        
       




 greaseman
wrc washington dc 1973. (2:51) ahh…
those days of am top 40… nbc owned wrc had the unusual
personality of the greaseman and big money cash call jackpots!  later, the greasy one was
lured to wpop hartford ct to do morning drive during their last days.
real name:  doug
tracht, got himself into trouble a few years ago by making some
inflammatory racial s on the air. 
      from frequent contributor neil young – my
thanks neil!   
       




 ken
gilbert waqy springfield ma 1979. (2:47) gilbert
did afternoon drive on wacky102 for a couple years, and also went on to
work at wdrc hartford and the country station in bloomfield ct on 1550
whose old call letters escape me now. 
      gilbert had a habit of making obscure references
to… well, whatever he was referring to. 
      gilbert later went back to his native vermont.  allan camp, pd and
morning talent at wrch hartford sent this one to me, saying
“i had one of those sanyo car radios that had a cassette
record function.  i was driving from springfield vermont to
springfield mass to be interviewed for a job at wkze on cape
cod when i caught this one.”  thanks
allan… this brought back some memories!     




 roger
q. fenn wtko ithaca ny 1967. (13:53)
there’s a lot to like about this aircheck from upstate new
york.  first of all,
‘tko used a lot of production elements… lots of
jingles (mostly spliced up) weather beds, a newscast with teletype in
the back ground… a real teletype machine across the
room… several “positioners like “wtko
swinging radio”; “ithaca’s new
love” and “the top 31”. 
      there’s a lot tape echo, and
roger’s throwing of switches is all very audible.  roger now works as a
public relations and communication consultant in the portland, me area.  my thanks  roger fenn…
it’s been a gas!    





wtic hartford ct salutes bob steele. on friday,.december 6, 2002
longtime wtic morning man and connecticut radio legend bob steele died
at the age of 91.  for
those of you not familiar with steele, he worked at one radio station
– wtic – for his entire radio career.  he started at wtic in 1936
– and continued working there (very part time) until november
of 2002.  incredibly,
his radio career spanned seven decades. 
      in addition, he did mornings six days a
week… even when he was in his late seventies!














































steele’s.show was filled with elements
that might not have been unusual in the 1940 and ‘50s, but
certainly extraordinary for late 20th century
radio.  the show
regularly featured musical selections like sousa marches, short
classical pieces, and novelty records. 
      other features included steele’s
“word of the day”, poetry readings, and corny jokes.  throughout the years and
wtic’s migration from old style middle of the road to a more
adult contemporary approach in the late 1970’s, and toward
news/talk in the 90’s, steele’s show remained the
same. 














































the program
saluting steele was broadcast the morning of december 7, hosted by
wtic’s long standing sports announcer arnold dean; dean
himself started at wtic in 1965.  glen
coligan co-hosted, coligan was the producer of steele’s once
monthly saturday morning show.  i
managed to aircheck many segments of the program, where many of
steele’s faithful listeners phoned in their remembrances;
they are located (1), (2),
      (3).  dean and coligan did
several segments on personal remembrances; (1).  scott gray did some
outstanding and touching pieces on his professional and personal
relationship with steele; they are located (1),
      (2).  one of my favorite
segments of steele’s program was his announce of
wtic’s change of directional signal pattern every morning,
which he called the “antenna
switch”.  wtic’s
news department did segments on steele all morning long (1),
      (2);
(1) features a brief aircheck of steele’s last show in
november of 2002. two poetry readings were featured; you can hear “albert
and the lion” and “the
return of albert”. steele even did
“bits” occasionally on the show: two are featured
here – one is steele’s “audition”
to do baseball play by play, and once weekly, steele
read mail he received from his listeners. 
      arnold dean tells one of
steele's favorite
jokes. steele’s favorite records got
played as well; “two
buffaloes” by rolf harris and “angelina”
by louie prima both got airplay on wtic’s salute to
steele.  the
salute ended with a sousa march, and a great moment where
wtic actually dropped their 50,000 watt signal for 20 seconds marking
the passing of bob steele.  as
arnold dean states at the end of the broadcast... "thanks,
bob."     





 joe
niagara wcau-fm philadelphia, pa 1975.  (9:45) contributor gary tompkins
writes: “even though this was dx recorded in springfield (ma)
the quality sounds like it came from the philly ‘burbs.  info on niagara (and other
great philly jocks) can be found at the philadelphia radio tribute
site: philaradio.com” 
      thanks for this great contribution, gary!    




 wibg
philadelphia pa, the end. (5:03)
philadelphian’s take their radio seriously, and the loss of
wibg in 1977 marked a change in radio history.  but owner
fairbanks communications let wibg go out with a bang in september of
1977, and this clip from neil
young gives you a taste of it.  the
last hour and a half of wibg is available from
philaradio.com.  thanks to neil for catching it live! 
  





 gary
bridges wzzd philadelphia, pa 1977. 
(3:12) wibg became the decidedly low key top 40
“wizard 100” under then pd 
kevin metheny.  the
station tried the format for about a year, then went religion.  from part of cary pall's
collection that i dubbed sometime in the mid 1980's.     




 
the big 8 cklw
reunion 10/19/02.  the evening of october 19, 2002
news/talk station cklw windsor ontario canada presented an on-air three
hour long reunion of jocks, newspeople and other ck employees from the
60's, 70's and 80's.  it's a great special, hosted by ck's
charlie o'brian, with ck reminiscences, airchecks and
interviews. it was recorded in toledo ohio, off a denon tuner
set to wideband mode on to vhs tape by my good friend of the last 30
years cary pall.  my thanks
to cary for getting this tape to me! 

 segment one. (36:28) the ck jocks
attending  charlie o'brian, ted
richards, bill gable, mike kelly, scott miller, tom shannon and joe
evans, feature a lot of great airchecks of ck, some
pre-dating the "drake" years, and phone interview with former ck jock  steve hunter.
segment
two. (55:56) the former ck jocks continue
with a phone interview with detroit radio legend and former big 8
morning man  dick purtan. 
purtan was doing mornings at kenr/13 when ck was first shaking up the
market. in addition to more airchecks, you hear a segment on ck's
legendary engineering department that includes 
ed butterbaugh the ce who talks about ck's great signal
and audio processing. the last part of this segment profiles ck's news
department, with  dick smyth, joe
donovan, grant hudson, jay nelson, traffic reporter and
spouse of  byron macgregor, jojo
macgregor; randall carlisle, and a ton of others
discussing ck's highly sensationalized 20/20 news. 
segment
three.  (22:02) the 20/20 news team
continues, ing on the "somewhat sensationalized" ck news. 
additionally, there's interview with 
judy holm and michael mcnamara, who are putting together a
tv documentary on ck for the history channel canada. 
segment
four. (46:21) ck's music is profiled, including a
segment with detroit musician 
dennis coffey, and music director 
rosalee trombley.  office staff were in
attendance here too.  then, 
ben friedman from jingleuniversity.com talks about the big
8 jingle packages.  most famous were probably the johnny mann
singers package used by the rko general stations in the late sixties
and early seventies. the end has everyone getting in the studio to
mention all those not present, and for a final group sing of the old ck
top hour id.  
       




 don
berns wdrc hartford ct 1967. (17:10) berns
has been all over the northeast us and canada entertaining using quick
wit, and ‘drc was one of the first stops in his successful
career that continues today.  the
great piece of tape was compliments of regular contributor jim kaye. 
  





 don
berns wtry troy ny 1970. (6:39)  some might “cry
foul” at this aircheck, which documents berns first few
minutes on the air on ‘try after leaving wdrc. and
let’s face it, generally, your first time on a new gig is
difficult – but berns hangs in there and manages to be
cleaver and exhibit (as was typical of the time) some non-political
correctness.  berns
wasn’t at ‘try long – it was almost like
he just got off the wrong exit on the new york state thruway on the way
to wkbw, buffalo.  with
marginal audio quality, it’s still a great slice, from neil young. 
  





 larry
lujack on wcfl chicago 1973. (3:43)  for years, he switched
back and forth between wcfl and wls… finally settling on wls
where he ended his full time radio career. 
      he is still remembered and revered by chicagoland
radio listeners. this brief “clunk letter of the
day” really showcases lujack’s timing and humor.  there was no one on radio
who could pause for comedic effect like lujack (except maybe... jack
benny!)  from neil young’s
collection!   
       




 northeast
airchecks time tunnel ii .
      (17:07) our first “time tunnel”
that debuted in may of 2002 has proven to be one our most popular
offerings, and this one from contributor bob swenson
equals the quality and nostalgia of the first! 
      you’ll hear more boston area clips of  arnie ginsburg, jess cain, dave maynard,
johnny most, carl desuze, snips of whdh (their last
minutes) wcas, wrko, wmex and (as they say) much, much more!  my thanks to bob for this
great montage… can’t wait for part 3! 
  





 fenway
on wmex boston ma 1964. (18:06) which
“fenway” is it? though a “house
jock” name for years, this fenway is none other than the
renowned jack gale.  probably best known as the
pd of ways in their heyday, gale started in radio in 1944…
and is still working!  jack
has his own web site… www.jackgaleradio.com,
and his own book, “same time, same station” that
describes his years of working in the ‘biz. (jack was kind
enough to send me a copy… and it sure is a fun read!) jack
told me that  mac richmond 
called him to complain about his air work 11 times the morning of this
aircheck!  sounding
like it was recorded right off the ‘mex board,
you’ll enjoy the pams jingles, jack’s cast of
characters (all his voice) sports and newscasts. 
      thanks to jack for this sound of radio the way it
was!   
       




 tom
doyle wcoz boston ma 1983. (9:32) after  john’s sebastian’s
“kick ass rock and roll” meteoric rise –
and crash – ‘coz tried a rather eclectic pop format
for a while, with pd  andy carey
and doyle in the morning. the format and the morning show
didn’t work, but doyle went on to be an integral part of the  loren and wally morning show
on wvbf and wror in boston.  you’ll
hear some flashes of doyle brilliance in this aircheck from the
archives of ace contributor 
steve ordinetz. 
      thanks steve!     




 wgng
pawtucket ri composite 1972. (3:20) wgng,
with 1000 watts at 550am switched from an oldies format (the g-n-g
stood for “gold n’ great) to top 40 under
consultant  john rook
in ’72, in
direct competition with then format king, wpro-am. sounding decidedly
different from wpro, there was hope that they would be
competitive… but, like past and future wpro competitors,
wgng’s top 40 format was not to survive. they sure were fun
to listen to while it lasted, though. radio historian neil young
captured this one live on his radio shack cassette recorder. 
  





 bill
lenke wtic-fm hartford 1979.  (15:09) one of northeast
airchecks most popular offerings over the past few years has been the
aircheck of lenke (aka bill lee of wktu, nyc) and this latest one from steve mcvie
clearly conveys the kind of energy that lenke is/was known for. mike
joseph was the consultant brought in after wtic-fm switched to top 40
from classical… the pacing on this one might leave you
gasping!   
       




  j.j.
allen wtxl west springfield ma 1970. (4:56) new contributor gary tompkins
writes: “this aircheck may be one of the best continuing
rank-outs by a dj on an engineer. it also provides a look back in time
when this little station was trying to compete with market leader
‘hyn. despite poor audio, an inadequate da, and one-fifth the
power, they did manage to grab a share of the teenybopper audience. the
engineer who was the butt of allen’s jokes was ray frankel.
ray, at that time, was also contract ce for day-timers wace, and wtym
(where i worked with ray). through pure serendipity i had a tape
rolling on 1490 that night. incidentally, ray had already left the
station and was driving home, (and nearly off the road), when allen
began his diatribe.”  what
a treat to hear wtxl again!  thanks
gary!   
       




 bob
and ray whdh boston ma 1948. (30:00) no, i'm not
kidding!  bob eliot and ray goulding
graced the airwaves on wins, wor, the cbs network, broadway, tv (as
"bert and harry peils" in the 1950's) and many other places throughout
their career.  but it was at whdh where they first met and
teamed up to do their brand of dry, sophisticated humor.  if
you've ever heard of wally ballou, einbeinder flypaper or the mcbeebee
twins, than you've heard bob and ray.  this aircheck, which
sounds like it came off a transcription disk, includes a great bit
about an obnoxious game show host, musical interludes, and a commercial
for that new coming thing, television.  from my personal
collection.   




 dan
ingram wabc new york 1961. (17:04) big dan, only a
few months after he started at 'abc.  this is an aircheck of
incredible fidelity and performance quality. ingram is of course, of
monumental talent... as a youngster i recall being most impressed with
his wit, and they way his voice sounded in that booming reverb on
wabc... and i grew up 150 miles from nyc!  this contribution
comes from radio archivist neil
young!     




 rick
kelly whuc hudson ny 1976. (10:29) although in an
extremely small market, you'll hear some state of the art (1976)
formatics, along with abc network news, small town spots, cue burned
records, and a warning to "always be informed of the correct time by
looking for the big 'huc fluorescent clock at any of these fine area
merchants... !" recorded off the 'huc air monitor at 7.5 ips full
track, the station's audio quality should be quite evident.     





 mark
fuller on wlfh little falls ny in 1972.  fuller tells me he made
several mohawk valley career moves during the ‘70’s,  including wizr and
waly… you’d love the “sounds of better
music” – from “wonderful wlfh”
– middle of the road music and old, old jingles!  thanks for this
contribution, mark!   
       




 jeff
moulton on wlfh little falls ny 1973.  by ’73,
‘lfh had decided to move a little more uptempo, doing album
rip-offs and playing more current music. contributor
      moulton is another mohawk valley grad, and has
worked at wrun, wtlb and is now at oldies wbbf doin’ nights.  thanks for the small
market gem, jeff!   
       




 wpop
hartford montage 1975.   the title says
it all!  jingles and
jock breaks from the early days to the last days of wpop!  you’ll be amazed
at the talent that went through the station! 
      my favorite part is the snips from the fake drake
format years… wow!  my
thanks to  roger fenn
for this nifty offering!     




 northeast
airchecks boston time tunnel vol. 1.  (14:25) 
      how indebted am i to new contributor bob swenson for this
piece?  lots!  bob personally produced it
for northeast airchecks, and you’ll discover tons and tons of
aircheck clips, jingles, and id’s from worcester and boston
ma.  this is another
offering you gotta listen to a couple of times to catch everything!  wmex, wbz, wrko, worc and
whdh are among the many stations featured, and some of the air talents
you’ll hear will be jess cain, jean shepard, alan dary, bill
marlow, dick summer, dave maynard, jj jeffrey and lots more!     




 ron
landry on wdrc hartford ct 1965.  (29:55) 
      it’s amazing to hear what morning radio
sounded like 37 years ago.  this
aircheck is quite typical of the time, with landry’s show
featuring character bits, drop-ins and corny jokes. 
      you also hear a lot of ‘drc’s
production that featured a contest to see the beatles, and what sounds
like an actual gospel record (“inspirational
moment”!)  landry
was a true pro, who later went on to be part of los angeles morning
team hudson and landry.  they even released a
record, “ajax liquor store” that got some radio
airplay in 1971.  sadly, landry
passed away in september of 2002. thanks to continuing
supporter “big tuna” jim kaye for another
great contribution.     




 sandy
beach wkbw buffalo ny 1969.  (21:59) 
      what happens when beach ends up on after midnight
when the all night guy is a no call no show? 
      you’ll find out in this vastly
entertaining slice of night from the great ‘kb radio.  those guys at
‘kb always had a blast on the air… and beach of
course is a buffalo radio legend! 
      from the vast and amazing archives of continuing
supporter steve ordinetz! 
       
       




  ferdinand b wptr albany ny 1970.  (4:56) 
      his last half hour ever on wptr… where he
apparently got wind that he was going to be fired (my guess would be
that the next weeks schedule got posted somewhere, and his name was
missing from it...)  he
decided to talk about it on the air. 
      no matter… he returned to airwaves soon
after as craig stevens
on wfly troy ny.  from
my personal collection.     




  billy st. john wptr albany ny 1970.  (8:10) st. john, who was
best known as wcbs-fm and cklw’s max
kinkel, conquered the airwaves in the
kingston-poughkeepsie ny market before moving to wptr (and later
shifting to rival wtry as “max stuart”.)  you’ll hear a
little of the guy who later became “super max” on
the old ck… along with some uh… marginal board
work, live spots (like for a 1971 toyota) and of course, wptr jingles
and reverb!  from
the collection of   neil
young.     




 wrow albany ny jingles, 1959. 
      (10:06) contributor   neil young writes:  “wrow
had a brief run as a top 40 station in ‘59. they were
consulted by the legendary mike joseph, who would enjoy great success
with wabc, wpro (am) and wtic (fm), among others. wrow's jock lineup
included bruce bradley, geoff
davis, mark edwards and a guy joseph hired away from
wtry, "tall paul" james.
wrow's new chr format turned a lot of heads, but it was not to be.
their two biggest obstacles: they were joining an already-three-station
battle with well-established heavy hitters wtry and wptr and
newcomer waby. worse yet, wrow was crippled by a commitment to run a
heavy load of cbs programming. the rocker's entire midday was filled by
the likes of  arthur godfrey, garry
moore, art linkletter's house party and at least three
soap operas - not the type of fare to attract young listeners
in the summer of '59. although wrow's chr life was far too short, the
memories live on for many of us.”  a great package
neil!  thanks!!     




 christopher
lydon interviews arnie "woo woo" ginsburg on wtkk boston 2001. (39:00) 
it was just great to hear former wmex boston star ginsburg on the air
again in this interview with well regarded boston news-talk person
chris lydon.  besides some great memories of arnie, the
interview features a segment with radio talk pioneer  jerry williams.  it's
amazing to hear ginsburg... he sounds exactly the same as he did in the
early days.  from my personal collection.     




 nyc
radio montage of the 60's and 70's. (13:30) 
i was reminded of this great edit of various nyc production and
airchecks by listening to former wxrk and wnew-fm jock  pete fornatale on fordham
university's wfuv.  it is a fine piece of work... featuring
almost every nyc jock and station you can think of... and also features
newscasters and themes as well. it was put together by  peter mokover years ago...
fornatale fondly calls this "the ghosts of new york radio
past".  i'd suggest several listens to this gem...
so you don't miss a moment!  as it's available from www.reelradio.com,
it's here for a limited time only.  from my personal
collection.     




 wsny
schenectady ny radio race contest 1970.  (1:42) 
      there’s three interesting characteristics
of this all to brief aircheck of wsny: 
      the “radio race” was a popular
promotion that a lot of stations did (or did similar versions of)
during the sixties and early seventies. 
      you’ll note on the promo that the jocks
names are listed and in a simulated “horse race”.  additionally, note that
the jocks names are those of former presidents and notables from
american history.  that
was wsny’s angle as “the home of the all
americans”.  it
was definitely unique!  finally,
you’ll note reverb on the aircheck, and although all three
albany market am top 40’s used it, for wsny, it was only for
a brief period (as i recall.)  
      contributor dennis
jackson always comes through with the coolest
stuff… thanks den!     




 wpjb
providence ri composite 1975.  (7:10) 
      our first providence contribution is a neat
time-trek back 26 years ago, when “jb-105” was in
competition with market king wpro. 
      your hear jocks 
bill silver, mickey ashworth and todd chase among the
blips on this one… along with the then famous jb-105 whisper
shouts.  it’s
a contribution from steve
mcvie of stevemcvie.com, which also features
streaming airchecks!  huge
thanks for this one steve!    





johnny
tripp on wfea manchester nh 1971.  (21:14)
contributor  steve ordinetz
says of this aircheck:  “he
was their night jock (though this was taped on a sunday afternoon) and
pretty much owned that slot from 1968-74. 
      i think this was his only radio gig: he started when
he was still in high school, when he graduated college he, as they say
got a haircut and a real job (accountant). 
      interesting   story
behind the jingles wfea used here. 
      wfea's gm at the time was notoriously cheap.  pd was bugging him for a
new package.  he
went to berklee and got some students to produce these for him.  cost was minimal
(duplicate albums?).  sound
as good as many commercial packages. 
      for some reason, around this time they had all the
jocks use "cute" airnames...(jt used that one all along) others
included hap hazzard, tom foolery & granny goose.”  the aircheck features (for
you news freaks) a full five minute abc contemporary network newscast,
as well all the spots left in unscoped. 
      my thanks again to steve ordinetz
for another piece of history!     





 nick
nickson sr. wbbf rochester ny 1963.  (20:42)
nickson, a rochester legend and long term ‘bbf employee was
doing afternoon drive on this, a cold (nine degree!) winter day.  you’ll
hear some pre-british invasion top 40 music, the wbbf weather wardrobe
(wearing a coat and overshoes are suggested), lots of car dealership
spots, and a promo for a brahms selection to be broadcast later on
sister classical station wbbf-fm! 
      thanks to vox radio’s steve ordinetz for
another selection from his vast aircheck collection!  
   




 
  nick nickson jr.
wbbf rochester ny 1975.  (5:21) nickson jr. is
indeed the son of rochester 50's-60's on-air legend nick nickson, sr.  the younger nickson went
on to become the play-by-play announcer for the los angeles kings
hockey team broadcasts, a position he continues to hold today.  provided through the
generous donation of listener cary
pall.  
  





  jim
rivers wbbf rochester ny 1975. 
      (3:35) 
contributor cary pall writes
that jim rivers' real name is jim hazeltine. he spent
about five years at bbf as pd, then midday jock and flew the traffic
plane in am & pm drive (was known as the red baron during the
mark driscoll days of "the new bbf"). 
      after being unceremoniously dumped by
‘bbf, he returned to his native kentucky, where he programmed
lexington rock station wkqq for a number of years. he is a really good
guy and a pro through and through. 
      (rick notes:  an
internet search for him indicates he contributes regularly to www.philyradio.com.) 
         




  power
oldies  




 rod
hill on wdot burlington vt 1978. 
(3:15)  this aircheck, from the winter of 1978 features hill,
now pd of wkol (kool 105 in the burlington/plattsburgh market). he did
his first jock stint at wdot... when he was 15 years old! 
hill was also involved in the early days of america online (his aol
email address has only three letters!)  contributor den jackson also
tells me that hill is working on developing a web site solely dedicated
to the history of wdot - can't wait for that one!  and stay
tuned until the end of the aircheck for the great "14dot" shotgun
jingle!  great thanks to you for the contribution,
den!      




 wavz
new haven ct composite 1973. 
(22:46)  from december of that year, you'll hear the operation
owned by kops-monahan communications that influenced many programmers
for years. wavz was unique in that it sounded "major" but
maintained a strong small market presence.  there's a lot of
great talent on this aircheck, including 
mason dixon, brian phoenix, quincy mccoy, tom britain and ron foster. 
listen and enjoy this great contribution from radio archivist neil young. 
    




 dick
robinson on wdrc hartford 12/31/67.  (32:30) 
      northeast airchecks featured a segment of this aircheck
where robinson counts down the year end big d survey.  that
segment featured hits # 90-75 on the countdown, and i'm pleased that
the big tuna jim kaye
has recovered another segment of this now 34 year old aircheck,
featuring # 74-34 as another listener year end
treat!  (to check out the other segment, click here.) 
the aircheck is loosely telescoped (although i must admit, i left as
much of "i can't stop lovin' you" by the last word as i could - such a
great old ct hit!)  if this don't take you back to 1967,
nothin' will!  my thanks to jim for his many continuing
contributions to this site!   
  





 lee
roberts wtic-fm hartford ct 1978.  (9:38)  another
“hot hits” aircheck courtesy of steve mcvie!  roberts made his way at a
number of stations… he was at wcfr springfield vt (where so
many of us got our start), wavz/new haven ct, 99x/new york city, and
wicc/bridgeport ct.  and
now…?  the
aircheck is a winner… lots o’ music…
jingles, and mike joseph influence!     




 ken
barlow on wcfr springfield vt 1976.  (2:49)  i kinda
doubt this is an actual aircheck – it sounds more like a
studio version to me… but it is cool to catch the current vp
of programming for the vox radio group doing up a tape in order to find
a gig!  it’s
another embarrassing moment, and we are… entertained!  thanks to clear
channel’s cary
pall and his boxes of tapes for this one!      




  wnbc
becomes “the new sound of wnbc” 1977.  (3:20) 
      after floundering for years as an mor
and ac also ran, with nbc radio news on the hour hockey and basketball
games, wnbc decided to hire bob pittman and get into serious
competition with wabc and 99x. 
      the change was… well… less
than spectacular and rather low key. 
      here’s the first few minutes, with johnny
dark the last jock on the “old” wnbc –
then an announcement from pittman himself, and then a couple of breaks
from the great lee masters. 
      new contributor neil young
found this one for me… thanks neil!     




 neil
young on waqy springfield ma 1977.  (3:48) a familiar voice in
springfield ma, (waqy and wmas-fm) hartford ct (wrcq), the hudson
valley of ny (wkny, whuc), and albany ny (wptr, whrl) as neil van
patten.  this tape
of neil goes back to the days when everyone wanted their station to
sound like wnnnnbc (with bob pittman at the helm.) 
      neil was smooth though... and is still on the air at
kfyi in phoenix.  thanks
to  cary pall 
for this gift!     




 wfbl
syracuse ny sales demo, 1980.  for about 18 months, 'fbl
became a legendary mike joseph consulted "hot hits" station, and this
grand contribution by cape cod’s makkay radio guy  steve mcvie
offers a composite aircheck of the station's jocks, and of course, a
sales pitch about the "mass appeal" of the station. 
      mcvie is a bona fide “hot hits”
fan… his web site is www.stevemcvie.com.  there will be more of wfbl
from steve coming up!     




 wptr
sales demo 1968.  you’ll listen to
it and figure out pretty quick that the breaks were contrived in the
production studio – just compare this to the actual airchecks
of wptr.  still,
it’s great to hear ‘ptr’s sales
department interpretation of the station’s sound.  listen carefully for the
orange motors mustang spot done by albany tv anchor ed dague.  this presentation is
another winner from ace contributor 
gary liebisch, who told me
“borrowed” the original from ‘ptr pd j.w.
wagner’s office.  the
jock staff breaking into the pd’s office? 
      never heard a story like that before! :)     




 george
mcgrail waqy springfield ma 1980. 
(3:26) better known as ken mcgrail to folks in the albany
ny and portland me markets, he hit the “big time”
segueing from local radio in southbridge, ma to doing the all night
show at the legendary wacky 102. he's now doing
a pd/morning gig at wqez (104.7 kennebunkport, me). this one,
contributed by clear channel’s cary
pall will take you back to those days of cheesy
fm top 40.  hear it
in  broadband stereo
by clicking here.
  





 whyn
springfield ma jingles, 1960’s.  (11:44)
      with all the whyn tribute websites disappeared,
maybe it’s time for me to continue the tradition…
but without goin’ belly up! 
      these pams cuts from the collection of the great jim kaye,
sure sound like a mix of series 32 (“swiszle”) and
series 33 (“fun”) with unusual vocals by trella hart.
even tough i never heard ‘hyn in those days, i’ll
bet they were played to death on the station. 
      they are, of course, delightful! 
      thanks, jim!      




 jay
stone 99x nyc 1979. (12:05)  sadly, it was reported that jay stone was
recently killed in a car accident in hawaii in late 2001. he was 55
years old.     




 den
jackson's production reel #1. (4:19)
from den's great archive of airchecks, jingles, and old
spots you hear the following:  a pepsi commercial from 1963,
(featuring the lovely vocal stylings of miss joanie sommers); a
rheingold beer jingle; a palisades amusement park spot from the early
sixties; the wrow/albany ny news intro from the sixties and early
seventies; a promo blooper for wrip/windham ny's "remember when" oldies
show with  bill lawrence;
and finally, a 1973 contest promo from wavz/new haven ct. 
thanks for this great listen, den!      




 wkss
hartford ct switches format 1984. (3:41)
makin' a big radio splash, wkss went from beautiful music to top 40 in
the fall of '84, and yours truly caught it on tape.  many
folks don't realize that it took ten years for kiss to finally over
take rival wtic-fm.     




 tom
casey on wkss hartford ct 1985. (4:56) not
the same  tom casey
who worked in the albany market during the 80's, this aircheck
showcases some of the production and format elements of the then "95
point seven, kiss-fm" (as opposed to todays "kiss 95 point
seven")  from my personnel collection.     




 wxkw/troy
ny jingles 1965. (1:15) the long gone wxkw
(500 w daytimer on 1600 am, and originally on 850 am in the 1950's )
was a favorite station of mine as a kid, because they changed format
often... you never knew what was next.  these jingles, from
their era as a "soul" formatted station are a blast! 
contributor den jackson wrote about 'em:  "those were original
wxkw pepper-tanner jingles (out of memphis) from a tape i made in their
studios in the hendrick hudson hotel in downtown troy, june 2,
1965!   i loved their music, and so went down after
signoff and recorded jingles and records through their gates level
devil processor onto a wollensak reel to reel.  i
took that same original tape this week and lifted those
jingles.  they're from the same campy package as "the
westchester happening sound" used on wrnw 107.1 fm in mt. kisco (where
i did weekends in the summers of 1967 and 1968), and that were the
model for the jingles in the infamous "wvwa becomes 'nine'" parody.
hearing them again, they did sound pretty good!   the
style was maybe not as hip as pams, but they were neat and well
done.  my favorite is, "here's another sound with soul... that
never grows old!"  these must have been the "whitest" singers
in memphis!    ;~}"  my thanks den
for these great memory makers!     




  bill
lenke on wtic-fm hartford ct 1978. 
(9:57)  doing his act of rhymin' liners, lenke now does it on
wktu in nyc!  but in '78, he was the night guy on mike joseph
consulted "96 tix".  lenke is excellent, and you'll hear a lot
of joseph format elements here... like jingles (everywhere!) even into
stop sets.  big thanks to mike
bugaj for this killer piece of work!     




 johnny
donovan on wor-fm new york 1971. (7:20) 
listenin' to this... well, you know john was having an off night... i
mean, he blows the first few intros... but still, ain't it great to
hear the old 'or-fm, those grand drake double a jingles, and donovan
all over again?  (special featurette: one break from marc
driscoll at the beginning.) the mike
bugaj connection again came through with this
one!  thanks mike!     




 howie
castle on radio caroline 1967. 
(5:55)  imagine yourself in kenitra, morocco... about 150
miles north of casablanca... you're desperate to hear some top 40
radio... and there it is... radio caroline, at 1520kc and the jock on
the air is named bud ballou!  the audio quality is poor,
fading in and out - and yet... it's intriguing listening! 
this great sound contributed by mike
bugaj is a new classic!  upon receipt
of this tape, which was just labeled "radio caroline, 1967 kenitra,
morocco" i was unaware and nearly fell off my chair in researching that
it truly is well known syracuse radio guy castle!  for those
who are not aware, radio caroline (named for john f. kennedy's
daughter, caroline) broadcast from the waters off great britain at a
time when rock and roll was scarcely heard on the radio there... and
believe it or not, they are still on the air!     




 wptr
promos from 1967.  (1:40) fast
paced and funny, these promos seem to have a tom shovan stamp on
them... they just sound like his work.  shovan was the night
jock at wptr in '67.  they are the "kewlest", and thanks to
another new contributor, group owner 
dennis jackson (wrip, upstate new york and wmex
in new hampshire, etc.) for these gems!     




 jeff
douglas on wptr albany ny 1972. (5:51) 
      doug fogg,
an rpi alumnus (and now of lockheed martin and wtix-fm in new orleans)
replaced guy hill on the all night show on 'ptr in the early
seventies.  fogg did a lot of great work on wptr and wrpi in
the late sixties and early seventies, and this is a fine piece of
work!  it's also one of several airchecks that was contributed
as an emailed mp3 file.  thanks so much doug for this
contribution!     




 charlie
fox on wrko boston 1973.  (4:36) 
except for dale dorman (of course) fox was probably the best jock on
'rko during the summer of '73.  he was definitely "on" this
day.  it's "likeable"... and from my personal
collection.   
       




 roy
reynolds on wptr 1968.  (4:58) 
      i remember this guy as the mid day jock on 'ptr (you'll
hear am drive guy "charlie brown" signing off at the beginning of this
aircheck)...  reynolds was certainly enthusiastic! 
you also hear some 'ptr jingles of course... although someone with a
razor blade and splicing block had been at 'em!  thanks to   gary liebisch
for coming through with this classic!     




 don
berns on wkbw buffalo 1971. 
(4:45)  my friend dale patterson of rock
radio scrapbook  will love
this one!  a goodie contributed from the lafayette tape
recorder archives of young dx'er named john gabriel! 
       
       




 chuck
phelan on wptr albany ny 1968. 
(3:33)  phelan was a familiar fixture at
wrpi troy ny during the 1960's, and played a huge role in putting wrpi
on their tower in north greenbush at that time.  he also
though worked part time at 'ptr - where you'll get to hear those 'ptr
jingles everyone loved.  you can read more about chuck at www.wrpi.org, just
click on their "history" section.  it's another fine
contribution from gary
liebisch.     




 jimi
roberts on wplj nyc 1984.  (5:22) 
remember when chr stations did dead segues?  well, this
aircheck features a few, along with some great production and
jingles.  i was reminded of this one from my collection when i
heard roberts on the air in florida while vacationing there.     




 john
goodhue on wcfr springfield vt 1970. 
(13:24)  ok, maybe a medication change was needed for john...
was he really that down about his on-air job?  it's a fine
representation of 'cfr's format, though, which at the time contained
such basics as "don't say the call letters!  everyone knows
who we are!"  and "don't play too many jingles, people will
get sick of them" and my personal favorite "talk slower... i can't
understand what you're saying when you talk too fast!"  give
it a listen, if you dare!  my thanks to former 'cfr staff  steve ordinetz
for the gift of piece-o-work!     




 shadoe
stevens on khj los angeles in 1970. 
(8:09)  ok, ok, l.a. is not in the northeast, but i couldn't
resist putting this classic up for you to hear.  shadoe
drifted from wrko boston to khj, and this aircheck, where he is sitting
in for the real don steele is a tight and upbeat treat.  from
my personal collection, don't miss it!      




  john
gabriel on wptr albany ny 1972. (7:21)  
it's a super 50's solid gold weekend on 'ptr, with john doing the all
request show!  among the benefits of doing the shift are
cheesy spring reverb, phones ringing off the wall, each and every
record running less than two minutes in length, and reading your own
news!  what a great business radio
is!  another contribution from  donn jennett,
a frequent contributor to www.reelradio.com.     




  bill
lowell on wptr albany ny in 1972. 
(4:30)  lowell has gone by several radio names over his
career, and is probably best known as albany area oldies guru  bill lawrence,
currently on wrip windham, ny.  his work on this "retro 50's
weekend" was like a premonition of things to come.  a welcome
and valued contribution from 
donn jennett, a frequent contributor to rick
irwin's www.reelradio.com.    




  bob
harris on wfly troy ny in 1971. (1:40) 
another snippet from the days when wfly was the only fm
rocker  in the albany ny market (excepting the rpi and siena
college stations, that is...).  harris may have better known
as  rob friedman,
the host of  wrpi's sunday night "folk fest" show, which is
still on the air under the name of "mostly folk".  this quick
offering from the archives of 
gary liebisch brings back some great
memories!     




  chris
warren on wtry troy ny in 1989. 
(6:07)  former student of grahm junior college and well known
albany ny radio guy,  warren writes:  "it's a fun
check because the night before 
cousin brucie helped me host a membership drive
on the local local pbs outlet, wmhx, channel 45.  brucie was
one of the first jocks i remember from when i lived in newburgh, ny and
listened to nyc radio 1962-62, just as i caught the radio
bug.  brucie called me during my show and said he was
listening in his hotel room, about to head for the airport, and he
thought my show sounded "great."  i told him that i could now
die a fulfilled man having been complimented by one of the guys who
inspired me in the first place.  great memory." 
thanks for this great memory, chris!     




  john
garabedian on wmex boston 1970. 
(22:00)  back when creedence clearwater revival was still
together, kenny rogers was doing acne cream commercials and  casey kasem
was just starting american top 40, garabedian was giving wrko a run for
their money as pd of wmex.  john h. has had a colorful history
- i remember him as my favorite wptr jock "johnny gardner" from the
early sixties.  and he's great on this aircheck from when wmex
was great!  garabedian is still on the air on his nationally
syndicated "open house party".  my thanks to new contributor  steve ordinetz
for this 30+ years ago flashback!     




 bud
ballou on wvbf boston 1973.  (1:46) after
working for  john
garabedian on wmex, ballou segued over to wvbf
where he was able to remain a unique and skillful
personality.  ballou passed away some years ago, but is fondly
remembered by  grahm
junior college folks (and others) for what he
brought to both wvbf and wmex.  ballou also made radio legend
status in syracuse, and of course, did nights on wkbw during his
career. this one is from my personal collection, and all too
short!   
       




 ed
kostek on wckl catskill ny 1980. (4:14)
one of the first airchecks ever presented on this site (from 11/99)
returns!  you'll hear some great ac personality here, rarely
heard anymore from any hard drive!  check ed's
website, 
around the dial - it's a great collection of sounds, scans
and links about growing up radio!  ed now entertains evenings
and weekends on wrip,
windham ny.      




 norm
nathan on whdh boston in 1973. 
(6:18)  recorded during the watergate hearings, you hear some
of that wry nathan humor that bostonians loved!  nathan also
worked at wrko in their waning days as a music station.  this
one is from my personal collection.     




 bob
roberts on wtry/1968 & wfly/1971. 
(5:34)  a great contrast of two different stations at two
moments in time.  this is the same bob roberts as noted on
wsny below.  (no, it's not the same bob roberts as the one at
wvwa.)  you catch some cool commercials on the wtry portion of
the check.  a commercial for pickering phono cartridges...
hmm, there's a trade-out idea!  it's another beauty, from the
archives of  gary liebisch!  
  





 dick
robinson on wdrc hartford 12/31/67. 
(12:40)  sounding suspiciously like it's on tape, this
aircheck of the big d year end survey features some great local
connecticut hits, and of course robinson, now of the connecticut school
of broadcasting.  you hear #90 - 75 from the survey, a great
gift from none other than the big
tuna/jim kaye of wacky102 fame! 
thanks, jim!    




 jesse
james on wsny schenectady ny 1970. 
(3:03)  james, more commonly known as 
chris warren from albany market stations wgna,
the river, and wtry, sent this aircheck of himself and
writes:  "that's me doing overnights for the
vacationing 'john paul jones'.  other voices on the check
include don derosa doing the jingle add-ons and community bulletin open
and closes.  remember those days?"  i do, chris...
and i thank you for your memorable contribution!     




 johnny
lance on wfly troy ny 1971. 
(6:32)  lancer's favorite jock of all time was the real don
steele of khj, and you'll hear a lot of rds influence on this
aircheck.  it's another great contribution from  gary liebisch!     




 dale
dorman on wrko boston in 1973. 
(12:00)  dorman, a market icon along with norm nathan, jess cain, dave maynard
and others, still holds down afternoon drive on kiss 108 in
boston.  he was just as great on 'rko as he is now. 
this one from my personal collection of boston area airchecks from the
70's.  
       




 jim
buchanon on wptr albany ny in 1971. 
(4:54)  my favorite moment is the contest where the kid could
have won the big jackpot amount of $1.54, but instead goes away with
nothing.  this one was from the lafayette tape recorder
archives of  john gabriel. 
         
      




 charlie
kendall on wvbf boston in 1973. 
(3:31)  'vbf's top 40/aor format is pretty obvious in this
aircheck, along with kendall's zany style.  vbf's format was
exceptionally popular with the college crowd, but they eventually
evolved into straight ahead top 40 as "f-105".  kendall went
on to program wnew-fm, and is now a station owner in the southern part
of the us.  grahm junior college folks will love this
one,  from my personal collection.     




 mark
wheeler on wcdb albany ny in 1980. (2:09) 
      john gabriel's
younger brother with a couple of college radio breaks from the state
university at albany, ny.  mark had worked briefly at wkaj-fm
102.3pm in saratoga springs, ny during the 1970's, in an effort to
duplicate his brother's radio success.  unfortunately, and as
we all know, not everyone makes money in this biz.  mark gets
the last laugh, though, now a senior manager for quad graphics he's
doin' quite well.  and yet... mark sounds pretty darn
good!  thanks for emailing this little wonder to me,
mark!     




 cary
pall on whuc hudson ny in 1975.  (part
two) (25:04)  here's the rest of the hour that started
below.  a great performance from cary, and for you compression
freaks, you'll enjoy the audio.  and wait till you hear "love
will keep us together" by captain and tennille at about 49
rpm.  outrageous!    
  




 gary
mitchell on wfly troy ny in 1971. 
(16:39)  recovered from the personal collection of  gary liebisch,
this a great representation of the station in those years. 
wfly was then owned by the troy record newspapers, who took the station
from classical to a top 40/oldies hybrid.  the station was in
serious competition with wptr, wtry and wsny, but the newspaper sold
the station to muzak.  after the sale, the station went to
beautiful music, and didn't return to playing contemporary music 'til
the late 70's.  you'll enjoy the top/bottom hour id's done by john gabriel
too!     




 wfly,
wtry, wptr albany 3/17/71. 
(10:16)  this offering from contributor  gary liebisch
gives you a brief glimpse of the three top 40 stations in the albany
market in 1971.  along with a rare glimpse of wfly's imitation
drake format with craig
stevens, it features jack
daniels and mike
fitzgerald (yep, the same one as on 'cbs-fm) on
wtry and jim buchanon
on wptr.  it's a little uneven in quality, levels and tape
print through, but great listening!     




 cary
pall on whuc hudson ny in 1975.  (part
one) (29:05)  for your listening and surfing pleasure,
"spaceman cary" on this unscoped aircheck reveals a lot about cary's
style, and the stations audio.  you will be amused, impressed
or offended by the highly equalized and compressed processing, as well
as the sped up records. this one is from my personal collection. 
        





 a
tom shovan audition tape. 
(3:27)  shovan was the  pd of the legendary whvw
during the 70's, and also worked at wptr and wkip,
poughkeepsie.  he was apparently seeking a new gig, and
somehow this got into the hands of 
john gabriel.  it offer some brief
glimpses of 'hvw, along with their famous spliced jingles.     
      




 bob
roberts on wsny schenectady ny in 1973.
(9:20)  after doing the overnight shift at wtry and afternoons
at wfly, roberts landed the pd gig at wsny.  he was on there a
short time before going over to whsh.  last i heard, he was
out of radio a long time ago.  this aircheck is a nice
representation of roberts work.  but even armed with some
pretty good pams jingles, wsny was doomed due to their poor signal and
eventually went dark in about 1975.  thanks to   john gabriel 
of wtry for this beauty!     




 don
bombard on wyny nyc in 1981. 
(7:42)  after making a name for himself as a syracuse ny and
pittsburgh pa radio legend, bombard hit the big time in nyc. 
even with 'yny's tight formatting, don sounded great... and still
does... as   bob shannon,
afternoon drive jock on wcbs-fm.  i found this one in a box of
lost tapes!   
       




 jim
rising on wcfr springfield, vt in 1975. 
(10:43) rising, best known for his work at whyn and waqy in the 1970's
was pd of wcfr after their sale from 
carlos zezza to sconnix in 1974. 
sconnix took the station from top 40 to ac at that time.  and
a rather tight ac they were as you'll hear on this aircheck. 
rising has been working in the wilkes-barre/scranton pa area for about
the last 20 years, and now works for entercom. this one is
from my personal collection.    




 dan
ingram on wabc nyc in 1979. 
they say that wabc went disco for about a week in the late
70's.  i don't think this aircheck comes from that era...
"baker street" is hardly a disco record... but there certainly is a lot
of nyc disco music on here.  also, the aircheck features an
ebs test for the "hudson valley/catskill area"... huh?  my
thanks again to  jason
bereza of the northeast radio guide at radio-info.com
for this one!      




 bob
lewis on wabc nyc in 1962. 
(8:42)  "babaloo", well known for his work at wabc, also
jocked on wabc-fm when they were progressive rock, and was at
pre-oldies wcbs-fm.  this aircheck exhibits the very early
days of wabc as a top 40 station... a time of   herb oscar anderson 
and  don mcneal's
breakfast club.  it's not great quality, but it gives you the
feel for those days!  recent high school grad  jason bereza
of radio-info.com
contributed this one!     




 jim
kaye on waqy springfield in 1981 - his last show (part two). 
featuring the last 45 minutes of wacky 102, 
ken barlow, and some highlights of the automated
wacky from the early 70's.  more great stuff from  steve sawyer... my
thanks steve!     




 gary
hamilton on waqy springfield ma in 1980.  
an eccentric individual and a great jock, this all too brief aircheck
of gary from the wacky 102 days really showcases the sound of the
station in those days.  gary, who is heard as  gary mitchell
on the new huc composite, now works at whud in peekskill ny and wdst in
his hometown of woodstock, ny. just found this one from my personal
collection.   
       




 jim
kaye on waqy springfield in 1981 - his last show (part one). 
as part of our "trilogy" in memory of "wacky 102", here's jim ("the big
tuna") kaye with lots of people in the studio (including me) for his
last show.  you'll hear a break i did on that last day first,
then the tuna.  as i recall, jim was disappointed with this
last show, as he really didn't get to make it all his own - but if you
listen to this - it's all him.  he went out with his usual
collection of oldies, and of course, a lot of class.  steve sawyer (a
major wacky fan) contributed this one.  
  





 wtry
troy ny retrospective 1975. 
sounding like it was put together by albany market legend joe condon,
this retrospective includes some airchecks i've already listed here,
but also includes  don
weeks  and jerry
tyler.  it's well put together and
entertaining, and it's from aircheck master 
greg pattenaude.     




 steve
sawyer on whai greenfield ma in 1998.  the
most recent 'check in our collection, mr. sawyer has held both
management and air talent jobs all over the country.  he
currently calls the south his home, and until recently, has been
working as an 18 wheel trucker (hence the references on this
aircheck.)  it's tight ac personality at it's
finest!   
       




 jay
clark on wtry troy ny in 1969.  this is an
aircheck of clark on his second time at 'try, doing the night
show.  he sounds though, like he's doing middays! 
some cool sixties music and commercials from '69, including local
clubs, concerts and fast food joints.  (clark, btw, went on to
eventually be the pd of wabc during their last months as
chr.)  it's a sixties slice of history, supplied via  jason bereza
of the hudson
valley radio guide.    




 wtry
troy 45th anniversary special 4/15/85. 
produced for wtry by john
gabriel outlines some history of the station,
including blackout of 1965, in which 'try was the only albany area
station on the air.     




 wcbs-fm
in 1970.  most folks probably don't
remember the days before 'cbs-fm did the oldies format.  prior
to that, they were a very commercial sounding "progressive rock"
operation.  determined to be a successor of sorts to the
beloved folk/rock sound of  wor-fm, cbs decided to compete
with then progressive wnew-fm and wabc-fm/wplj.  this brief
blip of former wabc jock
bob lewis and former 'or-fm jock steve clark exhibits
some of the stations presentation and music. this one is from my
personal collection.     




 lucy
st. james on wgfm schenectady ny in 1984. 
lucy had a great sound, and was very dedicated to the broadcasting art
-- a real pro and a genuinely nice person.  she's now at y100
in philadelphia, as their production director.  
courtesy of of
aircheck master  greg
pattenaude.       




wtry
composite, 1965. from a wtry history tape (which i
will put up here sometime), this one features 
 ed reilly, rick snyder, lee gray, and wrow albany radio
legend joe condon. condon was in high school
when he started at ’try, reilly later worked at sister
station whsh (now wpyx), and gray landed at wmca, nyc. my favorite
"supplier" greg pattenaude gave us this one! 




lance
fitzgerald on wfly troy ny in 1980. some (like me)
knew that lance was the best jock on the old ’fly…
check out some of these excerpts and find out why! lance had the added
bonus of meeting his wife of many years over the phone while at
’fly. thanks to 
jeff mail of jersey 101.5 for this
moment! 




john
gabriel on wtry troy ny in 1975. this composite,
part of a 1975 ‘try anniversary tape, showcases john, then
about 20 years old cookin’ away! he is, as many folks
probably know, is still at ‘try… but older and a
bit wiser. thanks to  greg
pattenaude for another gem! 




al
bandiero on wkbw buffalo in 1979. during the disco
scare of the 1970’s, bandiero did a stint at the legendary
kb. what’s the connection for this page? well, bandiero,
earlier in the 70’s worked at whuc as their night jock! now
of course, he's at jammin 105 in nyc. new contributor  steve sawyer
gave this one to us! 




kerry
james on waby albany in 1961. now here’s
a real treat… early sixties top 40 done well! waby was
undoubtedly 250 watts full time then, and the signal in schenectady and
troy had to be very marginal… but they sure sounded great!
additionally, i left all the commercials in… spots for all
sorts of car dealers and etc! it’s almost one-half hour long,
but believe me, you won’t regret it (and a dickie goodman
record, to boot!) james went on to work for quite some time at wtry in
the late 60’s.  thanks to contributor  greg pattenaude for
this gem! 




boom
boom branigan on wptr albany ny in 1962  . if my
memory serves me, this was about the time the boomer did a split shift,
9am-12noon, and then 3-6pm. this, from a november morning in 1962 was
at the very beginning of the ’try — ’ptr
war that raged into the 1970’s. 
greg pattenaude was the supplier for this one
too!  




mark
allen on wptr albany in 1968. probably the most significant
thing about mark allan was that he later went to wcfl chicago using the
name bob dearborn, and went to near legendary status from there. his
running bit on ‘ptr was "mark allen… from the
couch." this brief aircheck from 
greg pattenaude features some great jingles as
well.   




jj
phillips on whvw hyde park ny in 1973 . what do
you do with a 500 watt daytimer in the suburbs of poughkeepsie, ny? do
a fake drake type format with spliced jingles, i guess!  tom shovan programmed whvw at
the time, and this aircheck of them is rather representative of the way
they sounded… overall, pretty tight… except for
the last break! thanks to aircheck collector 
greg pattenaude for this small market classic! 




bob
mason on wfly troy ny in 1980. after he was at wckl
and woko, and before he was at wpyx, wqbk, wpyx (again) and wxcr, mason
was pd of wfly in the early eighties. courtesy of  jeff mail
of new jersey 101, here’s mason at the afternoon drive
controls in 1980. thanks for your contribution, jeff!!   




rick
kelly on wacky102, springfield ma in 1978. you can
get a real flavor for the energy of the station here. unfortunately, a
regular feature of the station was 27 units of spots an hour, which
along with a "teen" image and second string marketing, did
‘em in. it was fun while it lasted though! 




cousin
brucie on wabc new york in 1970. to me, this
aircheck was very typical of the way morrow sounded on
wabc.




dan ingram on wabc new york in 1970. 
originally provided to me 30 years ago by gary liebisch, this one of my
prized possessions. the most highly praised aircheck in this
collection!  a day that ingram was really "on" during the
"music power" days of wabc. ingram’s day started off with a
forecast of rain right after he washed his car, and his day went
downhill from there. you’ll hear some great production (some
of the bumpers they were using were incredible) and some ingram outrage
father’s day gift suggestions. it’s a
treat!   




wgfm
schenectady, ny 1984 i think it’s
84… perhaps 85. ‘gfm is my favorite all time chr
station in the albany market. there, i said it and i don’t
regret it!  here’s midday guy   tom parker
and morning man   lee
warner (with some help from nbc announcer don
pardo) just doing the format and keeping it tight. and the best
1980’s jingle package, ever!  




wtry
jingles and promos from the early 1960’s.
hear the promo at the beginning featuring then ‘try morning
man  don weeks?
a real treat, thanks to 
john gabriel for supplying them to me. 




ken
barlow on wdot burlington, vt 1976  after
leaving grahm junior college in boston in the early seventies, ken
worked at wcfr, wkne and others… with a long stint at wdot.
‘dot was looking for a "dirty mouth" to do nights. ken filled
the bill! ken is now vp of programming for the vox radio
group.  




john
gabriel on wptr, albany, ny 1973 this one is real
slice of history, the way wptr sounded in the early seventies.
it’s the only aircheck of ‘ptr i ever made, and
only because john’s my cousin.  




new
huc composite, 1975  (14:52) a
classic that was much imitated.  it features jared willets
(now on florida tv)  gary
mitchell, myself and cary
pall (now of clear channel.)  this tape
got cary (spaceman cary, on this tape) a gig at 99x, new york city.




cary
pall on 99x wxlo, nyc in 1975. this aircheck gives
you a pretty good feeling for the way 99x sounded in ‘75.
goofing around was the order of the day… along with
weirdness, like the intro to "funeral for a friend" demonstrates here. 
 




dave
glass on woko, albany ny in 1975. the overnight
shift was only one of the shifts dave occupied on the old "ok", and
this is a representation of his work. as well as being a friend of mine
for 35 years, dave has worked at many different stations, some in the
albany area. you can check out other airchecks of dave, including his
work at whuc and wtry, by clicking here.
       




cary
pall on wsny schenectady, ny in 1973 interesting,
in that this was recorded in east greenbush, ny. if it sounds
muddy/muffled, well, that’s the way ‘sny sounded.
cary sounded good, nice board work. he’d like to think that
this was his first professional radio job, but the first was really
whrl, playing elevator music (for one week.)   




links





  the
grahm junior college aircheck/production page is
our sister web site with sounds of alumni and faculty of the long gone
grahm junior college, boston ma.  check it out!
audioldies.net is
sam ward's website specializing in downloads and exclusive programs
about everything oldies, and includes special radio station
recreations.  sam has been a big supporter of this website!
man from mars productions
is undoubtedly the original source of many of the airchecks featured on
northeast airchecks.  the "man from mars" ed brouder is not
only an aircheck collector, but a radio archivist, author and
historian.  man from mars productions will, for a small fee,
duplicate parts of his collection of radio sounds.  his web
site features a searchable database of his entire collection... nearly
5000 recordings!  ed also maintains web sites about wdrc and
wpop of hartford that offer a depth of detail about those stations that
is second to none.  ed is extraordinarily knowledgeable about
all things radio... check out his site, you will be amazed!
big
apple airchecks is run by matt seinberg. 
matt lives in the new york city area and has a tremendous aircheck
collection for you to browse... he's a frequent contributor to this
site, and to airchexx.com.  he has more nyc airchecks than you
can shake a stick at... check it out!!
the 98 ckgm super
70s tribute page is the result of hours and hours
of site construction by former ckgm afternoon drive jock  marc denis
(pronounced den-ee').  it features tons of photos, audio, and
history of one of canada's great top 40's.  marc also has the 1470 cfox montreal
radio archive website that features airchecks,
surveys and memorabilia from the station that was a competitor to the
legendary ckgm.
wkbw radio
was western new york's only 50,000 watt rock 'n roll station. photos,
audio clips and interesting history notes of one of the most listened
to radio stations on the east coast of the usa.

first
generation radio archives is a non-profit group
dedicated to the preserving of radio programs from the 1930-1955
era.  they offer a lending library at reasonable rates for old
radio programs restored and on cd. an outstanding archive!
fybush.com
is the web site of the northeast's radio journalist scott
fybush.  he writes an excellent weekly radio based column
called "northeast radio watch" for his web site and for the boston
radio interest group at www.bostonradio.org.
jack
gale (currently working as freelance voiceover talent and formerly
morning talent and pd of ways) has a great web site jackgaleradio.com
chronicling his colorful work in radio since the 1940's.  jack
is a talented radio personality in the "classic" sense in that when he
does a morning show, he has a cast of characters that he does all the
voices for!  he's also put out a great book, "same time, same
station" of personal reminiscences and radio stories.
 j. douglas from wrpi (and jeff
douglas from
wptr) has his web site up at http://www.jdthedj.com. 
      it has some more
recent airchecks of jd and others at various new orleans radio stations
and other places not fortunate enough to be a part of "the great
northeast." 
bob
mitchell's wolf
1490 tribute site is a great and comprehensive
tribute to a great station that so many talented people went through...
like howie castle, john gabriel, dale dorman and jim sims!  it
features photos, memorabilia, and airchecks of "the big 15"! 
  necrat
is another one of those radio labor-of-love web sites that truly offers
information you won't see anywhere else.  maintained by wwlp
tv-22 engineer mike fitzpatrick, necrat stands for northeast commercial
radio antennas and towers, and features maps, photos and tons of info
about radio and tv tower locations in the northeastern us. 
it's cool!
 
reelradio.com, 
uncle ricky's reel top 40 radio repository is of course, the king of
all radio/aircheck sites has over 1000 airchecks, mostly from the
us.  it's updated weekly, and is a superior labor of love for
richard irwin.  it's not to be
missed!    
 
radio-info.com
is a great gateway for everything radio... it has message boards,
reference materials, and historical information.
 
airchexx.com
- steve west has put together another great website featuring airchecks
from stations all over the country!  it is splendid to see
that steve has fulfilled his goal of putting this site up!  it
features a wide variety of stations and personalities... it is
tremendous! 
dale
patterson's rock
radio scrapbook has tons of great airchecks and
history, with a special emphasis on canadian stations... definitely a
winner!
mike's wtfda
tv-fm dx page features tv/fm dx
information, and radio dial info for connecticut.
the grahm

junior college memorial page has information and
some long forgotten memories of grahm and boston.  a must see
for grahm-ites!
ed kostek's around the dial
is a remembrance and salute to albany ny area radio and tv! 
it includes photos and sound bites and lots of cool links!
the capital gold radio guide
maintained by andy mackenzie, offers news, ary, and great links to
everything in albany ny area radio!  and andy now maintains
another great site, fifteenforty.com,
that features remembrances, airchecks, and memorabilia from the wptr,
albany ny!  great stuff!
aircheck master greg pattenaude of the albany
ny area has tons of airchecks for the trading!  check 'em out here.





contribute




i am always eager for contributions to this
archive!  contribution guidelines: my preferences are
airchecks from prior to 1980, spanning the northeastern united states,
although others will be considered. there are no restrictions on
station format.  submissions are preferred as ftp transfer,
but cd, cassette and reel to reel are workable as well. 
please submit emailed airchecks less than five minutes in length. to
contribute, email me by clicking here.










 


