






you and diabetes – الدكتور فاروق الزربا
































































english  english العربية

emailtwitterfacebookinstagramyoutube















homepage 
about us 
you & diabetes 
health promotion

wellness promotion 
body mass index (bmi) 
smoking 
breast cancer 
misc. topics 


sexual diseases 
publications 
misc. news 
researches 
album 
videos 
contact us 
العربية 







you and diabetes home 
you and diabetes
















you must know
















you must know diabetes is a chronic metabolic disease that can be treated, but, as yet, it cannot be cured. before the 1920’s, diabetics usually died soon after the diagnosis of their disease. diabetes can be controlled, however. the more than millions people in the world with diabetes can live long lives, hold productive jobs, […]










frequent asked questions
















are people with diabetes allowed to eat sugar? the american diabetes association maintains that sugar (sucrose) can be substituted for other carbohydrates and included in moderation in the context of a healthy meal plan all forms of carbohydrate are digested to produce sugar (glucose) in the blood which is then used to fuel the body […]










healthcare for people with diabetes
















healthcare for people with diabetes diabetes is not yet curable, but it can be well managed. the goals of diabetes management are to attain and maintain near normal blood sugar levels and reduce the risk of complications. mutual respect communication and cooperation are essential to keep the medical professionals and patient working effectively together as a team […]










travel tips
















travel tips getting ready to take a trip may mean a little extra planning for people with diabetes. it is important to consider how your diet, exercise and medication routines will be effected before you leave, and to identify what you will need to maintain good blood sugar control while you are away. this article will […]










goals for blood sugar control
















goals for blood sugar control people who have diabetes should be testing their blood sugars regularly at home regular blood sugar testing helps you determine how well your diabetes management program of meal planning exercising and medication (if necessary) is doing to keep your blood sugars as close to normal as possible the results of […]










food and diet
















general diet guide no matter what type of diabetes you have choose healthy foods and maintain a healthy weight. losing just 7 percent of your body weight if you’re overweight can make a significant difference in your blood sugar control. a healthy diet is one with plenty of fruits, vegetables, whole grains and legumes, with a […]










treatments and drugs
















how can i control my diabetes depending on what type of diabetes you have, blood sugar monitoring, insulin and oral medications may play a role in your treatment. eating a healthy diet, maintaining a healthy weight and participating in regular activity also are important factors in managing diabetes. life style no matter what type of […]










complications of diabetes
















complications long-term complications of diabetes develop gradually. the longer you have diabetes — and the less controlled your blood sugar — the higher the risk of complications. eventually, diabetes complications may be disabling or even life-threatening. possible complications include: cardiovascular disease. diabetes dramatically increases the risk of various cardiovascular problems, including coronary artery disease with chest […]










how to diagnose diabetes
















 what tests are used to diagnosis diabetes symptoms of type 1 diabetes often appear suddenly and are often the reason for checking blood sugar levels. because symptoms of other types of diabetes and prediabetes come on more gradually or may not be evident, the american diabetes association (ada) has recommended screening guidelines. tests for type […]










risk factors for diabetes
















risk factors for prediabetes and type 2 diabetes how is diabetes diagnosed out of the estimated 24 million people with diabetes, one third, or eight million, don’t know they have the disease. this is because people with type 2 diabetes often have no symptoms. however, a simple blood test is all you need to find […]




1
2








bmi calculator

bmi calculator



 imperial
    
      
    
 metric
    



height

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
 ft
            
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
 in

weight: lbs



height: cm
    

weight: kg
    



calculate

powered by easy bmi calculatorcalender
february 2025


s
m
t
w
t
f
s




« may
 
 




 1


2345678


9101112131415


16171819202122


232425262728
 













about us
contact us


copyright © 2017 witicode, inc.
					


emailtwitterfacebookinstagramyoutube















