











 town of pulaski





















 




 


















    home
 
    news
 
    departments
 
    careers
 
    residents
 
    information
 
















    home
 
    news
 
    departments
 
    careers
 
    residents
 
    information
 









welcome to the town of pulaski!

          welcome to the town of pulaski! situated in the heart of the new river valley, we welcome you to our cozy neck of the woods. activites and entertainment abound, the town of pulaski has a rich history and vibrant community. we hope you enjoy living and/or visiting our community.
        












proposed comprehensive plan
the comprehensive plan is a policy document prepared by municipal governments to articulate their vision






 






building & occupancy permits
contractors, home owners, and business partners may now create and submit all building applications online.






 






bill pay
pay your bills online or by phone.






 






jobs
whether you are starting your career or looking for a great place to begin a new chapter, the town of pulaski could be the right fit for you!






 






council minutes & agendas
access town council documents including minutes, agendas, ordinances, and resolutions.






 






codered
sign up with codered to receive important emergency alerts, messages and notifications from the pulaski county emergency management authority.






 










latest news







main street water main break
the town of pulaski is experiencing yet another severe water main break on main street. this break has, and will...


read more...











inclement weather update from gfl for january 6th- 10th
due to inclement weather, gfl will be delayed one day this week (january 6th-10th) for collection (monday's collection...


read more...











town of pulaski is accepting applications to fill a vacancies on various boards
town of pulaski is accepting applications to fill a vacancies on various boards


read more...















upcoming events

view all events










town of pulaski gis







parks & trails







boards & committees







bids & rfps



















useful links


town code


history


job openings


departments home




government


foia act


town leadership


bids & rfps


news


employee resources







â© 2025 town of pulaski. 
        



facebook page



instagram page




 


