





pecometh
 
























































































		skip to content












 





(410) 556-6900












 





401 jack elliott way | centreville, md 21617































































 



camp summer programs day camp programs summer staff camperships faqrentals facilities accommodations activities challenge courseeventsblogexplore about year-round staff employment opportunitiesstoredonate money time goods and services spain grant pecometh for generations godfrey legacy society pray for pecomethcontact












register










 


















 









 














over 75 years of christian camping 








where faith, community, and nature meet

































 





















discover pecometh











pecometh camp & retreat ministries is a place for people of all ages to grow in faith, experience renewal, and build lasting connections. nestled along the peaceful chester river in maryland, we offer a sacred space for reflection, learning, and recreation.click to learn more. 


























explore our mission











provide sanctuary for christian hospitality and programming that promotes god-inspired, life-changing experiences through camp and retreat ministries.click to learn more. 






























 









 











unforgettable experiences for all agescamps and programs 
from adventurous outdoor activities to faith-based programming, our summer camps provide children and teens the opportunity to explore, learn, and grow. make lifelong friends, develop leadership skills, and create lasting memories.
 
 








find your camp





























 









 














find renewal in the quiet of natureplan your retreat 
our beautiful riverside property offers a variety of accommodations, meeting spaces, and outdoor areas, perfect for your next retreat or event. work with our staff to customize a retreat that fits your group’s needs, whether it's spiritual renewal, team-building, or rest and relaxation.
 
 








book your stay


























 









 











open hearts, open mindsa ministry for all 
at pecometh, we believe in welcoming all people, regardless of background or belief, into a loving community. whether you're attending camp, a retreat, or simply visiting for a day of reflection, you’ll find a place where acceptance and understanding are at the forefront of everything we do.
 
 








our mission, vision, values





























 









 














help us grow and servesupport our mission 
your generosity helps us continue to provide life-changing experiences for campers, guests, and retreat participants. discover how you can contribute through volunteering, donations, or joining our friends of pecometh program.
 
 








ways to give


























 










 





upcoming events



















spring volunteer day












pecometh day












seeking inspiration: clergy renewal retreat












summer kick-off picnic

























 





inside the pavilion
















the impact of camp: how pecometh is changing lives












pecometh story: norman oliver and the power of giving back












pecometh story: a week of friendship, a real good time












the transformative power of camp



























 









 






what others are saying



when i was little i went to a day camp and our camp would come and use pecometh's pool. i’m older now and attend pecometh's sleepaway camp for a week. i love it here all the counselors are very nice and the activities are very fun. the food is pretty good. all of my family has been going to this camp for years. my cousins, aunts, uncles, sisters, brothers, and my mom! i totally recommend it.

sara romano




for years pecometh has been my go-to for church retreats and training events. the grounds are clean and the setting is relaxing. my son attended summer camp here and loved it. i highly recommend this place and the staff.

john davis




my sewing group has come to pecometh for years. it's a beautiful, well-kept facility with great food!!! we love the host and all the food staff workers, especially phylis:) highly recommend! 

heather burger




great price for our family reunion. beautiful and wonderful to be out in nature. we could walk the trails and have a campfire. so much fun.

lisa buchholz




this is holy ground. god is everywhere- especially at pecometh. accommodations are comfortable, warm, and clean! the food is outstanding!

alma roach




friendly staff, beautiful facilities, astonishing chocolate chip cookies! surely would recommend!

leo disanto




this is a lovely retreat area. the food and accommodations are the best i've ever experienced.

allison ehrman


 














 





























get connected












(410) 556-6900 










401 jack elliott way | centreville, md 21617 















stay connected









 




 






 




 










sign up for the pavilion post
stay connected with pecometh! sign up for the pavilion post, our e-newsletter, and be the first to know about upcoming events, retreats, summer camp registration, and more. delivered straight to your inbox, it’s your guide to everything happening in the pecometh community. join today and never miss an update!
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlast 
email name


email *sign up for the pavilion post 





















 







faq











camps











rentals











events











store











donate




















© 2025 pecometh. all rights reserved.









 



 scroll to top
































