




      pop archives - where did they get that song?
    





















home


about


songs


artists


links


search









            where did they get that song?
          

sources of australian pop records from the 50s, 60s and 70s plus some aussie originals and some new zealanders


            originals / covers / remakes / songwriters / chart positions
          








            find out about:
          

the first single by
            melbourne’s cheryl gray, later world-famous under a different stage name


two sisters from a small town in
            texas who wrote a hit for maria dallas from a small town in nz.


the billy thorpe hit derived from a 1936 record by harlem hamfats


the country singer from milwaukee who first recorded col joye’s “bye bye baby”


more…




            where did they get these songs?
          

lynne randell –
            a love like you 1965


liv maessen – the love
            moth 1969


johnny farnham – friday kind of monday 1968


little pattie – pushin’ a good thing too far 1965


billy thorpe & the aztecs – the word for today 1966


normie rowe – penelope 1968


more…










              what have they done to my song?
            melanie safka









            newest pages
          


the groop – the best in africa (1966)


fantasy – marrow song (1973)


colin cook – it’s up to you (1962)



more…




            recently updated pages
          


cheryl gray – the real thing (1966)


abigail – je t’aime (i love you) (1973)

film soundtrack: “les coeurs verts” – scène de
                bal 1 (1966)




more…









obscure originator dept: the fun and games
          

the grooviest girl in the world was a #3 new zealand hit in 1969 for wellington band the simple image.
          

            the original version was released in the us by the fun and games, a six-piece band from texas with four members who had been band-mates since their
            high school years in houston. they included the romano brothers, joe and rock, who both went on to successful
            careers in various branches of the arts (there is a wikipedia page about rock).
          

            the fun and games version of the grooviest girl in the world was produced by one of its writers, gary zekley. he is
            partly known for singing, co-writing and producing on the single yellow balloon (1967 #25 usa) and the subsequent album by the yellow
            balloon. these later became artifacts of the retrospectively named genre of sunshine pop.
          

the simple image were one of those fine new zealand bands of the 60s-70s that topped the charts in new zealand with records that were unfamiliar to
            most australians. nz artists such as the simple image,
            the dedikation, the avengers, and the
            fourmyula had #1 or #2 nz hits that never surfaced in australia.
          

            there's a twist to the story of the grooviest girl in the world that i discovered later. although most australians would not be able to hum the tune
            for you, a boomer from south australia might know it. the original version by the fun and games charted in adelaide in march-may
            1969, peaking at #3 (in the us it reached only #78 billboard). this is a surprising outlier which i suspect is down
            to radio airplay on adelaide's 5ad.
          

find out more...









            new to the links page…
          


lancashire: lanky beat archive


canada: rpm magazine charts


joop's musical flowers



more…




            new to the blog…
          


(more) voices of australian radio


beauty is the beast (guest blog)


obscure originators (30): bob wilson


obscure originators (29): drafi deutscher and his magics
















  pop archives
              

australia's premier song history site since 2004









              sections
            





home


about


links


search








browse by artist


browse by song


browse by year


obscure originators








              more
            



contact me


the blog


the listener in


go-set charts









              website by lyn nuttall. © lyn nuttall 2004-2025. chart positions courtesy of gavin ryan’s australian chart books and dean scapolo’s complete nz music
              charts. special thanks to terry stacey for information, corrections and suggestions. thanks also to tony watson, philippe edouard, dave overett.., more…







