     bmw of newton | bmw dealer newton, nj | new and used bmw dealer                               























                                                                                     welcome to bmw of newton   certified center            sales973-579-2600  service973-834-5808  parts973-579-2600     119 hampton house rd newton, nj 07860 directions                        bmw of newton                     sales973-579-2600    service973-834-5808    parts973-579-2600             119 hampton house rd newton, nj 07860 directions                   home   new   search inventory   schedule test drive   sell/trade   find my car   my bmw app   bmw innovations   ultimate bmw buying experience   bmw m5 sedan   the bmw m5 touring     bmw certified & pre-owned   certified pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned   bmw certified offers   pre-owned specials   courtesy loaner vehicles   schedule test drive     bmw electric   bmw electric models   bmw ev lifestyle     offers   offers   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   bmw finance and lease offers    lease offers     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   service & parts specials   bmw tire center   parts   check vehicle for recalls   accessories estore   autobody & collision center   bmw newton genius   bmw value service      finance   finance   lease return center   bmw credit application   bmw military program   bmw military program   the bmw college graduate program   bmw financial services     about   our dealership   contact us   hours & directions   review us   open road auto group   careers                     home   new   search inventory   schedule test drive   sell/trade   find my car   my bmw app   bmw innovations   ultimate bmw buying experience   bmw m5 sedan   the bmw m5 touring     bmw certified & pre-owned   certified pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned   bmw certified offers   pre-owned specials   courtesy loaner vehicles   schedule test drive     bmw electric   bmw electric models   bmw ev lifestyle     offers   offers   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   bmw finance and lease offers    lease offers     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   service & parts specials   bmw tire center   parts   check vehicle for recalls   accessories estore   autobody & collision center   bmw newton genius   bmw value service      finance   finance   lease return center   bmw credit application   bmw military program   bmw military program   the bmw college graduate program   bmw financial services     about   our dealership   contact us   hours & directions   review us   open road auto group   careers           



se habla español?



    


inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





 


  


get
financing



 
 


  


view
specials



 
 


  


trade
appraisal



 
 


  


test
drive



 


       search new inventory      search used inventory        

      click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details                                                                                                          

          bmw vehicles 
      the 2 series finally, the rebels have a cause. from performance and handling that make your pulse race faster to a rich sports car heritage, this is a vehicle that’s all heart and pure bmw. get behind the wheel of the bmw 2 series, and let your emotions have their way with you. available in a coupe and a convertible.    new pre-owned available in coupe and convertible         the 3 series pure driving pleasure the sports sedan that started it all continues its exciting evolution with bold styling, modern finishes, and intuitive technology. the 3 series brings power and innovation together in a sedan made to move – from the inline 4-cylinder engine in the 330i models to an integrated electric motor in the 330e plug-in hybrid.    new pre-owned available in coupe and convertible         the 4 series only one word describes it: un4gettable. it's impossible to see the bmw 4 series coupe, convertible and gran coupe and not feel their athleticism. yes, they were born from the iconic 3 series. but, a sleeker, more aggressive design matched with thrilling power makes each 4 series model stand out in its own beguiling way.   new pre-owned available in coupe, gran coupe, and convertible         the 5 series sophistication, turbocharged. since its inception, the 5 series has combined legendary bmw performance with a level of refinement that knows no equal. with leading innovations in both driving dynamics and interior technology, the all-new 5 series is just as ambitious as those who drive it.    new pre-owned available in sedan and gran turismo         the 7 series the future of luxury is here. the bmw 7 series reaches new altitudes in technology, comfort, and performance while integrating them seamlessly into a luxury experience for both drivers and passengers. with more innovations than any other car in its class and a wealth of athleticism, the 7 series effortlessly takes the pole position for the future of luxury travel.   new pre-owned available in sedan         the 8 series awaken adrenaline. the incredible bmw 8 series reinvented to thrill the senses. muscular, sleek, and striking, this series combines motorsport heritage with the very latest design and technology.   new pre-owned available in coupe and convertible.         x models versatility without limits. when bmw built the first x5, they didn’t just create another suv. instead, they invented something entirely new: the sports activity vehicle®. by fusing ample space with dynamic power and sleek design, each sav® delivers the thrills of a bmw. and along with the unique sports activity coupe®, there truly is an x perfect for every adventure.   new pre-owned available in sports activity vehicle and sports activity coupe.         the bmw z4 redefining the roadster. a true roadster in every sense of the word, this two-seater with its long hood and low-slung stance can make a striking impression just as fast as it can propel you down the road. all with just one question: top up or down?   new pre-owned available in roadster.         m models the most powerful letter in the world. packed with power normally reserved for the track, m generates performance unlike anything else. and after four decades of delivering hair-raising thrills, it's still pushing the limits. but don’t just take our word for it. grip the wheel of any of our 10 m models—from coupes to convertibles to sports activity vehicle® – and elevate your adrenaline rushes to a whole new level.   new pre-owned m models available in sedan, coupe, gran coupe, convertible, sports activity vehicle and sports activity coupe         bmw i every great revolution begins with a charge. it started with a vision. a vision to completely reimagine the future of mobility and rethink what it means to drive an electric vehicle. and here we are—this vision is now a reality. meet the all-electric bmw i3 and the plug-in hybrid bmw i8. it's time to forget everything you once thought about electric cars and imagine a world powered by performance, design, innovation, and efficiency. this is the world of bmw i.   new pre-owned            series selector: 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / x / z4 / m / bmw i          the 2 series finally, the rebels have a cause.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 3 series pure driving pleasure  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 4 series only one word describes it: un4gettable.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 5 series sophistication, turbocharged.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 7 series the future of luxury is here.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 8 series awaken adrenaline.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        x models versatility without limits.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the bmw z4 redefining the roadster.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        m models the most powerful letter in the world.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        bmw i every great revolution begins with a charge.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned           schedule service appointment when you own the ultimate driving machine, you should get the service to match. schedule now     original bmw batteries the only way to start. schedule now     bmw value service premium parts & service.powerful value.bmw value service. learn more    
      

bmw of newton
 in newton, nj
bmw of newton is committed to helping you find the perfect luxury car, suv, or electric vehicle that you will enjoy driving for years to come. our highly skilled team is looking forward to speaking with you about all that bmw has to offer in whichever model you choose, 330i, 530i, m340i, or 540i, for example. we also have an exceptional bmw parts and bmw service department with friendly staff members and a comfortable client lounge area. we are also proud to serve luxury vehicles to residents in the surrounding areas of sparta, hampton, hamburg, and sussex, new jersey. thank you for choosing open road bmw of newton.
more about us

       




visit us

119 hampton house rd, newton, nj 07860

directions

contact us




     if you're in the market for a new or pre-owned luxury vehicle, visit open road bmw of newton to find the perfect model. our center offers service to clients in newton, new jersey; as well as throughout the new york city metro area. we've been providing our guests with luxury experiences since 2010, ensuring that each individual that arrives into our showroom is a fan of the brand and of bmw of newton.


leading bmw models
we are excited to have the opportunity to demonstrate the all-new bmw 3 series. these stylish and sporty sedans are a perfect example of bmw's desire to provide its drivers with the ultimate driving machine®. the new body style change for the 2023 bmw 330i has boasted the best in its segment driving dynamics, while a sportier version — the bmw m340 — takes the 3 series line-up into territory previously only embodied by bmw m automobiles. on the inside, drivers and passengers alike will enjoy a plethora of comfort and technology options such as the latest version of bmw's exemplary infotainment system, idrive; live cockpit pro, and apple carplay™.
clients who are in the market for a more spacious automobile are drawn to the exquisitely redesigned bmw x5 for its superior ride and drive. the 2023 bmw x5 is making its debut with more standard options, more power, and a sportier; yet still sophisticated new look. introduced for the first time ever in any bmw model: live cockpit professional with dual 12.3 inch screens located in the digital instrument cluster and center display respectively, provide you with all of the information you need ensuring an exeptional experience for drivers and passengers alike. other standard options include bmw conntecteddrive® services, bluetooth® wireless for hands-free dialing, and navigation.



community support
at bmw of newton, we believe in giving back to our local community. we regularly support our clients' charities, fundraisers, and non-profits as a means of community outreach and support.
knowledgeable, professional team
when we hire our team members at bmw of newton, we take the time to ensure each individual will be a good fit within our company, the brand, and the culture that goes along with each. our center focuses on the experience of the client, which means that all of our team members must be able to answer questions and provide information about the latest bmw models, features, and benefits.
at bmw of newton, we know the german luxury automobile very well; which helps us to better serve you as you decide on which car or sav is the right fit for your lifestlye.


          
click. shop. we deliver.

introducing a new way to buy your car! our best prices instantly, buy 100% online from the comfort of your home, office, anywhere.


start shopping


explore inventory


                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | bmw of newton | 119 hampton house rd, newton, nj 07860 | sales: 973-579-2600         


































        
         
                         