





начало - nostradamus - the rock opera live


































































 
 








 
 
about
news
cast
gallery
contacts





x 










the making of nostradamus














buy: the nostradamus libretto book
















nostradamus 



the rock opera 







 







nostradamus: the rock opera 



 nikolo kotzev 











buy "тhe making of nostradamus"  documentary dvd and "the nostradamus libretto book" 







 



 



„the making of nostradamus“ documentary is a 2h15min long movie, packed with authentic interviews with the original singers, studio discussions, early versions of some songs, showing all the participants in their working environment. the movie is giving an in-depth insight of the entire creative process of „nikolo kotzev’s nostradamus“ and is a must for every nostradamus rock opera fan. the entire story is told by nikolo kotzev himself. 






buy: the making of nostradamus











 



 



an exclusive luxury edition, containing the nostradamus libretto in english and bulgarian. illustrated with artworks and photos. an absolute must for everyone, watching the nostradamus live show dvd/bluray. 






buy:  the nostradamus libretto book



















 














the music is operatic, and as a drama set to music, the man’s life and times could not be a better theatrical fit […] darker, yes, larger than life too of course, more than the sum of its parts. this is theatre, telling a story theatrically. 







4/5 







get ready to rock! 











this album has reached something of cult status, but now, the fact that ‘nostradamus…’ has been reissued means that fans of symphonic heavy metal/hard rock fans and concept albums can be overjoyed at its return into the public domain. 







7/10 







(the rock opera reissue)metal digest 











with nostradamus, nik has defined a standard for rock operas and inspires with finely balanced arrangements, a superb concept and “musicianship” at the highest level. … have fun with both, dear music world. 







7/10 







rock it 















the guitar work impresses with virtuoso solos without overshadowing the songs as a whole. wonderful vocal passages, whether main or background vocals, distorted as in ‘desecration’ or emotional as in ‘try to live again’, captivate the listener in your hand and guide you through every single piece… if you have a soft spot for epic rock operas, you absolutely can’t go wrong with the rock opera – live in sofia. 







5/7 







metal hammer 











the result is truly remarkable, the energy and passion transmitted by the songs acquire even more prominence and everything sounds balanced, the orchestra does not overwhelm the electric instruments but interpenetrates with them in a single organism. 







8/10 







rock hard 











the result is high-class and is very well received. 







8.5/10 







rock hard 







it really is a visual spectacle that is thoroughly enjoyable. 







7/10 







(live in sofia) metal digest 















 



about the opera 



fifteen years after the „nikolo kotzev’s nostradamus“ cd release, the author nikolo kotzev staged a world premiere of the work in his home country bulgaria. the anniversary coincided also with the 450th anniversary of the death of the french prophet michel de nostradamus.the world premiere of the work was held on november 18th and 19th, 2016 in the hall of the state opera – rousse, bulgaria, in conjunction with maestro nayden todorov.the rock opera nikolo kotzev’s nostradamus was released on double cd in 2001 and reaped glowing reviews in the international press. the album sold over 50,000 copies on several continents. 







 
















cast of characters 



meet the singers in the leading roles. 







alexander atanasov 



alexander atanasov will perform the role of nostradamus. 






read more











björn
lodin 



björn lodin – born 1965 in sundsvall, sweden. together with friends, he formed his first band at the age of 12 






read more
















norakaraivanova 



nora is one of the most charismatic young performers in bulgaria. her style is pop, rock and soul. 






read more












zvezdomir keremidchiev 



zvezdi is among the brightest stars of the bulgarian rock scene. 






read more











amalianenova 



in 1979 amalia was accepted is the music academy, majoring in singing in the class of maestro stefan atanasov. 






read more
















thomas
vikström 



thomas started his career in 1988 with the swedish band talk of the town as an 18 year old.  






read more












mehmetkaya 



mehmet started to sing in several bands after he moved to istanbul for university education. 






read more











bencross 



harry bernard cross (16 december 1947 – 18 august 2020) was an english stage and film actor. 






read more















the band 



meet the singers in the leading roles. 








nikolo
kotzev 



nikolo kotzev was born into a family of professional musicians. he started playing the violin at the age of 5 and the guitar at the age of 10. 






read more












angeldyulgerov 



angel dyulgerov is one of the well-known guitarists on the bulgarian scene. he works as a studio musician , composer , lyricist, arranger and music producer… 






read more















anthonygeorgiev 



anthony georgiev was born in 1965 in silistra. until 1983, she studied piano in the city with teachers fanichka stoeva and liliana strinka. 






read more












radoslavtodorov 



radoslav todorov participated in veliko tarnovo as a pianist and organist in several local blues and rock groups – “limba quartet”, “accident”, “the hitch-hikers”, “roundabout”, etc. 






read more












nikolaytodorov 



born in varna – 1986 in a family of professional musicians. since he was four years old, he has been overwhelmed by the variety of percussion instruments, which became the foundation for his development. 






read more















nikolaytsvetkov 



nikolay tsvetkov was born on february 5, 1987, in harmanli. at a young age, inspired by his favorite bands, he was motivated to play guitar and bass, following in the footsteps of his father – bassist. 






read more




























 



well, i lived to see my “nostradamus” onstage, thanx to the beehive foundation.a dvd of this show is coming your way.also being worked on is “the making of nostradamus”  documentary dvd, in which you’ll be able to see original footage of the recordings and the working process, narrated by myself.  the documentary dvd will be available here. stay tuned! 



– nikolo kotzev 







 



 











latest news 



 


















ok, time to make some noise about "the making of nostradamus" dvd. 



 



don’t miss your copy of this 2hrs long film, packed with authentic video material with all the singers, players and orchestra, portraying the creative atmosphere of the recordings of the original studio record nikolo kotzev’s nostradamus! narrated by nikolo himself.please note! dvds will be sent after july 25th! 







nostradamus the rock opera 



dear fans of „nostradamus the rock opera“!at long last we a ready to share some exciting news with you all!a dvd release of the nostradamus show in 2017 in sofia , bulgaria is being worked on as we speak, and will be released in a great package, including the dvd and two audio cds, containing the live performance. over two hours of a blinding performance of a cast of 120 people. nikolo kotzevs band kikimora and nikolo himself are onstage too.in the roles you will see:alexander atanasov – nostradamuszvezdi keremidchiev – the inquisitormehmet kaya – henry iithomas vikström – the soldier – ghostbjörn lodin – the storytelleramalia nenova – anne gemellenora karaivanova – catherine de medicinarrator in multimedia – ben crosswith the orchestra, choir and ballet of the state opera ruse, conducted by nayden todorov.we can’t wait to make this exciting release available to all of you!a documentary film „the making of nikolo kotzev’s nostradamus“ is also being worked on. the movie will include rare footage of the recordings, the studio work, exclusive interviews with all the original singers and of course – a personal narration by nikolo kotzev, who will share his memories and thoughts on the creation of his work.this documentary will be available to purchase on a newly redesigned nostradamus website, along with an exclusive luxury nostradamus book including the libretto in english and bulgarian, some pics and an original artwork by one of the best bulgarian artists ivan ivanov – ioani.stay tuned for more news!nikolo kotzev 




















 







 


about




news




contact















 






 






 






 
























©2023 all right reserved 










term & condition




service policy

































