





capa community education fund – advancing asian american involvement in public affairs



















































x


search for:



 






					february 15, 2025				


facebook
e-mail













main menu
skip to content
welcome
about

board of directors
capa and capa cef history


programs

summer internship program

2021 summer internship online application
eligibility and requirements
internship calendar
internship participants
internship placements


voter education and civic participation


gallery

summer internship program gallery
internship graduation events
fall forums
annual galas
community happenings


contact







welcome


welcome to the capa community education fund.  thank you for taking the time to learn more about the capa community education fund or capa cef and our efforts to strengthen and empower the chinese and asian pacific american communities by promoting leadership education, civic development, and voter education and participation.
the capa community education fund is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.  tax id # 01-0685771

2019 capa cef interns at graduation.


in the news
2021 internship program update
we regret to announce that the 2021 summer internship program is on hiatus.  in light of the continued covid-19 pandemic plus the january 6th insurrection attempt at the us capitol, we decided to put the program on hiatus for this year until we have more clearance concerning the pandemic as well as review with our partners in the offices of our public officials to ensure the safety of our interns.
please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions. thank you for your understanding.  we hope to return with the 2022 summer internship program.  please visit us for updates.

 
2021 internship program update
thank you for your interest in the capa-cef internship program.  as the covid-19 pandemic is still not under control, and lockdowns are still in place throughout the san francisco bay area, we do not yet know whether we will be able to host our internship program in 2021.  we are communicating with the various political offices (at the county, state and federal levels) with which capa-cef has relationships, for the purpose of potentially hosting the program again this year, under certain conditions that must comply with the social distancing, health and public safety protocols put in place by local and state government authorities.  please visit us for updates.

 
bravo to capa cef intern alumni abey lin and sabrina lin.  
a few weeks ago, abey lin, an aspiring filmmaker and his sister sabrina, made a short film about the xenophobia and racism surrounding the coronavirus or covid-19 that is affecting the world right now.  they have gotten some press coverage including uc berkeley’s daily cal newspaper and on ktvu fox 2 on march 18th.   we’re proud of both of you as well as our other alums who are also on the front lines of this health crisis.  leadership is sometimes called upon and we’re impressed they abey and sabrina has taken this action and lead by example.  below are links and a clip from ktvu fox 2 plus, if you haven’t seen it, a link to their film.  please view it.
ktvu fox 2 (3/18/20    |    daily cal (3/4/20)

 

 
dear capa-cef community,
the developments in the last week with respect to the novel coronavirus (“covid-19”) have been ever more alarming for our nation, and particularly our state and region.  contra costa county declared a state of emergency on march 10th, and the number of confirmed coronavirus cases in contra costa is currently the second highest in the bay area, behind only santa clara.  among the strong recommendations from the centers for disease control and other local, county and state public health agencies is to practice “social distancing“, which basically means to avoid all nonessential social contact with other people, in order to try to minimize exposure to and transmission of the coronavirus, and thereby hope to contain this health crisis by preventing further community transmission.
unfortunately, our capa-cef internship program requires interaction with many people on a frequent basis, starting with our in-person interviews, proceeding to our training programs in the spring and early summer, and of course placement at various political offices in contra costa, alameda and san francisco counties.  many of our interns must avail themselves of public transportation (such as bart) in order to get to and from their assigned political offices. under the current conditions of the covid-19 pandemic, we cannot contemplate subjecting our interns to the very significant danger of exposure to the coronavirus, just for the sake of participation in our internship program.
in light of all the above, it is with great regret that i have to inform you that our board of directors has decided to cancel this year’s capa-cef internship program.  
the health, safety and well-being of our capa-cef interns has always been our highest priority. having said that, we have never had to make such a difficult decision in the 30-year history of the capa-cef internship program.
we hope that the covid-19 pandemic will be fully resolved before next year’s internship program begins, in february of 2021.
we wish you and your families all the best, in the challenging weeks and months ahead.  may we all do our part – for now, social distancing, in support of our government and society-wide efforts to combat this crisis.  be well, and stay healthy.
very truly yours,
stephen lin
chairman, capa-cef

 



2020 summer internship program information and application is online now! please click here to apply.

first training for the class of 2019
see pics


2019 capa cef internship program application period is closed
click here to find out more information and to apply!
 
city of concord 4th of july parade
boardmember cedric cheng and former interns abey lin and sabrina lin participated in the 2018 city of concord 4th of july parade with congressman mark desaulnier.

2018 summer internship graduation

2018 summer internship 

 


2017 holiday open houses
during the holidays, many public officials open their offices to the public for some friendly conversation and an opportunity to meet them and other community members.
capa cef boardmember, cedric cheng with his son gabriel with contra costa county supervisor karen mitchoff at her holiday open house.

2017 summer internship graduation event!
you can also pay online here

 
holiday open houses
during the holidays, many public officials open their offices to the public for some friendly conversation and an opportunity to meet them and other community members.

capa cef boardmember, cedric cheng meeting with contra costa county supervisor karen mitchoff at her holiday open house.  that is re-elected concord city councilperson, edi birsan in the fedora photobombing us!


evelyn and stephen lin met former president bill clinton during his campaign stop in antioch the first week in june before california’s primary.



former intern, iris wang, a graduating senior at acalanes high school in lafayette, has been named one of 689 semifinalists in the 2016 u.s. presidential scholars program.  the semifinalists were selected from nearly 4,700 candidates expected to graduate u.s. high schools in 2016.   finalists will be named in may 2016.  for more information on the u.s. presidential scholars program, please go to: www.ed.gov/psp.


2015 intern graduation event reported by us china press.
class of 2015 interns in the news.
max han and abey lin – in chinese
you can also download the pdf version for abey and max

 




 





february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



 
 
 
support capa cef! 





summer internship program deposit page please
click here
to go the deposit payment page.

 
 






			© capa community education fund                        - powered by wordpress
			 and wp dev shed



