




access insurance - independent charity-specialist broker















































about

who we are
what we do
our impact
our story
our people
careers


specialisms

care insurance
charity insurance
church insurance
club insurance
community insurance
community centre insurance
housing insurance
minibus insurance
museum insurance
probate insurance
property insurance
school insurance
village hall insurance
other insurances


resources

blog
guides
risk insights newsletter
charities network


claims


request a callback

020 8651 7420
monday to friday 9am - 5pm


 


award-winning insurance services 
insurance with advice for the third sector
you have unique risks.get insurance that’s built for you. contact us today













get tailored cover for your unique risks


only pay for the cover you need


jargon-free advice from experienced brokers




you are here: home



how can we help you?
access insurance services are chartered insurance brokers and specialist advisers to charities, churches and community groups. each organisation faces a unique set of risks, so we design specific insurance policies to ensure you’re adequately protected and only paying for the cover you need..









request a quote – it’s simplestart today 




see what they say




we have used access for five years. always a very good service. this year we needed to make some changes and they really ‘pushed the boat out’ to get us the best deal. communication was excellent…                

south devon singers                



you clearly understood our needs and the service we received was very friendly, very clear and very thorough. your quote was also very competitive…                

the sessions house cic                



excellent – having spoken to multiple insurer’s, access was by the far the best with regards to ease of getting through to someone, friendly staff – who i felt understood our organisation’s needs…                

pinpoint inc.                



simon hickman of access insurance saved our project, by obtaining insurance where other brokers had failed.                

st john’s church preservation group                



 










our specialist areas



charity insurance
each charity we help has different needs. we’ll ensure you get the right cover quickly & easily.



church/fellowship insurance
with 20+ years of experience working with churches, access is in an ideal position to provide advice and arrange insurance.



community insurance
our packages are designed to provide public liability and other optional covers for the meeting and activities of community groups


village hall & community centre insurance
we advise and arrange insurance for hundreds of community halls, building trusts, institutes, associations and management boards.


scout & girl guiding insurance
with a special scheme designed specifically for the property and equipment needs of scout and girl guiding groups.


club insurance
we understand your club’s unique risks before designing an insurance policy which gives you the specific cover you need.


minibus insurance
our aim is to find you a cost-effective individual or fleet minibus insurance policy for your needs. 


school/education insurance
for each school we work with, we go through our comprehensive review process.


care insurance
your dedicated broker will help you to determine the types, and appropriate levels, of cover you require.


property insurance
whether you occupy the buildings yourself, or they are rented out, we can help you to obtain a quality policy from a reliable insurer.


and many more…
as specialist insurance brokers for charities, we can develop comprehensive policies to cover all the risks your organisation faces.







award winning insurance
as a chartered insurance broker we are committed to providing an exceptional level of service to our clients. our platinum trusted service award from feefo demonstrates our clients recognise and appreciate the consistently excellent service we provide.
 get a quote

 








using our sector expertise we provide an excellent broking service and professional advice to organisations across several specialist areas.  our clients trust us to arrange adequate insurance which will properly protect them when things go wrong.


insurance

charity insurance
care insurance
church insurance
school insurance
minibus insurance
other insurance



quick links

claims
complaints
terms of business
careers
privacy
sitemap



working hours weekdays: 9am - 5pm head office: 020 8651 7420selsdon house212-220 addington roadsurrey cr2 8ld. contact us





access insurance services is a trading name of access underwriting limited.
registered in england and wales: no. 3880990 registered office: benefact house, 2000 pioneer avenue, gloucester business park, brockworth, gloucester, gl3 4aw.
authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority. fca register no. 300421
copyright © 2025 access underwriting limited. all rights reserved.







access insurance has an average rating of 4.8 stars based on 269 customer reviews at feefo






 








×







