







the bible, genesis and geology

















the genesis gap doctrine of creationism





the bible's mystery of the void and the darkness - the overlooked wisdom and purpose!

"for this they willingly are ignorant of, that by the word of god the heavens were of old, and the earth standing out of the water and in the water: whereby the world that then was, being overflowed with water, perished: but the heavens and the earth, which are 
now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of 
judgment and perdition of ungodly men."
(2 peter 3:5-7 kjv)

 
video: 
an introduction to the genesis gap doctrine





illustration from "dispensational truth" by clarence larkin circa 1918 - colorized and red numbers added by this website

"the mighty revelations of the purpose of god cannot be apprehended until the issue of believing his word has been faithfully met."
--  
lewis sperry chafer

part i - genesis and regeneration







the four 
			(4) bible "creations" - according to the holy bible, there are four distinct 
			creation events - two were in the past and two will happen in the 
			future.



 
 








the "gap	theory" - overview and history of the genesis gap doctrine (ruin-reconstruction interpretation) of old-earth creationism.



 
 






the ancient earth and the angels 
			- an introduction to the 
			ancient earth's first inhabitants, the "sons of god".



 
 






satan, sin & death in 
			deep-time - the ancient origin of lucifer (a.k.a. 
			satan), the 
			angelic rebellion (fall of the "anointed cherub") the 
			consequences of the first sin within god's creation, long before 
			adam's fall.



 
 






the "worlds" and the "earth" 
			- the biblical definitions of the words "world" and "earth" and the interpretation of  
			biblical ages.
 


 
 




 

catabolism and regeneration 
			- the seven days of genesis  
			regeneration event and a process the greek scriptures refer to as: 
			"katabole"



 
 






the firmament, third heaven, and structure of all things 
			biblical - the 
			three-heavens structure of the universe, the division of the 
			waters below and above the firmament, the 
			three-part structural recurring theme revealed in the design of 
			noah's ark, moses' tabernacle, and solomon's temple.



 
 







the 4th day of genesis - paradox of the sun and stars 
			- the sun and stars were very ancient, but were regenerated 
			on the 4th-day during the seven-days of the genesis.



 
 







observations of geologic evidence for the death of 
			"the   world that then was" 
			- an 
			outline of published works in victorian literature documenting 
			evidence of a catastrophic extinction episode in the late 
			pleistocene and how it relates to the waters, darkness and destruction of the 
			old world (as found at genesis 1:2).



 
 






life forms just before end of ice age and after seven days of genesis - comparison of life forms on the earth in the world 
			(prior 
			to the seven-days of genesis) with the kinds of life forms god made and placed on the earth at the regeneration. proof that man (made in god's 
			image) is unique and has no evolutionary or dna links to 
			the pre-adamite races of "humanoids" which inhabited the old world.




part ii - science and scripture



 
 






the sevens of the bible in time and nature 
			- the 
			recurring pattern of sevens in the holy bible and nature.




part iii - lost rivers of eden








the lost rivers of the garden of eden - the location of the garden of eden and the four rivers, 
			revealed by the holy bible and a forensic study of  
			regional geology.




part iv - noah's flood







the "fountains of the deep" of noah's flood 
			- the geophysics of 
			noah's flood. the "fountains of the deep" and 
			the "windows of heaven" and the geologic 
			and atmospheric processes that produced 
			a global flood yet left behind little evidence.



 
 






more on the 'windows of heaven' of noah's flood 
			- why the life spans of antediluvian mankind were greater than those of 
			man after the flood.



 
 






the days of peleg and historical changes in sea level 
			- how the 
			descendants of the three sons of noah migrated to other parts of the 
			world, the "days of peleg" event 101 years after the great 
			flood, and evidence of sea level 
			changes before and after noah's flood.



 
 






sedimentary rocks, fossils not produced by noah's flood 
			- how noah's flood (although a real and global 
			event) could not have possibly produced all the earths sedimentary rocks 
			and fossils.



 
 






paleoclimate indicators and collapse of civilizations all 
			correlate to date of noah's flood - paleoclimate indicators 
			that match the 
			literal biblical time of noah's flood found in greenland ice sheet,  mount kilimanjaro and huascaran glaciers, 
			and bottom 
			sediments of the sea of oman. a revelation of post-flood drought and 
			global weather pattern changes.




part v - rightly-divided theology







the kingdom of heaven and the kingdom of god; the doctrinal 
			difference - explanation of why the "kingdom of heaven" is a 
			reference to a literal future kingdom on the earth, and how that term 
			differs in meaning from the "kingdom of god" in doctrinal context. the 
			future of israel in prophecy is also outlined.



 
 






who and what are the angels? 
			- do angels have dna? (and other questions).



 
 






bible 
			doctrine - the hard nuts 
			to crack - doctrines of the christian faith, including 
			a comprehensive study of the doctrines of grace, the book of romans, 
			the kingdom, and video lectures on rightly dividing the bible, 
			geology, and prophecy.



 
 






the relationship of flesh and spirit; physical things vs. 
			spiritual things - explains the operation of god in the 
			salvation process, the three-part nature of 
			man, what happens when you become saved, and how a born-again 
			christian cannot possibly lose their salvation or commit the unpardonable 
			sin.




part vi - prophecy






the biblical 
			story timeline - the past, present and coming milestones of biblical events.






 
 






the dead sea geology and end times prophecy 
			- faults and 
			tectonic features of the middle east, sources of future great 
			earthquakes to come and volcanic activity prophesied near the dead sea 
			area in israel during the end times.
 


 
 






the book of daniel is unsealing - focus on the middle east and 
			prophecy - what comes next according to the end times 
			visions of daniel? on this page we move away from the geological and 
			creation issues and turn our attention to the future and the great 
			period of tribulation that will soon descend upon this present world 
			of fallen mankind. 




part vii - research resources







importance of the exact english wording of the kjv bible 
			- why 
			the king james bible is still a trustworthy english translation 
			today.



 
 






the king 
			james bible - an easy to read online version optimized for viewing on smartphones, tablets or desktop terminals.



 
 






featured research links 
			- links to external study materials concerning the genesis gap doctrine ("gap 
			theory").



 
 





previous page

home

king james 
bible

disclaimer: external links 
from this website are for instructional or promotional purposes and do not 
constitute an endorsement by the the bible, genesis & geology ministry.
 all original text â© 1997 - 
2022
gaines r. 
johnson, d.d., d.th.

the bible, genesis & geology ministry
materials from this site may 
be freely copied to paper for personal use or church bible studies. they may not be reproduced 
elsewhere on the internet, for either personal or commercial use, without 
the express written permission of this ministry.
are you saved? are you sure? click the image below for the gospel truth 
about the lord jesus christ in your 
native language!









