












kingston local history
















skip to main content
    





  



  
kingston local history
 

menu

 


   horizontal menu  home  articles  photos  photo galleries  kingston collections    contact us  historical societies  search  


homearticlesphotosphoto gallerieskingston collectionscontact ushistorical societiessearch


search
















 


 

 









 


 
 
 


 



discover information and stories about the city of kingston



   

 


 highett general store and newsagency, reynolds & company, opposite highett railway station. shows truck from llewellyn bros carrier and loaded horse wagon. people in photograph unknown.
courtesy: john brooks. view photo




  

 


 christ church, anglican church, dingley from land originally owned by mary attenborough and given to the church on her death. crop of dutch carrots. land worked by mitchell bros at this time and originally used as a horse paddock.
source: jean mitchell. view photo




  

 


 cheltenham state school, charman road. old students under pine trees with school buildings in background, 1936.
source: city of moorabbin historical society. view photo




  

 


 students from mentone grammar school watch mr r chatterton operate a linotype machine at standard newspapers, 1964.
courtesy: leader collection, city of kingston. view photo








 

 scroll down





 

 search articles and photos:search














 
latest updates  
 


 now we can really look up to norm carrum icon norm stephens is now immortalised in station st after the completion of an art piece at atticus health. read more


 
 


 surfing through time with the trigger brothers synonymous with the mornington peninsula is trigger brothers - a surfing powerhouse with its roots originally in haldane st, bonbeach. read more


 
 


 laing family the track stars of carrum a legacy of horse racing pedigree is tied closely to carrum and keast park, where training continues today on port phillip bay's shoreline. read more


 
 


 chelsea court house the opening of a local court house in chelsea on 4 february 1929 was a triumph for the local borough of carrum councillors who had campaigned for a dedicated building for many years. read more


 
 


 how determination built the 'gateway to the bay' victoria's largest marina had a tenacious robert jackson at the helm during the development of patterson lakes. read more


 
 


 two carrum champions roy dore and his daughter marie mcintosh are two carrum champions.  both were heavily committed to local organisations.  roy’s prolific involvement included captain of the carrum fire brigade and president of the carrum surf saving club.  marie completed three terms as mayor of the city of chelsea.  read more


 
 


 getting it right facebook has become an important vehicle for communication between people.  many of these sites focus on local history and authors share their knowledge and seek greater understanding of events and connections between people.  sometimes the answers are misinformed or contain unsubstantiated judgements.  read more


 
 


 james coffey: railwayman james coffey who was born in melbourne on 15 june 1842, joined the victorian railways at 35 years of age in 1877 and served as a railwayman in several locations in victoria.  prior to joining the railways, he worked at several mining locations surrounding ballarat and beyond.  his final appointment in the railways was to mentone where he served for nine years. read more


 
 


 farewell highett preschool with love in 2019 the last kindergarten session was held at highett preschool, and the building was decommissioned. for generations of local families, over the course of 64 years, the preschool at 3 station street highett had provided a place for learning and connecting with others.  read more


 
 


 premiers local football finals were important events and a win was an historic occasion to be remembered and records in word and picture.  here an unnamed bush poet puts down his thoughts in who will be premiers? read more


 
 


 the fiander connection with cheltenham charles and mary fiander (pimm) a newly married couple arrived in melbourne in 1887. on 1891 they rented a house in dalgetty road beaumaris.  charles was a successful engraver who died at 30 years of age in 1892.  a plaque was placed in st matthew’s church, cheltenham in his memory.  mary was a widow at 25 years with five boys under the age of seven.  she is buried with charles in the cheltenham pioneer cemetery.  read more


   


 


 


 












 
 

 featured articles
  
 


 janssen family of barry street mentone: letters 1914-1917 read more






  

 

cheltenham’s scantlebury family 1889-1923



  
ripples of death on life



  
claude milton rich nuttall: a cheltenham boy




see more articles









 
 

 featured gallery
   


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




see more galleries







 
 


 



 



  sign up for free email alerts when we update the site 












 


   facebook 
privacy  |  copyright  |  city of kingston website

 ©2025 kingston local history | website by weave



 












city of kingston acknowledges the kulin nation as the custodians of the land on which the municipality is a part and pays respect to their elders, past and present. council is a member of the inter council aboriginal consultative committee (icacc).




  home  articles  
photos  photo galleries  kingston collections    contact us  historical societies  search  




