



genewatch uk - home











 


search
























 home 
  
 about genewatch 

 gm crops and food 

 gm animals 

 new genetic engineering techniques 

 human genetics 

 laboratory and industrial use 

 research agendas and patenting  

 trade issues 

 biological weapons 

 publications 

 press releases 



 










welcome to genewatch uk

genewatch uk is a not-for-profit group that monitors developments in genetic technologies from a public interest, human rights, environmental protection and animal welfare perspective. genewatch believes people should have a voice in whether or how these technologies are used and campaigns for safeguards for people, animals and the environment. we work on all aspects of genetic technologies - from gm crops and foods to genetic testing of humans.

please help to support our work by making a donation.





























topics
laboratory and industrial use
 read genewatch's new report: gm/ge microorganisms: a new global environmental disaster in the making?
a dna database in the nhs?
read the genewatch uk's briefing the generation study: is genome sequencing good for babies?
 read the guardian article "'race science' group say they accessed sensitive uk health data".
read the 2013 genewatch uk report about previous government plans to share nhs medical records and genetic information from every patient with companies like google.
visit genewatch's website, my dna, my family, my rights.
for more information on sharing of nhs medical records, visit medconfidential.

gm fish
gm salmon company aquabounty has announced it is closing all its fish farming operations, due to lack of funds.

gm trees
read the genewatch report gm trees: can we, should we?.
the american chestnut foundation has announced that it is discontinuing development of the gm american chestnut tree called 'darling 58'. the us department of agriculture (usda) has previously consulted on plans to release these gm trees into forests in the usa. read genewatch uk's submission to the usda consultation.
gm crops and food
read the report, published by third world network in collaboration with genewatch uk, 'bt crops past their sell-by date: a failing technology searching for new markets?
read the genewatch uk report, time for the end of gm/ge herbicide tolerant crops?. the summary and a low-resolution full report can be downloaded separately.

genes and health
read genewatch uk's report polygenic risk predictions: health revolution or going round in circles?.
listen to bbc radio 4's the screening dilemma and read the article.
read the expert warning about genetic screening programmes.

new genetic engineering techniques
the uk government is deregulating some gene edited organisms (plants and animals) in england. visit our genetic technologies (precision breeding) bill webpage. the act was adopted with minor amendments in march 2023, but it requires secondary legislation that will now determine important details such as the extent of risk assessments and labelling that will be required, and how animal welfare will be assessed.
genewatch uk's response to the food standards agency (fsa) consultation is here. our response to the government's earlier consultation is here.
genewatch uk has published a briefing on problems with dna repair during the gene editing process.

data protection and digital information bill
this bill has now been dropped, due to the uk election. although it is no longer going to become law, the bill highlights how easy it is for governments to remove the safeguards that currently apply to people's genetic information.
genes and marketing 
visit genewatch's website, my dna, my family, my rights.

gm insects
in may 2023, oxitec withdrew its application to release gm mosquitoes in california. the uk-based company oxitec, owned by intrexon, had applied to release a second generation of its gm mosquitoes in florida and california. read genewatch uk's submissions to the us environmental protection agency (epa) here and here.
a scientific paper reports that genes from oxitec's gm mosquitoes, released in experiments in brazil, have spread into the wild population of mosquitoes. see also the reports in the cayman compass and yale news.




international dna databases
vist genewatch's new website, my dna, my family, my rights.
corporations selling dna-profiling technology are aiding human-rights abuses: read the article in nature.
read the report by the forensic genetics policy initiative: establishing best practice for dna databases. this report was developed using an innovative consultative approach. the final report reflects input from civil society groups around the world from a human rights perspective.

home


↑ top













latest articles



genewatch uk response to fsa and fss consultations on the market authorisation of 3 gm crops for food and feed (5th february 2025) 


5th february 2025



genewatch uk report: gm/ge microorganisms: a new global environmental disaster in the making? 


14th january 2025



genewatch uk briefing: the generation study: is genome sequencing good for babies? 


31st july 2024



genewatch uk comments on the efsa gmo panel's scientific opinion on new developments in biotechnology applied to microorganisms 


2nd april 2024



genewatch uk response to fsa consultation on proposals for a new framework in england for the regulation of precision bred organisms used for food and animal feed 


14th december 2023



genewatch uk briefing: the data protection and digital information bill: a dangerous loss of personal control over genetic information 


11th december 2023



genewatch uk press release: dangerous bill rips up current safeguards for people's genetic data



20th november 2023



genewatch uk comments on the data protection and digital information bill: serious implications for public trust in the use of genetic data 


20th november 2023



genewatch uk report: polygenic risk predictions: health revolution or going round in circles? (september 2023) 


13th september 2023



genewatch uk: gm trees: can we, should we? 


28th february 2023





please note that genewatch uk should not be confused with the council for responsible genetics in the usa which publishes a newsletter called genewatch.
© copyright genewatch uk
		developed and hosted by greennet
designed by josh king-farlow

 


