









portland bicycle accident attorney | oregon bike law





































   call or text (503) 243-1900 

email











toggle navigation













faqs 


how much is my claim worth? trial, lawsuit expenses & fees
 after a bike accident, medical bills, wage loss, insurance




results




reviews



press 

about 


portland bicycle accident lawyer, why i ride 

causes i support
 press: cyclist vs. new seasons



 bicycleattorney.com/racing



 contact























portland bicycle accident lawyer
why should you hire michael colbach?  
					  
      proven results.â 

 over $78 million in verdicts and settlements in 19 years.





                          michael a. colbach 
 





			in the fall of 2022, i was hit by a car while bike commuting and had multiple injuries. i was initially reluctant to work with a personal injury lawyer but thankfully i reached out to michael colbach. -->more


 

slater tai
 
google review
 




 mike's reviews on google
 
free consultations 
                           
                      

						 
								no win = no fee
 











 recent results 


  $11.5 million for injured client.
$125,000 underinsured motorist arbitration award for injured driver. farmer's offer was zero.
$1.3 million settlement for injured motorist.
$100,000 policy limits settlement for injured driver. his final offer before he hired me was $10,000.








 



									$4.1 million dollar jury verdict for injured cyclist. before trial they did not even offer to pay his medical bills.
marion county 2024 verdict (pdf)
















i canâ make insurance companies pay when they do not want to by taking your case to a jury.â 
insurance companies do not pay you a fair amount because they want to. they only pay you when they have to. insurance companies rarely offer you a fair amount for your injuries without a lawyer. 
three examples: 

in a case where an injured client was blamed for the accident and offered a bit less than $100,000 and in 2024 a jury awarded client over $4 million. 
 in another case where my client was offered $4,000 before he hired me. at trial a jury awarded client $550,000. 
in another case the insurance company originally blamed my   client and would not even fix his motorcycle. i filed a lawsuit and a   month before trial they offered $2 million and said they would never pay   a penny more. after picking a jury and presenting witnesses, they nearly tripled their offer and the case settled.

 

mike's press












representative results





      $150,000 bicycle accident policy limits settlement for injured cyclist - his offer before he hired me was zero.
     $100,000 policy limits settlement for injured cyclist. 
  $339,000 jury verdict dui accident verdict for cyclist struck by drunk driver.  geico's only offer was $17,000, which did not even cover the medical bills. 



		mike and his team were wonderful to work with as i navigated the unfortunate situation of being hit by a car on my bike.  -->more


 

kristi runberg
 
google review
 




  $650,000 bicycle accident settlement for injured cyclist. 
   $300,000 bicycle accident policy limits settlement for injured cyclist. 
   over $5 million car accident  recovery for injured motorist.  before he hired me the insurance company would not even pay for his property damage.



			mike worked with me settle to a claim after i was doored and hospitalized while riding my bike. mike and his team helped me navigate the complex insurance and claim process and ensured that i received a fair settlement.  -->more


 

trig rogers
 
google review
 












having an experienced portland bicycle accident lawyer can make the difference 
between getting what you deserve and getting nothing.
i am an experienced, aggressive trial lawyer who has tried over 140 jury trials. i have 30 years of courtroom experience. as of november of 2024 i have been practicing personal injury law for 22 years. i am not afraid to take your case to trial if that is what it takes to maximize the amount of money you recover for your personal injury.
i offer one-on-one service, and i limit my case load so that i can   focus on you and your bicycle case. 
lawsuits can be expensive, in every case i advance all costs   associated with pursuing your claim, i do not ask you for a penny until   we recover from the other side. 





			2 years ago i was involved in an accident while commuting home from work on my bicycle. [...] i was left unconscious in the road for over 3 hours until my wife came looking for me. she found me unconscious, laying in a pool of blood and vomit with my helmet cracked from impact. i was left with a tbi, fractured hand and multiple contusions and lacerations that required immediate care. i suffered memory, speech, vision and auditory impairment that continues today.  -->more


 

steph johnson
 
									  google review 
									 














			he really is a specialist in bike law and pedestrian law too. my mom was hit by a car and his staff along with him took care of it leaving our family to concentrate on having my mom heal. i can't thank his staff and him enough.  

luck had it, i got into a bike accident myself. who came to my rescue? this law firm. -->more


 

elsa h
 
google review
 



reduce the stress of making an insurance claim.                          
 you have been injured in a bicycle accident and you are worried about who is going to pay your medical bills, lost wages, and pain and suffering. the last thing you want is to be taken advantage of by an insurance company. if you don't protect your rights, you may not be able to make a claim. without the threat of a lawyer who is willing to go to trial and seek a big jury verdict, why would an insurance company pay you what your claim is really worth?
bicycle accident injuries can turn your life upside down.
                          
           making an insurance claim can be difficult and time consuming. 
once i take your case, you can stop worrying about dealing with the insurance companies and focus on recovering from your bicycle accident injuries. i take care of all of the paperwork, phone calls, and negotiations, so you can get on with your life.












  why i ride
									  



hire an oregon bicycle accident lawyer who is also a cyclist.
i am a former road and cyclocross racer and current bicycle commuter. i started riding seriously in the mid 1990's when i sold my car and used my bicycle to commute from west linn to portland daily. when i moved into portland in the late 1990's i began racing bicycles to get in the miles (missing my long commutes). i raced for the presto velo team, which is now theâ bicycleattorney.com/racingâ team and i am their main cash sponsor.
i have raced stage races, crits, time trials, and cyclocross. 
i have put in over 30,000 miles on my bike and know what it is like to have to deal with careless drivers.
i try very hard to help injured cyclists, as oftentimes motorists try and blame the cyclists just because they are on a bike.
unlike many portland bicycle accident lawyers, i know how expensive bicycles can be.
i work hard to make sure you are fully compensated for your bicycle damages. i know what it is like to spend thousands of dollars on a bicycle only to have it damaged by someone else.
i work closely with local bicycle shops to try and get you full replacement value for your damaged bicycle and bicycle gear.








 


what to do after a bike accident
at the  scene: 


get the driver's contact information as   well as insurance information. 


it is important to also get the names   and contact information of any witnesses. 


pictures at the accident scene   can also be very useful in conveying the truth of what happened later   on.


if you are too injured to get the above info, try to ask anyone at the scene for help.


seek medical attention.


oregon accident report
if you are involved in an auto accident in oregon, you must file an oregon traffic accident and insurance report with oregon dmv within 72 hours when: 


damage to any vehicle is over $2,500 (even if your vehicle was the only one in the crash)


any vehicle is towed from the scene


when injury and or death resulted in the auto accident


damages to anyone's property other than a vehicle involved in this accident is more than $2,500.


if you were in an accident and the damages were less than $2,500, you can report to dmv if the other party doesn't have insurance. be sure to clearly note on the accident report that it doesn't meet mandatory reporting criteria.


if the police or law enforcement responds and writes an accident report, you still need to file the dmv oregon traffic accident and insurance report as outlined in ors 811.720 and 811.725.


you do have the right to recover any police report submitted as a result of your bicycle accident. contact the police department that responded to your bicycle accident. the procedure for recovering the police report will vary depending on the jurisdiction that responded. in portland, you can get a copy of your accident report usually by contacting the portland police bureau's records division at 503-823-0043 or the portland police report request and help line at 503-823-0041. another way is by filling out a request on the official website of the city of portland. if your bicycle accident happened outside of portland, then call dmv customer assistance at 503-945-5000 and request dmv send (snail mail/fax/email) you the accident report. you can also pick up a paper form from a dmv field office or your local law enforcement department. of course, if you retain a lawyer, your own lawyer can help you get a copy of your accident report.


oregon dmv accident reporting and responsibilities

oregon state bar legal resources
learn more about  free oregon state bar legal resources like the oregon state bar attorney research tool & referral services to help you find and retain a reputable oregon bicycle accident attorney and ensuring that the attorney has never been disciplined by the oregon state bar. â 

 i want bicyclists to get the best possible legal representation 
pleaseâ emailâ me if you are looking for an experienced bicycle attorney in any other state. i will try to help you find an experienced bicycle attorney in any other state at no charge to you. i network with many top usa bike attorneys who are also dedicated long time cyclists themselves such asâ seattle bicycle accident attorneyâ bob anderton and his team of bike lawyers at washington bike law, kurt holzer in boise,â idaho bicycle accident attorney. 














free consultation
contact portland bicycle accident attorney michael a. colbach for a free consultation.


no win = no fee

									  i handle cases on a contingency fee basis. this means:â 
								  you don't owe me a legal fee unless i recover money for you.

















bicycle attorney
 portland law office

michael colbach
                           
434 nw 19th avenue
portland,â oregon 97209
get directions
call or text : 503.243.1900 
 
              toll free : 800.757.0923 
mike@colbachlaw.com




learn more
 oregon bicycle law / portland bike law
 portland bike shop
 portland public cycling
 portland bike clubs
 portland bicycle accident lawyer, why i ride
 portland bicycle accident lawyer











 

 









privacy â· disclaimerâ â·â site mapâ  © 2003 


























