



execubridge



























 



services
about us
manifesto
contact us
 









execubridge





services
about us
manifesto
contact us



 

 









execubridge:
improving the performanceof leaders and their teams



ceo advisory,executive coaching andteam facilitation



your roadmap to executive team alignment, execution and better results 


 
 















how we work:
our company's only purpose is to improve the performance of executives and the business results of the teams they lead.  most of our work is performed directly for ceos and their direct reports.we are coaches, sounding boards, advisors, and facilitators.  we help teams identify and stay consistently focused on their most pressing strategic priorities.  we deliver difficult messages about performance, deportment, behavior, communication style and leadership impact.  we help clients recognize when those closest to them are bringing false cheer or overly-optimistic reports on progress.

we invite you to learn more about our proven methods, approach and systems to improve executive, team and business performance.

our services:
ceo advisory
executive coaching
sales growth
additional practice areas





about execubridge:
execubridge is a ceo advisory, executive coaching and executive facilitation firm that is committed to improving the performance of leaders, their executive teams and the results of the organizations they lead. 
our unique approach results in clarity of focus, alignment of team objectives and accountability for execution.  our clients experience rapid improvements in executive effectiveness, leadership impact, team performance and business results.
our work behind the scenes has quietly guided hundreds of senior executives toward crisp decisions, improved business results and rapid career advancement; many of these leaders are now widely recognized as the top executives in their industry. 
our ceo, john d. callos:
mr. callos advises boards, ceos and their executive teams on leadership impact, executive effectiveness and execution.  
his work involves confidential ceo and board advisory services, executive coaching, executive team offsites, keynote speeches and performance assessments of leaders and their teams. 
mr. callos writes extensively about leadership issues, he has addressed thousands of executives in his speeches on coaching and accountability and has personally advised hundreds of the nation's top ceos, business executives and board members. 





contact us to learn more:

we'd be delighted to hear from you at (800) 986-1230, or through our contact form below. 

 



question or area of interest







 







our clients






 

 





testimonials
 "working with execubridge has been a great experience. it has provided me with the tools to make me a better manager in running all facets of my business and my career. their approach is individualized, customized and straightforward; my association with them has been invaluable."
"execubridge has consistently delivered focused, insightful counsel that has had a direct and measurable impact on the growth of our companies."
"if you’re looking to improve your executive ranks or need personal executive coaching, there’s none better that execubridge.  not only will you see the difference, but others will point out the changes as well."
 "execubridge has given me keen insights that have enabled me to think more strategically, communicate more effectively, and work more efficiently.  in summary, their involvement with our company has taken me to a higher level."
"i have found john callos and execubridge to be a valuable resource in enhancing the skills of our management team. their coaching is results oriented and delivered with a high quality of energy.  john does not offer a "quick fix" to issues, but instead creates a disciplined approach that will ensure success long after the engagement has ended."
 "execubridge’s individually-focused one on one training and coaching has helped my managers grow their skill sets quickly and prepare them for the next level."
"execubridge took our executives to new heights and allowed our people to focus on highly sensitive issues, including needed behavioral adjustments and skill deficits.  had these issues been broached through the standard protocol, the working relationships would have been irreparably damaged.  execubridge protected vital working relationships, made our personnel more important and valuable to the organization and positioned them for additional responsibilities."



 





copyright 1999-2025 execubridge - a division of ideabridge, llc

 











