



the hawaiian lei company
































































aloha! pre-book your fresh hawaiian flower lei and share the aloha!  choose the arrival date of your choice and we will ship your vibrant hawaiian flower leis nationwide to your door. mahalo!






shop for leis












hawaiian leis on sale












orchid flower lei












best selling lei












fragrant flower leis












non fragrant leis












wedding specialty items












graduation specialty leis












bulk order lei












other flower leis












gift certificates
































double orchid with tuberose lei
lovely orchid compliments the soft lines of our dazzling tuberose lei.
on sale! $58.50



















ti leaf lei twist (maile style)
just plain awesome! this fresh hawaiian lei is handsome, long lasting, durable and emulates the original maile! this stunning flower lei is perfect for graduation or your special wedding day.
on sale! $85.50



















double blush orchid with rose lei
romantic blush orchids laced with roses and fern make for the perfect gift for your sweetheart.limited quantities
on sale! $61.20




















aloha and welcome to the hawaiian lei company! we specialize in shipping fresh, vibrant hawaiian flower leis and cut flowers to the mainland! located in beautiful honolulu, our masterfully crafted hawaiian leis are guaranteed to be shipped 100% fresh or your money back!we believe, as the largest shipper of custom hawaiian leis, we proudly offer the one of the hugest selection and lowest prices of fresh flower leis. call our knowledgeable staff; it’s never too early to order. feel free to ask for specials and discounts!


















keep updated on our new leis and monthly specials.  enter your 
						email address in the box below.





















our custom leis are made same day of shipping in order for 
						you to receive the freshest flowers.  multiple shipping options are available.
						view 
							shipping and delivery rates

















about "the hawaiian lei company"  •  the tradition of leis  •  our commitment to you  •  links  •  help/faq  •  shipping & delivery















copyright © 2005-2025 
			the hawaiian lei company, llc. all rights reserved.  •  terms of use  •  privacy policy









