

supe's official homepage















new record!
greetings, friends,
     hallelujah. it finally happened. 
that new record i've been talking about, for so long, is here. "same shift, 
different day" just came in the mail and is now available. it's my first record 
in seven years with new material on it and i'm very excited about it. (pasta man 
was a live recording of old songs).
    you won't find this record in your 
local record store, as it'll only be available through this site and
cdbaby. send check, cash, money order or wampum for 
$15.00 to the address below. if you want a second disc for a friend, twenty 
bucks will get you two.
        hope this finds you well and may your 
days be filled with whatever you want them to be filled with.
 cheers,
missouri mule music
po box 22456
nashville tn 37202


click here for purchase 
information






new book!

at last, a book written about the ozark 
mountain daredevils, by one of its own, has been released. written by bassist, 
michael ‘supe’ granda, “it shined – the saga of the ozark mountain 
daredevils” is an expose of the life and times of the band in and out of the 
spotlight, on and off of the stage, and from top of the charts to the bottom of 
the barrel.  not only will you find humorous anecdotes about the music (i.e. 
jackie blue’s sex change and chicken train’s acquisition of its chicken 
squawking solo), you will learn about the rigors of the road both here and 
abroad.  follow the path of the band from its beginnings onstage at the new 
bijou theater in 1971 to one of their last gigs on the stage of the shrine 
mosque in 2004.  in between those dates you’ll find a cornucopia of stories - 
some good, some bad, some ugly, all entertaining.  though the band went through 
many personnel changes, the only member to remain a constant was supe.  while 
the others came and went, supe stood center stage, leading the mayhem with 
musicianship and humor, both of which can be found in these pages.  

we have the book in stock and you can order yours now.  for more information and how to obtain your 
copy, click on the book cover below.




ps:  here is a list of book signings that supe will be 
attending:




sat., may 1, gazebo books, eureka springs, ark 1-5pm book signing




daredevils' fans...  have you checked out the official ozark mountain daredevils' homepage?  click here to board the chicken train
check out supe's video, making "hippie pesto" on youtube

at this link.

got something you'd like to share with us?  how about a photo, a story, or other items of interest? email supe at:
supedujour@aol.com
page last updated wednesday, april 19, 2017

 


