



























leading directory of summer camps in albuquerque and santa fe | new mexico kids! family magazine















skip to main content















home
online directory of family resources
pickup locations
subscribe
print calendar form
about us
advertise with us
print ad rates
web ad rates
print ad specs
publication calendar

summer directory form
contact us




 









home
online directory of family resources
pickup locations
subscribe
print calendar form
about us
advertise with usprint ad rates
web ad rates
print ad specs
publication calendar

summer fun! activities form
contact us












web story








  
 the young scientist: monotremes 
 not all mammals share the exact same characteristics. mammals are known for bearing their young live, but a small group of unique mammals called monotremes (mon-oh-treems) lay... more 



  
 are music lessons worth the cost? 
 does your child love to sing? love plunking on the piano or pounding on the drum? do you think you might have a future musician in your home? the average cost of private music... more 



  
 mentorship program provides children with life-changing besties through ‘bigs’ 
 parents, close your ears. this is a story for children and teens who have ever wished they had an adult who “got them.” who they could trust and rely on. who they could just hang... more 



  
 mentorship program provides children with life-changing besties through ‘bigs’ 
 parents, close your ears. this is a story for children and teens who have ever wished they had an adult who “got them.” who they could trust and rely on. who they could just hang... more 



  
 young historian: holiday history 
 in 220 a.d. a poor father worried about his three daughters’ futures. the people employed to catch enslaved workers that had escaped were in town, and he wondered if a life of... more 



  
 young historian: holiday history 
 in 220 a.d. a poor father worried about his three daughters’ futures. the people employed to catch enslaved workers that had escaped were in town, and he wondered if a life of... more 



  
 young scientist: sandhill cranes 
 every fall and winter, new mexico gets to host some special visitors. tens of thousands of sandhill cranes (antigone canadensis) migrate south from wetlands like those at grays... more 








290 





289 





288 





287 





285 





284 





283 





previous

pause

next








 




browse our directories
schools & academic support summer programs afterschool activities

events calendar
 




  on newsstands now!

read the digital edition  



newsletter signup
enter your email address to get smart curated new mexico kids! articles and news delivered directly to your inbox.






 





good reads!



  
 donations needed for happy holidays 
 several organizations across new mexico are working overtime to make sure... more  

  
 prospective upgrades to albuquerque little theatre 
 when kids take classes at albuquerque little theatre, they have to climb lots... more  

  
 young historian: victory or death 
 the remaining survivors crouched in the corner of the chapel, struggling to see... more  

  
 pbs kids’ premiers groundbreaking series focused on autistic main character 
 animated raccoon star and friends portray spectrum as part of humanity... more  

  
 the young scientist: looking for life on other planets 
 when scientists search for life beyond earth, what should it look like? it’s... more  

  
 youth in local government 
 santa fe high school junior amelia balwit is passionate about government and... more  

pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »

 















 



 


















 










past issues



  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

 
1 of 13
next ›





past issues



  
  

 
1 of 50
next ›





login

© new mexico kids!
web design by 3 bicycles creative






