










chemical dependency counseling - promotion and advancement of chemical dependency counseling









































		skip to content	



chemical dependency counseling
promotion and advancement of chemical dependency counseling
menu and widgets




about
chemical dependency facts
effects of chemical dependency / addiction
counseling
contact
welcome
 



search for:



categories

chemical dependency facts

counseling

effects of chemical dependency / addiction




recent posts


trusting my therapist to help me stop drinking: i “was” an alcoholic


leading causes of suicide: anxiety, depression, and substance abuse


a quick look into the work of counselors


stress can make a mother harm her child


how alcohol impacts relationship


 







trusting my therapist to help me stop drinking: i “was” an alcoholic 

source: pxhere.com
life is not always smooth sailing. there are a few waves that will try to sink your boat, or sometimes a lot! i am one to tell. i could even call myself the queen of misfortune, but an incident had me not. i am an alcoholic, but i’m hoping i could say i was. it’s not easy to quit once you are hooked. people have told me a million times, and they thought i was stubborn. well, i maybe am, but there’s just one thing i don’t think they understand. i just can’t stop!
 continue reading trusting my therapist to help me stop drinking: i “was” an alcoholic


posted on october 1, 2024author flenn washingtoncategories chemical dependency facts 



leading causes of suicide: anxiety, depression, and substance abuse 

source: pixabay.com
the rate of suicide is alarmingly increasing. according to the american foundation for suicide prevention, 44,965 americans die of suicide each year. that is a high number considering the family and friends of those 44,965 affected by the loss to think the death of one person by suicide is tragic enough.
 continue reading leading causes of suicide: anxiety, depression, and substance abuse


posted on october 1, 2024author flenn washingtoncategories counseling 



a quick look into the work of counselors 

source: army.mil
one of the most misunderstood jobs is that of counselors, won’t you agree? they help clients regain their sanity and make sense of negative stuff happening in their lives. they show these people techniques on how to deal with grave instances so that the latter can avoid hitting rock bottom once more. despite that, many try to keep a vast distance between them and therapists for fear of being called a total nutcase for needing a mental health professional’s assistance. as sal raichbach, psyd, once said, “sadly, only a small percentage of people actively seek professional help for their mental health problems.”
the reality is that counselors are the only folks who can give you sound advice on whatever you’re going through. a friend may console you, but he cannot help you overcome, say, depression or an eating disorder if that’s not his field of expertise. you will have to contact a therapist at some point to gain the clarity you want.
in case the work of counseling experts is still unclear to you, let us take a glimpse into their world below.
what can these professionals do?
counselors are like the general practitioners in the mental health department. “many people also find that counselors can be a tremendous asset to managing personal growth, interpersonal relationships, family concerns, marriage issues, and the hassles of daily life.” that is according to chris corbett, psyd. although they can choose a particular specialty, they can tackle various problems that involve someone’s way of thinking. e.g., addiction, infidelity, thieving, et cetera.

source: pixabay.com
such folks also have several tricks up their sleeves to get rid of stress. if you must know, the latter is a trigger factor for most psychological illnesses. its mere presence in your life can be dangerous, especially when it never lessens or you don’t have an outlet to channel the stressor out of your system.
therapists can be useful for people with low self-confidence too. that is a precursor to depression, anxiety, and other mental disorders. thus, in case your pals and endeavors cannot lift it up for you, a counseling professional will know what to do.
what should you expect when meeting a counselor?
from the beginning, you have to remind yourself that counselors can ask questions that you may never answer even if your closest pal inquires about it. for instance, you might need to recall the darkest parts of your childhood or a heartbreaking moment in the past that you’d rather forget. they will not force you if you wish to keep those instances hidden forever, yet they surely will try to get the truth out for the sake of helping you.
depending on what your issue is, the counselor may let you do all the talking throughout an entire session as well. once he or she speaks, it will only be to guide you to assess everything you just said and know whether it’s right or wrong. for good measure, you may also receive homework – typically journaling – so that you can understand yourself better.
what must you not expect if you consult one?
some individuals, when they agree to seek a counselor’s help, readily assume that the mental health professional will solve everything for them. others think that such experts will only prescribe a few sessions, and then the issues will disappear like magic. if those problems still exist after the treatment, therefore, they may say that the therapist is a fraud. according to noah rubinstein, lmft, lmhc, “a good therapist should be open and willing to understand your concerns. if your counselor doesn’t take your concerns seriously or is unwilling to accept feedback, then it’s probably in your best interest to consult with another therapist about it.”
in fact, counselors are not miracle workers. their training and knowledge allow them to teach possible solutions for every trouble that a client has, but that’s it. you will need to master such techniques to be able to solve your issues.
final thoughts

source: barksdale.af.mil
counselors possess no superpowers, but they are ultimately the people to call if you have ordeals that affect your mental health and various aspects of life. it’s them who may know how to understand your problems – even the ones that you don’t think are problematic. in addition to that, they can give you tips on how to fix them stat if you keep an open mind about the things they will say.
when you’re ready, contact some counselors near you today. cheers!
 


posted on october 1, 2024author flenn washingtoncategories chemical dependency facts 



stress can make a mother harm her child 

source: pexels.com
hurting an innocent child is indeed unforgivable. who dares to harm someone who cannot defend himself? nowadays, we have been seeing stories of all sorts of child abuse on the internet, from physical and emotional to sexual abuse.
 continue reading stress can make a mother harm her child


posted on october 1, 2024author flenn washingtoncategories counseling 



how alcohol impacts relationship 

importance of discussing the impacts of drinking too much alcohol on relationships.
source: pixabay.com
a lot of different social events include drinking, which is usually fun. however, it can also be a cause of disputes, physical health issues, and emotional and mental challenges for a lot of people. it might result from bad choices, a string of unfavorable life circumstances, and fewer opportunities for success. alcohol dependence can significantly alter a person’s personality, particularly when combined with other difficult issues in life.
alcohol use disorder, often known as alcohol dependency, is among the most prevalent addictions that people experience. alcoholism may have a devastating impact on a person’s personal life in addition to having a significant negative impact on every connection they are involved with. the effects on intimacy, partnerships, and marriage are arguably the most profound and harmful. a healthy romantic relationship is destroyed by alcohol, which also leads to distant marriages and intense family unit conflict.
signs that alcohol is causing issues in your relationships
drinking makes you a different person
when you drink alcohol, it can completely change who you are. although every individual reacts to alcohol differently, the way you react might make your spouse uneasy. after drinking, you could feel distant or hostile. alcohol withdrawal may cause you to behave badly in public or make you appear disturbed. concerns should be raised about each of these in a relationship.
when drinking takes importance over your relationship
strong needs and desires to drink can override your feelings, even if you have a great relationship with your significant other. your alcohol consumption may be influencing relationship issues if, for instance, you’ve canceled plans after a bad hangover or forgotten significant dates. if you have an alcohol use problem, your behavior will probably show that your spouse is not as significant as you think they are. both the body and the mind are impacted by heavy drinking, and the person who is most affected is sometimes the last to realize how bad things have gotten that even his demographic characteristics can get altered.
you’ve started drinking in place of some activities
suppose you find yourself consuming alcohol more often than engaging in formerly enjoyable activities with your partner or significant other. in that case, you might consider why you are making these decisions. friends and partners need to engage in enjoyable activities together. it’s also critical to have constructive outlets. alcohol addiction can be a serious problem when drinking takes a prominent place in all activities.
alcoholism’s impacts on relationships
alcohol misuse in a healthy and functioning relationship can have serious consequences for partners, their children, and other family members, including intimacy or sexual dysfunction issues, mistrust, a lack of communication, innocent defense mechanism, domestic violence or abuse, a lack of emotional availability, financial burden or spending money issues, and negative impacts on kids. given all these negative consequences, you need to learn how to identify when drinking alcohol might be hurting your romantic relationships and when you should get addiction treatment. alcohol affects even the most loving and functioning relationship.
deception and mistrust in the relationship
according to the national institute experts, an individual with an alcohol use disorder may experience serious mental health consequences that render them completely unlike the individual they were before beginning. over time, those who struggle with alcohol addiction may develop a secretive nature as a way to cope with their anxiety, guilt, or shame. they could fabricate information regarding their whereabouts, social circles, and daily activities to their significant other or family members. as their addiction worsens, individuals could come up with increasingly creative justifications for their drinking issues. a spouse might always hear excuses for missing out, arriving late, or experiencing mood swings.
source: pixabay.com
 
lack of intimacy in the relationship
relationships might suffer from a lack of stability and a strong base. drinking can exacerbate intimacy problems, which can result in divorce and strained relationships. the definition of intimacy in a relationship is familiarity or closeness. alcohol abuse by your spouse might harm these elements and make you lose excitement about the commitment and everything related to it. even while a relationship can function without closeness, it may become difficult because it can lead to feelings of insecurity and unhappiness. the other individual cannot listen to you or pay attention when there is a lack of intimacy.
lack of respect in the relationship
when the problems mentioned earlier are combined, an alcohol-related disorder can cause negative outcomes in a relationship where there is zero respect. for example, being inconsistent and never meeting your partner’s expectations is disrespectful. it also entails a blatant disrespect for their liberties, feelings, or opinions. they might stop inquiring about their everyday interests as a result. on significant issues, one spouse does not confer with the other. this makes the partner who was insulted feel undeserving. the lack of respect reflects a feeling of inequality, where a particular spouse feels neglected, unheard, or even ignored.
broken promises
when the effects of alcohol start to wear on an individual’s physical and emotional well-being, they may start to lose focus on the things that matter, like their loved ones. they might give out false assurances or promises to quit drinking or neglect to show up on significant occasions like birthdays and anniversaries. relationship obligations may be broken as a result of this. when their loved one is experiencing alcoholism, a spouse may feel as though they are no longer able to rely on them. anger can develop in a relationship when one partner’s expectations aren’t fulfilled. it’s possible for the promises made to one another to consistently be there for their partner to be completely abandoned in favor of bad and unhealthy drinking habits.
loss of affection
an alcohol addiction significantly changes someone’s personality. individuals who have the illness may experience increased worry and anxiety regarding their relationship when they are drinking or when they are withdrawing from alcohol. alcohol consumption may also exacerbate aggressiveness, which in turn raises the possibility of dispute or conflict. they might stop caring about their relationships and become less loving and caring for those they love. the addict’s interest in their significant other eventually wanes as a result of the temporary numbness or euphoric feelings it produces. these feelings could eventually lead people to believe that being in a relationship is a burden that needs to be released.
financial troubles
financial difficulties are a typical reason for stress in partnerships and can result from alcohol addiction. financial troubles might arise from the expense of alcohol alone, but alcohol use disorders can also result in imprudent expenditure when intoxicated. additionally, heavy drinkers are more likely to call in sick or arrive at work late. both can have a negative effect on how well you perform at work or even result in unemployment, which would be extremely expensive. drinking might weaken your immune system and increase your vulnerability to disease. as your addiction worsens, you may also develop health concerns like pancreatitis and liver difficulties, which could negatively impact and result in expensive medical bills.
manage problems with alcohol in your relationship
alcohol problems or alcohol use disorder is a comprehensive illness that can seriously damage a healthier relationship. thankfully, there are numerous approaches to dealing with or avoiding alcohol-related issues in your partnership.
recognize the signs
relationships can be severely harmed by alcohol issues, even if it can be harder to tell if you have one if you’re abusing alcohol. therefore, recognizing the early warning signs and phases of addiction is one of the most effective strategies for preventing alcohol from changing your relationships. stopping drinking before it becomes an addiction can help avert its terrible consequences. by participating in instructional programs, you or a loved one can learn to recognize the warning signs and negative consequences of alcohol use and prevent alcohol addiction.
avoid codependency
if you believe that alcoholism is hurting your relationship, you must take care to prevent being codependent. maintaining a safe distance is essential to prevent enabling and ensure you don’t grow emotionally reliant on supporting them. individuals who put their spouse’s needs ahead of their own frequently experience psychological problems like melancholy and low feelings of self-worth. it can be beneficial to get away from the relationship or consider some time off when codependency is affecting you.
put yourself first
relationships, including alcoholism, might make self-care completely unnecessary. because of this, it’s critical to look after yourself to give the person you love the best care imaginable. prioritizing your health before helping others is crucial, even though you may feel that severing ties with friends or family is selfish. being apart will also stop your loved one from pressuring you to transgress boundaries or let the addiction continue. the alcohol affecting your mental and emotional health can be crucial.
intervene
partners of individuals impacted by alcohol addiction can step in by assisting them in locating rehabilitation facilities in addition to providing self-care. even though persuading a loved one to get assistance from a trained professional can be difficult, explaining the advantages of sobriety can frequently encourage them to make the initial effort. an intervention can be beneficial because countless individuals with a substance use disorder think they’re fine. friends and family members can help their loved ones understand the value of sobriety by communicating honestly, patiently, and compassionately.
source: pixabay.com
 
join a support group
individuals who are codependent on somebody who has an alcohol use disorder and those who are addicted to alcohol can benefit from support groups. they frequently assist persons in their recovery journey from codependent relationships. for a family member who requires assistance overcoming the difficulties brought on by alcohol addiction, there are additional support programs accessible. members of such organizations can talk openly about the effects alcohol has had on their lives in a secure setting. peers can support and counsel one another during trying times. support groups frequently offer participants several therapeutic advantages to support alcohol-dependent men and women.
final thoughts
according to current drug abuse reviews by substance use experts, you typically turn to alcohol to help you get through tough times. without alcohol, it’s difficult for you to have fun or interact with others. you drink to save yourself from getting angry over bad emotions. you turn to alcohol as a coping mechanism for anxiety, depression, or other psychological issues. however, in excess, it can be harmful and develop into an addiction. behavioral therapies can stop this from happening if you seek assistance from qualified professionals. with experts’ alcohol research, individuals who are in family therapy can learn coping mechanisms for stress and other factors that could cause them to drink.
faqs
why do people in a relationship rely on alcohol?
do people drink alcohol as a coping mechanism?
why does alcohol reduce anxiety?
is alcohol a good way to relax and reduce relationship stress?
how does alcohol affect relationship behavior?
how many people use alcohol to cope with relationship stress?
how can alcohol affect you socially?
how does alcohol affect you physically?
does drinking make anxiety worse?
what is psychological dependence?
why do people choose not to drink?
what are the biological causes of alcoholism?
what is the relationship between alcohol and mental disorders?
why do people’s personalities change when they drink?
how does alcohol affect social anxiety?


posted on february 22, 2024october 1, 2024author flenn washingtoncategories chemical dependency facts 



understanding addiction relapse prevention 

drug and alcohol addiction can cause abnormalities in neurological processes, which is why addiction is considered a brain disease that needs prevention. addiction can change pathways that play a role in reward processing, memory, sensory perception, and decision-making. thus, prevention is required.
source: pixabay.com
substance use or dependency may develop due to changes in the brain’s chemical makeup and function brought on by continued usage. and sometimes, it can cause an addiction relapse that requires prevention.
substance addiction and withdrawal symptoms are common complications if drinking or drug use abruptly stops or slows down after an individual becomes severely physically addicted. lack of a substance may make an individual dependent on it feel “normal.” withdrawal symptoms can be reduced, and intense cravings (or relapse) can be fought by returning to drug or alcohol usage, which may seem like a wonderful way to feel better.
relapse
for an individual dealing with an alcohol or drug misuse issue, staying sober is frequently a daily struggle. relapse is possible regardless of the length of time an individual has stayed away from substance usage because addiction is a chronic illness. a mental or physical relapse can make it challenging for a person to resume their path to smart recovery. once they use it even once, they will probably have an overwhelming urge to keep using it. so, it is essential to a person’s long-term physical and mental addiction rehabilitation to get them back into contingency management treatment programs or therapy sessions (family therapy) as soon as possible after a drug or alcohol relapse.
relapse occurs and can be particularly risky for a person who has long since stopped using drugs. long-term rehabilitation patients lose their sensitivity to the substance of abuse or addiction, which increases the risk of overdosing and even death if they take the same amount as they did when their drug or alcohol abuse was at its worst.
although relapsing is always possible with addiction, the earlier stages can be prevented by being aware of the risk indicators. it’s critical that individuals in addiction recovery be able to keep an eye on themselves and that friends and family members are aware of potential relapse triggers.
addiction relapse is not a one-time incident, as it is an ongoing process of using again. usually, it concerns a person’s psychological and emotional strength. those who have alcoholism or other substance use disorders and alcohol use disorders should recognize that they have a high chance of relapsing, identify their specific triggers, and develop good coping mechanisms for their emotions and triggers.
emotional relapse
when someone in the recovery process doesn’t even think about using again, it’s frequently the initial phase of the relapse process. anger, irritability, and worried feelings are typical negative emotional reactions that the person begins to experience. sometimes, it causes mental illness; their motivation for recovery frequently waned because they were not using their emotional support systems, and they also started to exhibit irregular food and sleep patterns. it’s critical to identify these early-warning indicators of relapse as soon as possible for someone in recovery who may be on the verge of it. it is possible to stop the problem before it gets worse by acting immediately before an individual even realizes they could be at risk for a psychological relapse.
individuals often relapse due to stress-related reasons. they likely tried using drugs or alcohol to deal with the stress in their daily life. this can involve difficulties returning to work, resolving relationship conflicts, or even readjusting to life following a chronic illness treatment. one can turn to drugs and alcohol for solace if they have an elevated level of stress and inadequate coping mechanisms.
mental relapse
the substance use disorder is currently in its second phase. an individual in addiction recovery may have internal conflict at this period because there are competing parts of them that desire to continue on the path to long-term sobriety and go back to using. addiction is seen as a chronic illness since there may always be an aspect of an individual that yearns to use again. direct ideas about using begin to surface as this relapse phase goes on, and it becomes quite challenging to halt the cycle at this point. it’s generally a question of time until a person who struggles with addiction uses it once they make up their mind.
relapse prevention skills
learning how to avoid relapses is crucial to living a fulfilling recovery life. one may develop the ability to use these coping skills one day at a time to avoid relapsing and lead a life surpassing their greatest expectations. drug or alcohol recovery is a process of personal growth and development with transitional checkpoints. relapse prevention techniques are crucial to learn and comprehend because there is always a chance of relapsing throughout any recovery phase.
source: pixabay.com
 
self-care
self-care is an integral asset of addiction recovery. someone who is recovering won’t be able to resist the triggers that could jeopardize sobriety unless they take care of their own physical, emotional, and spiritual needs. self-care enables the person to develop the grit required to continue their rehabilitation with all their heart. this can be achieved by creating and adhering to a disciplined eating, sleeping, and workout plan. by transforming unpleasant emotions into constructive ones, self-compassion can jumpstart an early recovery phase and foster a sense of well-being. the capacity to withstand the need for immediate pleasure to reap bigger advantages later on requires self-control. it’s essential for breaking bad behaviors and starting new ones when it comes to addiction.
know the triggers
an emotional, environmental, or social circumstance that stimulates recollections of past use of alcohol or drugs is known as a trigger. these recollections have the power to arouse intense feelings that compel the need to utilize drugs once more. internal triggers include feelings of worry, irritation, tension, wrath, and low self-worth. these internal issues are frequently difficult to manage and are linked to many health disorders. external triggers are another kind of trigger. these can be objects, persons, or locations that evoke memories of their previous uses. an effective technique to become conscious of one’s triggers and lower the chance of relapse rates is to make a list of both internal and external factors that cause one to make unwise choices and decisions.
mindfulness meditation for relapses
mindfulness meditation is a concept that allows individuals to build more reliable self-aware. greater self-awareness makes people more resilient to possible relapse triggers. mindfulness practice provides individuals with coping mechanisms for difficulties like cravings for drugs or the harmful consequences of substances. it may also lower the risk of relapse. to prevent a relapse, it can also help the individual become more conscious of the physiological clues his body sends out, such as stress and restlessness. improved inner peace, which strengthens one’s capacity to discover harmony within oneself and let go of challenging and painful emotions, is one of the benefits of meditation that particularly relates to addiction treatment. additionally, it helps with unmanaged stress, which is one of the main causes of relapse.
grounding techniques
stress and emotional pressure are usually the most significant barriers to a person’s recovery journey. with that, a valuable relapse prevention technique is necessary such as the grounding technique. it is a holistic approach developed to help individuals “ground” or presently connect and associate with the present moment. grounding techniques are often used to cope with the mental and emotional strain that comes out of nowhere. the process uses the five senses to concentrate and focus on the moment and dodge thoughts of negative coping strategies such as using alcohol or other drugs and negative self-talk. the sensory approach also aids any other unhealthy thought or feeling that may lead someone to want to use it to escape their unwanted high-risk situations. these include placing hands into the water, feeling air, or moving the body.
source: pixabay.com
 
 
 
join a support group
attending support groups on occasion like alcoholics anonymous offers knowledge, responsibility, encouragement, and the chance to connect with others who can relate to one another when things are difficult. two crucial components of rehabilitation are peer support and a mentor. relapse is further prevented since it lessens the likelihood of loneliness and isolation, which are two major triggers for relapse.
talk to friends and family
someone must discuss their struggles with resisting the temptation to use drugs or alcohol again. speaking with others about techniques and treatments related to one’s general health is beneficial. family members can also aid with medication monitoring for the patient’s recovery and positive psychological and practical assistance. this assistance may aid in preventing a relapse into drug addiction.
make an emergency contact list
it can be challenging to control urges when they arise, particularly when one starts healing. having a list of people in recovery that one can contact for assistance is a useful relapse prevention strategy to obtain improved outcomes and regain positive aspects of their lives. talking to someone trustworthy can assist in overcoming the craving and helping the person remember why they won’t want to resume their old habits. it is crucial to always have that list on hand since it is an easily accessible resource that may be utilized to swiftly contact a safe person.
get help
it can be quite crippling to fear relapse. but it doesn’t have to be when someone has a toolkit of good coping mechanisms at their disposal. relapse susceptibility can be considerably decreased by including these relapse prevention strategies in your daily routine. seek help by contacting a committed treatment professional to learn more about inpatient or outpatient treatment options through motivational interviewing.
 
frequently asked questions (faqs)
what skills are for preventing relapse?
what are the coping mechanisms for relapse?
which of the following are suggested relapse prevention strategies?
how can relapse in mental health be prevented?
why is relapse prevention important?
what is the relapse prevention model of addiction?
what are the critical component of mindfulness-based relapse prevention?
what is a relapse in behavior change?
is relapse a stage of recovery?
what is a relapse in behaviour change?
what are some factors that influence the risk of addiction?
what is the concept of relapse?
what are the stressors in recovery?
what are the two main coping strategies?
what is a relapse victim?


posted on february 22, 2024october 1, 2024author flenn washingtoncategories chemical dependency facts 



alternative alcohol therapy options 

 

source: sanantoniorecoverycenter.com
 
there are many effective and proven therapies for alcoholism, the most common of which include cognitive behavioral therapy and psychotherapy. this article will discuss the rest of the therapy options that are equally effective in managing alcoholism – motivational interviewing, dialectical behavioral therapy, music, art therapy, yoga, and the 12-step program.
motivational interview
in therapy, motivational interviewing or mi is an approach used to enable a patient to overcome uncertainty, create objectives for self-improvement, and remain driven to realize these objectives. mi is a known approach for dealing with substance abuse problems because numerous people feel weak and helpless against substance abuse and benefit from an integration of willpower to choose to refuse it. in a motivational interview, a mental health professional such as a therapist will support a patient in committing to change, like quitting drugs or alcohol.
mi is a short, client-focused, semi-directive treatment regimen that emphasizes strengthening and enhancing a client’s drive for transformation. it strives to intensify a client’s view on the relevance of transformation. mi is beneficial for those who have a lack of motivation or are not prepared for transformation. the practice entails a compassionate and supportive therapy method that also involves resistance. motivational interviewing is a brief regimen where the therapist and client will have meetings for at least one to four sessions. mi integrates four primary concepts in therapy: rolling with resistance, learning self-efficiency, developing inconsistency, and expressing empathy. this approach is typically applied along with other therapeutic interventions.
dialectical behavioral therapy
dbt is a form of evidence-based therapy. it functions from the expectations that opposing factors might produce a better truth, the world consistently changes, and everything is connected. these expectations comprise the foundation of the ethical structure of dialectics. in a clinical setting, a group of individual dbt sessions will entail learning to live in the moment rather than live in the past, dealing with distress and emotions, and learning truthful communication.
eventually, dbt is created to assist patients in acknowledging positive change and finding emotional equilibrium. the approach is dialectical, as the therapist who created it preferred patients to be capable of synthesizing recognition of the past to make a better life. studies have revealed that dbt works for individuals who are struggling with substance abuse disorders such as alcoholism.
music and art therapy 

source: northernvirginiamag.com
music and art are instruments of creative expression that can improve the healing process. essentially, rehabilitation facilities occasionally offer their patients music and art therapy. in the facility, music and art therapy is more than merely playing songs or painting. music and art therapy sessions are supervised by therapists, particularly to aid patients with alcoholism.
music and art therapy help individuals calm down, open up about their feelings, and remain occupied by engaging in positive activities. music and art also help reduce anxiety and depression, two typical health conditions that affect those suffering from alcoholism. this form of therapy has helped individuals tap into their feelings and needs that might be hard to express by more conventional types of communication. it also offers increased enthusiasm for treatment.
artistic expression, regardless if it is musical or visual appreciation, affects people profoundly. music, specifically, affects mood. this is what makes this type of therapy very beneficial.
yoga and meditation
these two practices can be useful strategies for dealing with cravings and staying sober. some rehab facilities even provide their own meditation and yoga classes. generally, yoga is a group of mental and physical exercises. the practice does not really have to entail a religious or spiritual element. on the other hand, meditation is any technique of relaxation that helps an individual maintain clarity and emotional and mental peace. studies have revealed that meditation and yoga can serve as therapy for individuals diagnosed with substance abuse disorders, particularly if the sessions are run by a mental health professional and in conjunction with other treatment regimens.
12-step assistance programs
a 12-step program is a supportive group where individuals freely talk about their battles with substance abuse. alcoholics anonymous is a popular 12-step program, but other programs for addictions to cocaine, marijuana, heroin, and gambling are also available. these programs offer mutual assistance to everybody in the group, helping them feel important, connected, and responsible for their sobriety. it complements other types of therapy and provides patients with something to talk about with their psychiatrists or psychologists.

source: rawpixel.com
the 12-step program is evidently effective at assisting people in attaining sobriety for the long term. because of this, therapists occasionally expedite the process of entering a 12-step community for their patients and integrate 12-step material with their patients’ encounters at group meetings into their therapy sessions.
conclusion
with numerous therapy choices, there is hope for everyone with an addiction to heal. if you or somebody you know or love is into alcohol or drugs, please act today and reach out to an experienced treatment provider.
 
 


posted on august 12, 2021october 1, 2024author flenn washingtoncategories chemical dependency facts 



why therapy is vital in treating addictions 

 

source: longislandinterventions.com
 
trying to quit addiction to street drugs, alcohol, prescription drugs – or any addiction – is quite a big accomplishment. there’s much to be proud of, but you still need to work moving forward. detox is just the beginning of a long course wherein you will learn to deal with the cravings and prevent relapse.
therapy is a primary approach in treating substance abuse for a lot of individuals. family therapy, cbt, and other forms of therapy can assist addicts in helping them quit and stay sober. psychotherapy can also manage other mental health problems that frequently cause substance abuse.
why therapy is important
addiction is largely a physical reliance on alcohol or drugs. even following detoxification, when the body is not hooked anymore, there is a higher likelihood of relapse. specific social and psychological factors are strong triggers that may cause relapse. examples include:

social groups, such as spending time with people who are using
stress, particularly spontaneous life challenges
signs from the environment, such as going into a certain neighborhood.

all these factors can lead to a powerful continuous craving to use again. therapy helps you avoid cravings and practice managing whatever life brings you without alcohol or drugs. numerous therapies can manage substance abuse, although no single approach has proven better than the other. similarly, no single method is effective for everyone with drug addiction. the best treatment regimen will be customized to your individual and addiction needs.
group vs. individual therapy
of course, any therapy for drug use is better than none at all, although group therapy is commonly preferred to individual therapy. individual therapy is beneficial when you have bipolar disorder, depression, or another relevant mental health disorder that needs therapy and is not connected with your addiction. in group therapy, on the other hand, you are most likely to be tested and backed by people who are also in rehab with you.

source: northjerseyrecovery.com
residential vs. outpatient therapy 
residential therapy isolates you from the things and places that trigger you to use alcohol or drugs. you will visit a particular facility for a timeframe of weeks and even months. while in the facility, you will develop new skills and practices for living a sober life. this method does work only briefly, as it has not been proven to help one stay sober for a longer period than outpatient programs, in which an addict joins for an hour or a few hours. outpatient therapy programs are the typical setting for alcohol and drug abuse treatment.
dialectical behavior therapy (dbt)
dbt involves change and acknowledgment. initiated in the 1970s to manage individuals who had suicidal thoughts, dbt was implemented for other purposes, including alcohol or drug abuse. in dealing with substance abuse, the focus is on decreasing it, along with the behaviors that have led to it, and improving the healthy behaviors as well that help the individual to avoid using again.
cognitive behavioral therapy
cbt educates you on how to acknowledge thoughts, circumstances, and moods that intensify the drug cravings. therapists teach you strategies on how to prevent these cravings. you will learn to substitute negative emotions and thoughts with positive ones to help you cope and stay sober.
the abilities you will develop can last forever, so cbt is truly a powerful treatment approach. however, not every therapist is trained to do cbt techniques.
family and couples therapy
addictions do not only impact your life but also your entire family. fruitful therapies require robust connections with friends and family members. different therapy approaches involve your partner and other members of the family. below are three primary reasons to try couples or family therapy.

they can start to recover from the damage that your addiction has produced in their lives.
members of the family can be a strong factor for transformation in your own life.
involving them can persuade you to continue staying with the therapy.

research has found that family therapy leads to decreased relapse rates, more happiness and positivity in the family, and assists kids of addicted parents in dealing with their situation.

source: psychiatrycentre.co.uk
inspirational interview
here, the therapist aims to drive you and assist you in maintaining your abstinence from alcohol or drugs. if you are driven by your desire to return to work or love for your family, these matters might become the center of your treatment plan.
12-step programs
na or narcotics anonymous is an internationally active group of community-based meetings for individuals recovering from drug or alcohol addiction. it was shaped after aa (alcoholics anonymous), so it is a 12-step approach with a clear process for attaining sobriety. it could also be a self-restraint program. by concept, na is against the utilization of maintenance therapy. on the other hand, ma, or methadone anonymous, is a 12-step course that recognizes the importance of methadone and other drugs used in recovery from addiction. other known recovery groups include celebrate recovery and smart recovery.
 


posted on august 11, 2021october 1, 2024author flenn washingtoncategories chemical dependency facts 



substance abuse therapy 

are you someone whose family is exposed to drug abuse? i am. and here’s my story of substance dependence and how healing came to him and the rest of the family.
source: pexels.com
introduction to drug abuse treatment
does drug addiction exist in your family? let’s learn about it from a real-life experience since it is a widespread problem that needs awareness and attention.
this is why substance help, such as addiction treatment or therapy, is a significant topic to discuss because not everyone is open about it.
substance abuse treatment – a story i will remember
when i was much younger, my dad’s little brother and sister went to another location to look for greener pastures.
soon after they moved, my aunt married.
whenever uncle jay would call us back home, he would sound really well, like he was not into drugs.
he told us that he had already become a sous chef at the restaurant where he used to work as a busboy.
source: pxhere.com
the whole family was happy for him! the support for him was overwhelming.
as the number of substance use disorders and alcohol abuse cases continues to rise, more and more family members are seeking healing and recovery.
addiction counseling can provide invaluable support and guidance to those struggling with these disorders, as well as help them cope with the addiction symptoms and effects of their disease and rebuild bonds with children and spouses.
there are many different types of substance abuse prevention therapy programs you can access, so it is important to do some research in order to find one with high effectiveness.
looking into rehabilitation programs – a way to healing and recovery
source: pexels.com
one of the most important factors to consider is whether or not the program has experience treating patients with your specific type of dependence or craving.
check with your local site to see how you can avail of the services offered by your substance abuse counselor using health insurance. counseling services for substance use disorder require addiction treatment.
my aunt saw my uncle less and less since she got pregnant and started her own family. they would no longer go out together, especially when aunt mary gave birth and got busy looking after her kid.
still, we had the impression that there was nothing wrong with them. we would eventually find out that he was indeed into drug use (or substance use), and he was able to manage cravings for some time.
at that time, he would have benefited from treatment and therapy. the addiction treatment really helps. mental health counselors assist with behavioral disorders and mental and behavioral disorders.
source: pexels.com
bringing substance abuse into the family
once aunt mary called and found out that my uncle would be bringing his friend home, though, she was a little offended. she said, “what was he doing? why would he bring substance abuse to our family?” of course, my dad was confused. alcohol (and other substance) abuse was nowhere in our minds.
we were just there to support each other in everything. all of us were not aware that the addiction was slowly creeping into the family.
was it opioid or alcohol dependence? what kind of substance use was it? we had no idea at all! we never had any abuse problems in the family. we have never talked about substance abuse treatment for any substance use disorders before.
substance abuse interventions
seeking substance abuse or drug addiction counseling and getting clinical information with a mental health addiction counselor or licensed professional was not a topic in the family back then. we always thought we were the healthy ones. we were stubborn to seek health counselors’ help for disorders and mental issues.
it was difficult to process. dependence was only something that happened to other families – not ours! but, yes, sadly, we were one of those families.
my aunt divulged that the same guy introduced my uncle to substances that could potentially lead to dependence on drugs. when i heard the truth about it, even i could not believe it. i thought my uncle jay had always been sensible and responsible enough to know that substance abuse is not good for anybody.
my dad did not believe it either and even got a little upset with my aunt for thinking awfully about their brother. all she said was, “you’ll see what i mean when they get there.” it was then that my dad thought about therapy for dependence.
source: pexels.com
he looked into residential treatment facilities, treatment providers, and counselors. he didn’t expect to be dealing with substance abuse when it came to his brother.
now, he was worried about his mental health and the mental health of the whole family. was substance use really in the family?
abusive behavior and therapy
since i heard about my uncle’s possible dependence, i began observing the signs. it had been almost ten years since i saw him last, but uncle jay did not change much.
he had no apparent mental health conditions.
the most apparent thing was that he wore more expensive clothes these days, which was nice.
source: pexels.com
you wouldn’t think about substance abuse when you looked at him.
he wasn’t someone who would go into counseling or someone who had drug cravings.
then, one evening, my mom asked me to call my uncle and his friend since dinner was already prepared. they shared the guest room while staying with us. i slowly walked up the stairs for some reason. that’s when i saw julio in the act of inhaling two lines of cocaine on his side table. and my dad saw everything too. substance abuse right in front of my face!
dad kicked julio out that same night and told him never to come back since he was no longer welcome in our family because of his addiction problem. he wanted him to swear that he’d go to therapy or counseling. the family was just shocked.
what happened to the individual?
as all the drug dependence drama was happening, my uncle was rooted in the bathroom entryway. he only moved when dad returned upstairs and asked him if he knew that julio was a user and addict.
uncle jay was adamant about denying his friend being an addict. he said he wouldn’t have made friends with the guy if he had known his addiction problem beforehand. however, since aunt mary forewarned us, my dad did not believe him. he brought my uncle to the hospital the next day for a drug test, regardless of how much uncle jay protested. the results turned out positive, of course.
source: pexels.com
as it turned out, uncle jay started using drugs when my aunt got married. he was not used to being alone, so he turned to illicit drugs to feel less lonely in life and not go into depression.
while it was no excuse to use, my dad’s heart softened and allowed him to stay in our house while getting addiction therapy. he talked to some substance abuse counselors who discussed family therapy sessions, treatment facilities, support groups, and treatment approaches and education that might help my uncle.
these support groups and treatment approaches may also be found online.
seeking help
the counseling and treatment, which included individual therapy and group therapy, practically aimed to help my uncle avoid relapse, learn independence, and become less gullible than usual when it came to friends who use drugs like julio.
it only took six counseling sessions, but the change in my uncle’s disposition was incredible. the group therapy was really helpful in improving my uncle’s life. we were all hoping for a successful treatment process for him. he had all the support from his family.
when my uncle left, the first person he went to was aunt mary. uncle jay told her everything that happened during his visit, and they patched their relationship up. last i heard, he was volunteering at a local counseling facility in his spare time to help with treating addicts like him.
he still went for counseling and therapy for his individual needs and was keen to read through treatment plans to keep himself at bay. he would also visit residential treatment facilities and attend alcoholics anonymous meetings.
all these became an important part of his life.
the state of maryland is home to many top-rated addiction counseling programs. in rockville, the community comes together to share resources and ensure that everyone has access to the help they need. states like maryland are leaders in the fight against dependence, and they ensure that their communities are safe and healthy places to live. the samhsa national helpline is a free, confidential, 24/7, 365-day-a-year treatment referral and information service (in english and spanish) for individuals, teens, families, and communities facing mental and/or substance use disorders.
if you or someone you know is experiencing a crisis, call the national helpline at 1-800-662-help (4357) or contact “home” to the crisis text line at 741-741. in addition, they are open 24 hours. part of their role is to connect you with local resources or addiction counselors to page you and help you reduce your mental health worries and behavioral disorders.
frequently asked questions
1. how can you help those persons who are into substance abuse?
2. where can i ask questions about drugs?
3. what does an addiction counselor do?
4. what is the most effective way to deal with substance abuse?
5. how can you help yourself or others to say no to drugs?
6. what are the common stages usually included in a drug abuse recovery program?
7. what are the primary goals of a recovery program?
8. initially, how do you approach someone who is addicted to help him start his recovery?
9. does substance abuse affect a person’s brain and other parts of his body?
10. what entails the process of substance abuse therapy?
11. what are some ways that you can help minimize substance abuse in your own neighborhood?
12. what are some of the most common conditions that result from drug abuse?
13. what is the best solution to substance abuse and misuse?
14. what are the two most addictive things?
15. what are the consequences of substance abuse?


posted on may 12, 2021october 1, 2024author flenn washingtoncategories counseling 



frequently asked questions about the psychology of addictive behaviors 

what comes to your mind when you hear the word “addiction?” usually, when you hear this word, you may think of dependency on drugs or alcohol. after all, these addictions plague over 22.5 million americans annually.
however, addiction doesn’t just pertain to heavy dependence on drugs or alcohol. some people can also exhibit addictive behaviors toward activities. gaming and having sex are just some of the common and potentially addictive activities.
even excessive browsing through endless apps like facebook and twitter or e-commerce websites can qualify as addictive behavior.
source: unsplash.com
sure, these activities are indeed enjoyable, with little to no immediate consequences. however, other addictions can also bring immediate problems. you can get addicted to gambling or shopping. these activities entail spending a significant amount of money.
some people can also become obsessed with their appearance. thus, they can develop an addiction to exercise, tanning, or plastic surgery. these addictions can then lead to serious physical health conditions.
but generally speaking, behavioral addictions seem milder than substance abuse and addiction. however, these conditions aren’t as foreign to each other as they seem. 
a study has even shown glaring similarities between the two. here are just some of the symptoms of behavioral addictions, which are also apparent in substance abuse cases:

feeling of euphoria while indulging in the activity
withdrawal symptoms
developing tolerance and increasing intensity of behavior
thinking obsessive thoughts
losing the ability to control behavior

and so, at the psychological level, fatal substance abuse and relatively mild behavioral addictions are actually on the same level. 
thus, therapists must dig deep into the psychology of these behaviors to treat addicted patients. they need to look through all known factors. once they can fully understand why their patients indulge in their activities, they can help shift their mindset.
addiction may also be a product of stress, pressure, and other mental and physical conditions. for substance abuse, some users turn to drugs for their natural pain-relieving effects. such a state of high can then lead to dependence, misuse, and addiction. 
so, the question is, how can daily and mundane activities like eating and shopping result in addictive behavior?
in this article, you can find the answer to this bugging question. we also listed other frequently asked questions to help you better understand the psychology of addictive behaviors.
what does psychology say about addiction?
psychology explains that addiction occurs when a person cannot stop doing a pleasurable activity despite its harmful effects on their quality of life and physical well-being.
for example, someone with uncontrollable drinking habits that negatively impact their relationships, work, and health would be considered an alcohol addict. drugs and gambling are other activities that a person may get addicted to.
what are the psychological theories of addiction?
some psychological theories of addiction are learning theories, including classical and operant conditioning, social learning theory, cognitive psychology, and self-medication theories.
classical conditioning occurs because people may learn to associate substances with pleasure, triggering a craving response. an operant condition occurs when they perceive the addictive substance as a positive reinforcement that helps them with their negative emotions.
social learning theory considers addiction a learned or mimicked behavior; cognitive psychology talks about how the substance impairs memory and function. lastly, self-medication theories explain why people develop an addiction to help with their pain.
why is the idea of having an addictive personality harmful?
addictive personality is a myth that can be harmful as it perpetuates cruel stereotypes and may negatively affect the likelihood of a person seeking rehabilitation for their addiction.
while it is true that people getting rid of addiction may substitute it for another one, it does not necessarily support that they have an addictive personality. furthermore, there is little research and evidence that support this claim.
why are things addicting?
some things or activities are addicting because we learn to associate them with pleasure, making the brain’s reward system active when we see them. other reasons affecting our addiction are genetics, social networks, emotional trauma, and other mental illnesses.
how does addiction hijack the brain?
when we are repeatedly exposed or introduced to an addictive substance or behavior, our nerve cells learn to associate liking with wanting, which leads us to become addicted. so, when we encounter this substance or behavior, we strive to get it to reap the rewards or pleasure.
source: unsplash.com
what is an addictive behavior?
addictive behavior may refer to continuously seeking the substance or activities that trigger our brain’s reward system despite its negative consequences. it may also mean the reinforcing and rewarding stimulus that affects the development of an addiction.
the following red flags indicate an addictive behavior:

having trouble stopping
dependence on the substance or action to feel normal
social withdrawal
repeatedly engaging with the substance or doing the action despite negative impacts on yourself.
difficulty focusing on other things except for the addictive substance or action.

what is the addiction pathway?
the addiction pathway is the part of your brain responsible for motivating behavior. people used to refer to this part as the pleasure center, and it is one part of our body that we also share with other animals. today, it is more commonly known as the brain reward region.
how do i activate my brain reward system?
to activate your brain’s reward system, you must be exposed to a rewarding stimulus that can trigger an increase in dopamine – a neurotransmitter associated with pleasure. and research says that the reward systems are situated near major dopamine pathways. that is why, when we do addictive activities or substances, we feel pleasure.
how do addictive behaviors start?
addictive behaviors are triggered and started by emotional trauma and abuse, mood disorders, and the immediate social environment.
when people experiencing these things are exposed to pleasurable activities – gaming, gambling, sex, and food, the neurotransmitters in the brain are triggered and released. it becomes a want, making them crave and continuously participate in these activities despite its adverse effects on themselves and their relationships.
conclusion
now that you know about the hows and whys of addictive behavior, you can better understand it as a mental health problem. it might not be as fatal as drug or alcohol overuse, but it is just as mentally draining. 
besides, each of the common addictive behaviors also has its consequences. gambling addiction can lead to bankruptcy, and excessive gaming can lead to loss of productivity. some of these addictions can even lead to obsessive and risky actions so that you can partake in an activity.
source: pexels.com
if you know someone who is exhibiting symptoms of behavioral addiction, talk to them about their behavior. better yet, if you notice an increased dependence or too much risk-taking to partake in an activity, seek professional help. 
but if you’re the one experiencing these symptoms, reflect. while addictive behavior can provide you with unexplainable happiness, remember how fleeting such a feeling can be. don’t wait for your situation to worsen before asking for legitimate help.
do not be ashamed of whatever your addiction may be. after all, the first step to improvement is to recognize your own shortcomings. 
be accountable for your actions and accept the help you deserve. you can seek counseling and therapy from licensed and certified mental health professionals. there are many types of counseling programs you can try to help yourself out.
you can also practice healthy coping mechanisms as you try to replace your obsessive and addictive nature. here are just some activities you can try:

practice yoga or aerobic exercise
listen to music
take strolls
read books

most of all, you can seek the help and support of your loved ones. you can ask your family to be frank with you so they can provide you with feedback and constructive criticism. even just having one friend check up on you and hold you accountable can be beneficial.
addiction is as much a mental health issue as any other condition. so, don’t beat yourself up because repeatedly blaming yourself won’t get you anywhere. instead, reflect and take proper action. the more you understand what you’re going through, the more chances of changing for the better.


posted on march 18, 2021october 1, 2024author flenn washingtoncategories chemical dependency facts 


posts pagination
page 1
page 2
…
page 6
next page







				proudly powered by wordpress			










