




valentines resort: bahamas resort on harbour island

































































 








 


 
 
stay
dock
dine
events  

corporate events
wedding accomodations
events calendar


shop
experience
about
contact
resources  

photos
blog
reviews
careers
friends
offers
faqs
media
policies



 
 
1 (954) 463-4519
book now!
 










experience being a local on harbour island
valentines resort
laidback island luxury
stay in style. dock your yacht. soak up the authenticity.
watch video 



        
        book your stay
        

    



        
        book your slip
        

    


experience the best
the bahamas has to offer



 from our world class marina to the unspoiled beauty of the pink sand beach at valentines, a tropical bahamian paradise on exclusive harbour island where laidback island luxury meets all the comforts of home. we believe that everything we do is to share the bahamas love so that everyone finds joy.



join friends of valentines
loyalty program
stay in the loop to get exclusive offers and savings.



        
        learn more
        

    

extra night on us
stay a little longer on us at valentines resort & marina



        
        learn more
        

    










accomodations
stay with us



the tranquility of slow island living meets an unbeatable location steps away from all that harbour island has to offer. retire to your suite with all the comforts of home after an ocean adventure, a night on the town or dinner at your favorite dunmore town restaurant. no matter your agenda, valentines is at the heart of it all.





        
        learn more
        

    

modern marina
slip into our marina



the largest yacht marina in harbour island, bahamas, loaded with every amenity you expect. we are the premier marina on the island with capacity to support everything from day trippers looking for a meal, all the way up to yachts 200 ft long. book your slip in paradise with valentines.





        
        book your slip
        

    










there’s no such thing as a tourist at valentines




you’ll find boutique accommodations all around, but only valentines offers an authentic, local experience. our family will treat you and yours with world-class service, personalized care, and local charm. stay and sail with us to experience renowned 5-star hospitality without the dress code.



waterfront dining
old world charm meets modern comfort



enjoy savory dockside dishes with your family and new-found friends. at our award winning rooster tail bar & grill, you will enjoy world-class fare, exquisite waterfront views, and blissful island vibes.





        
        dine with us
        

    



















pink sand beach
the pink sand is famous, but you can have it all to yourself



experience harbour island’s famous pink sand beach and clear blue waters for yourself on a dedicated stretch of beach just for valentines guests.





        
        explore
        

    

hear from our guests






perfect getaway!
valentines resort is the perfect getaway! the staff are beyond friendly, the resort is well maintained with a great location. this was our third visit this year. we just love it and can’t wait to return soon!
karen, 3-night trip
verified hotels.com guest review








great resort and marina within a short walk.
valentines is a great place to stay, or simply hang out. they have happy hour daily from 4.00 to 6.00 pm, with drink and food specials. several charter boats there, so lots of activity, and the sunset was perfect!
david l








rating valentines a “wow”
just back from a cold weather escape to valentines resort and i would rate it a ” wow” !! my first visit – so did not know what to expect … but definitely recommending to friends ! thank you’s to chris at the bar, and curt for fresh flowers in my room and taking such good care of us !! beach chairs at pink sands perfect ! and fantastic happy hour for sunsets at marina .
jody w
baltimore, maryland








beautiful sanctuary
congratulations! befitting accolades! my friend and i still talk about the wonderful time we had at your resort! the kids loved it!! you have created a beautiful sanctuary at valentines with an amazing ambiance and fantastic customer service!
you and your team rock!
suzanne pattusch
executive vice president, bahamas hotel and tourism association








positive environment
our friends and fellow yacht owners stayed at valentines’ marina & rented our unit last weekend for 5 nights. they raved about the marina, fabulous internet, loved our unit & commented on the cleanliness & upkeep of the property. not one negative comment!!!! they were true diehards of ramora!!! they will be travelling up the eastern coast this summer but would definately return to valentines in the future. thanks once again for turning valentines into a positive environment dean. we will be there july 2nd onboard “full circle”. see you then.
alana markus








absolutely beautiful!
we had the pleasure of staying at valentines while we were at harbour island in june of 2014. what a beautiful resort – top of the line all the way! i only have one suggestion – bring bug spray with you. the bugs/flies are horrible on the island.
bahamasgirlatheart
senior reviewer, pittsburgh, pennsylvania








feels like home!
our family and friends have been staying at valentines’ for years. this property is absolutely gorgeous, but the local staff makes it feel like we are returning home. perfect place for a group or family reunion. kurt & vanessa will treat you like a vip from the time you arrive. the housekeeping staff will welcome your children and greet you…
isllandgirl06853
charleston, south carolina








valentines is the best!
valentine’s marina and hotel is the best in the bahamas, and we have visited them all! as boater’s, we value a safe and secure marina, but valentines is much more than that. marcus, the dock master, and his assistant peter, are always available for any of our needs, and make our time there feel like a home away from home….
michele1120
houston, texas








excellent property
roomy, well appointed rooms. wonderful bar. very convenient location very close to all of the best of harbour island. staff is always kind and helpful. i have stayed at this property many times and always had a good experience. marina is as good as it gets.
beauphus
senior contributor, juno beach, florida








every need was met for our wedding in harbour island
the beautiful valentines marina is where we docked after having our nuptials on our boat, just outside of the harbour. hans moncur, manager, was our “go-to man”, arranging everything to cocktails/dinner at the restaurant for our group, to lining up a local photographer and singer/guitarist. he even suggested a painted driftwood sign as a keepsake, made by a local artisan….
kevinsqt
lighthouse point, florida








lovely hotel
lovely hotel. the rooms were beautiful clean and with all the amenities you would need. staff were really friendly. great bar with lovely food. the hotel was a great base to explore the island, i would recommend this hotel.
marek







        
        read more reviews
        

    


more valentines resort & marina reviews



        
        google reviews
        

    



        
        expedia.com
        

    



        
        trip advisor
        

    



        
        booking.com
        

    

be our friend
friends of valentines



as a friend of valentines, you will be the first to get early access to our news, stories, and exclusive offers.




 
















join loyalty program
	

 email (required)  



 first name (required)  



i agree to the  terms and conditions.
		









why valentines?




the largest marina on harbour island
travel and leisure magazine named harbour island, bahamas the “best in the caribbean,” but only valentines gives you every amenity straight from the dock.






unparalleled experience
valentines is the perfect home base for your stay on harbour island. explore adventures, then retreat with the best amenities, in comfort and style.






approachable elegance
our service is elevated, but our staff is down-to-earth. valentines’ guests return year after year for our trademark friendliness and excellence.





        
        our story
        

    

see why harbour island is ranked the “best island in the caribbean”




        
        view gallery
        

    

feel at home away from home
your personalized experience awaits.



        
        book your stay
        

    
 













1 (954) 463-4519 / 1 (242) 333-2142 
reservations@valentinesresort.com




1 bay street, harbour island, the bahamas





















		© 2025 valentines resort & marina 
harbour island, the bahamas   


 

policies
careers
reviews
offers
photos
calendar
media
friends
blog
contact
 





loading...





 


book your stay

 



book your stay at valentines resort





check in





check out








book now





			x			














































