












kansas society of cpas & educational foundation























 








for studentscareer hq faqs contact us | join/log&nbspin 




 

membershipjoinbenefitsmy accountmy interestsmy cpe trackermy accessmember directoryremote work toolkitdiversity equity + inclusion (de+i) centerfeatured toolpreferred provider perkstips & tricks to stay organizedaccounting resources pageconnectget involvedaccounting career kick-start programtask forces + committeesnewly licensed cpasmicro-volunteerpeer groupschapterscentralmetronortheastwesternwichitanetworking eventskscpa member value daybusiness leaders insight network (blink)leadership program alumniinnovatetrends + future ready solutionsignite bloglead to the future program (l2f)knowledge hubsolutions hubexpert forumstaking the road less traveled video seriesadvocatebuild + protect our professionaccounting career kick-start programkscpa educational foundationlegislative updatesadvocacy impact + influenceadvocacy in action toolkitpeer reviewlearnlearning hubsearch cpe / cpe calendarfeatured cpe offeringscpe policies + requirementscareer hqcareer centercareer stage leadership developmentlead to the future program (l2f)studentsinspire business campscholarshipscpa career pathdevelop learning center + mentorsfor the publicfind a cpakmaagsponsorship | partner with uscareer centerpress releasesscholarshipsaccountancy laws + regulationssingle audit resourcessenior care cost & financial resourcesaboutmission, vision + strategyboard of directorsbylaws + annual reportschair yearbook + historybenefitseducational foundationscholarshipsterms + privacy 

 






scroll 










you've arrived.


welcome to the kansas society of cpas.



                                an inclusive community that connects, innovates, advocates and learns.
                            


about us















supporting & developing our members


while promoting the profession.


member benefits















kscpa learning hub.


learning designed to move your career forward.


explore cpe offerings
















                                hello!
                            



                                we're glad you're here.
                            

you are a valued member of our community and together we make the accounting profession sparkle. we have a wide variety of opportunities to connect, innovate, advocate, and learn together. kscpa is your personalized access point to experts, reliable facts, leadership, and social connections.
we've accomplished a lot the last few years, balancing these uncertain times with reasons to celebrate our important work of keeping our profession bright in kansas. our important work















                                member access
                            



                                exclusive member community and resources
                            

peer groupsengage ideas, challenges, and solutions with colleagues.knowledge huba library of free downloadable content from leading experts.remote work toolkita guide for having a successful remote team.de&itoolkits & learning about diversity & inclusionmember directorylocate and connect with your fellow members.l2f leadership programour renowned leadership program.





                                support future cpas!
                            



                                kscpa educational foundation
                            

as you plan your 2024 charitable gifts, please consider investing in the kscpa educational foundation to help us build the pipeline of tomorrow's cpas. give now!















									members in action | opportunities
								





											7,000+
										





cpe offerings





                                            513
                                        





legislative / advocacy views





											131
										





leadership program graduates





                                            91%
                                        





member retention rate




help us grow our numbers













                                focus on our future.
                            



                                build | protect
                            

kscpa is the only organization advocating and protecting the future of kansas cpas. our advocacy efforts start with attracting and building the talent pipeline of future cpa leaders, while keeping a pulse on legislative activity and providing expertise to legislators.
 learn more









									leadership
								



									insights
								

amanda walker, jd, cpa | bever dye, lc, attorneys at lawchair | kscpa board of directorsi believe strongly in leading by example. if you want your team to act with integrity, you must exhibit it too. if you want your team to innovate, you must open your mind to different ideas and be willing to listen to them.meagan wellbrock, cpa | adams brown, llcvice-chair | kscpa board of directorsleadership has never been more important to the accounting profession than it is today. with an ever-evolving landscape, and hurdles to overcome that the profession hasn’t seen before, we all must take an active role in highlighting the opportunities our profession can provide. leadership encompasses expertise in subject matter areas, making decisions…for our teams, clients, ourselves and future generations, having interpersonal skills to further develop relationships, being able to resolve conflict and, maybe most importantly, having courage to not be satisfied with the status quo! effective leadership will continue to mold the accounting profession in to an exciting and rewarding career path for all!darren anderson, cpa, cgma, cnc | swindoll, janzen, hawk & loyd, llcsecretary/treasurer | kscpa board of directorsleadership begins with a commitment to continuous learning and growth—seeking wisdom from others while striving to improve yourself. it means going last when others want to go first and stepping forward when others are hesitant to change or take action. true leadership inspires people to become the best version of themselves and helps them uncover and achieve their goals and dreams. it’s about leading by example, adapting, and growing, while staying humble enough to recognize you don’t have all the answers—and knowing that asking for help is a sign of strength, not weakness.norman hope, ph.d., cpa, cgma | mcpherson collegeimmediate past chair | kscpa board of directorsleadership is a function of seven big ideas: serve others, be generous, have integrity, create community, pursue excellence, exhibit graciousness, and understand hope. the idea that resonates with me the most is understand hope. hope has an author who provides us with the power to believe that anything is possible. hope is knowing that the circumstances we face are temporary, opportunities we encounter are endless, and as long as we believe, anything can happen!











									trending news
								



									impacting the profession
								







                                                    kscpa news
                                                






august 4, 2024




													kscpa joins efforts to get accounting recognized under stem
												










                                                    thought leadership
                                                






march 27, 2024




													shape profession-wide efforts to tackle the talent shortage & attract more people to accounting
												










                                                    kscpa news
                                                






december 14, 2023




													call to action: u.s. senate pass h.r. 5119 (as passed by the u.s. house) before the end of the year
												










                                                    kscpa news
                                                






september 7, 2023




													kscpa reaches out to congress to support delay in beneficial ownership reporting requirements
												










                                                    talent
                                                






june 9, 2023




													aicpa/nasba looking for firms to participate in experience, learn and earn program
												










                                                    kdol alert
                                                






january 27, 2023




													kansas department of labor letter - 1099-g forms & unemployment benefits
												










                                                    kscpa news
                                                






march 15, 2022




													kscpa announces new president & ceo
												















									ignite blog
								



									a blog spotlighting possibilities that spark future-ready success.
								










january 31, 2025




													advocacy 2025
												













december 12, 2024




													look back, look forward, look up
												













november 21, 2024




													a crucial window for estate planning: preparing for 2026 changes
												













october 31, 2024




													flipping the script: how cpas can rewrite the profession’s story
												













september 27, 2024




													board retreat 2024 | focusing on the future
												













august 30, 2024




													resources for building a successful accounting career - kindergarten to young professional
												













july 25, 2024




													is an accounting reboot imminent?  part three | computers & other supporting characters role in a new accounting paradigm
												













june 27, 2024




													is an accounting reboot imminent?  part two | break the mold™ and boldly lead the profession
												













may 31, 2024




													is an accounting reboot imminent? part one | the perfect storm - watch, warning or destruction?
												













april 25, 2024




													the emotional side of selling or buying a cpa firm
												














									together we can accomplish great things!
								

become a member todayjoin us.renew your membership todayrenew.










quick links



about


faqs


news


blog


facebook


linkedin


membership


leadership


contact us


search cpe


twitter


youtube












© copyright 2025 kscpa | all rights reserved


















