






iwasawa oriental art – japanese art and antiques in the san francisco bay area

































 
















about
contact
services
news
collections

covid-19 charity
store collections
furniture
limited edition japanese erotica books: 限定版春画本


resources

glossary
links
ijaponesque
books

creativity within tradition
what is urushi?


netsuke

netsuke & japanese art online research center
international netsuke society




gift certificates






 










welcome!!いらっしゃいませ！  




celebrating over 40 yearsof fine oriental art祝四十周年




the philosophy oftransmitting the tradition伝統を貫くその思い




celebrating the fruition ofgood deeds慶溢萬齢




japanese aesthetics日本の美意識




love for ever-changing natureうつろう自然を愛する心




soul of japan in los gatos日本の心をロスガトスから

soul of japanese culture










services
art evaluationevent managementart purchaseprivate eventsdecoratingrestorationlearn moreand more...
  

furniture



creativity within tradition



los gatos living magazine



calligraphy class



limited edition japanese erotica books: 限定版春画本



ijaponesque

 
 
testimonials

“iwasawa oriental art has been in business in los gatos for over thirty years, introducing japanese art and culture to a broad audience. in addition to showing traditional art objects, iwasawa oriental art presents numerous exhibits and programs that introduce many aspects of japanese culture — such as tea ceremony, calligraphy, lacquer wares, and food — to its community. as one of the most innovative galleries in silicon valley, iwasawa oriental art is now engaged in combining traditional arts with modern and contemporary art, to demonstrate the appeal of modern aesthetics in japanese arts.”
emily sano, director emerita, asian art museum san francisco





“kumiko iwasawa and her extraordinary gallery in los gatos have been a refuge and inspiration for me in many ways. i am humbled by her dedication to quality and beauty on such a high scale and am proud to have used her pieces at manresa restaurant and as meaningful contributions in our own published works. the spirit of iwasawa oriental arts truly is an oasis in the frenetic nature of our modern lives.”
david kinch, chef-proprietor, manresa restaurant in los gatos




latest news
  

newsbuddhāvataṃsaka sūtra (華厳経)january 16, 2025



art piece of the month顔施: gift of the smiledecember 12, 2024



eventsthe los gatos tree: 101november 26, 2024



art piece of the monthart of botany: 木下 宗道 michiko sodo kinoshitanovember 4, 2024

 
 
news archive








about iwasawa oriental art 



iwasawa oriental art is a japanese art and antique gallery located in the center of downtown los gatos, california, about 40 minutes from san francisco international airport, or 15 minutes from san jose international airport. we are easily accessible from throughout the san francisco bay area.










contact gallery location: 75 university ave., los gatos, ca 95030
mailing address: p.o. box 1660, los gatos, ca 95031
phone: (408) 395-2339
fax: (408) 899-5950
e-mail: iwasawaart@comcast.net

gallery hours: 11am – 5pm / tuesday – saturday
to confirm the gallery is open or to schedule an appointment, please call us.






© 2025 iwasawa oriental art. all rights reserved

 














