


press release: feb 2, 2020 the second step after the first step act pl 115-391  signed into law  expung or expunge your legal record. expungement lawyers and  employee discrimination rights law  books    














 tm  








welcome to uslawbooks.com ™  




with free    pro
      se power tips tm


 ble width="1089">
    

the most important books in law today!
following "the first step act" with 
 the " second step"









   


since 1997 
 


 
 








"your one stop law 
book shop"





we review and offer you some of  the best in law books 
today. 





legal knowledge empowers you!you need to learn the law before you need to use it. in our opinion  
  a typical $20.00 law book  contains thousands of dollars worth 
of legal information. get them for family and friends. a gift that keeps giving.





these are 
  the same books students of law, legal counsellors, lawyers, attorneys and the court judges 
  use 
we   have the books you need-all are here.. 
 obtain the current pro se dvd law study library collection  





 

some of the most relevant books in law today!



now what comes after the  first step act? your "second step" expunging disabling  legal records that will continue to impare you in society.
congress passes long overdue law known ( that we advocated at u.s. lawbooks since 1997!) as the first step act and then on december 21, 2018, president trump signed into law the first step act (fsa) of 2018 (p.l. 115- 391). the act was the culmination of a bi-partisan effort to improve criminal justice outcomes. but the relief obtained is only the begining you must follow through to step two.


 
now the second step is your responsability
the second step is to clean your record at every level so you will have a fully fresh start with the expngment of all the records may continue to hold you down or back. many states will be slow to help you so you may start the process first by educatining yourself and then sharing this book with your state's attorney general  with your attorney.. do not allow yourself to be discriminated in hiring due to a past record.
expungements 3rd edition " freedom from the disability of a legal record  * the #1 book on the subject of expungements 


 

*it is recommended that no one  attempt to expung a legal record before reading this book with or without and expungement lawyer. you may unknowingly say or do something that may result in a denial with or without an expungment attorney! an excellent book for youth guidance counselors. 
are you a victim of demfatory  information on the internet? stop it now! 



  
"defending your employee rights book 2nd edition "the ultimate employee survival guide!  our best selling employment law book of the year. the new 2nd edition for protecting the work rights of all employees including  managers and executives...... 


 
special order today - limited time special 40% off on these best sellers !  


 
  







the 
        yellow star are books you must have in your 
        law library!
the 
        gold star - these are outstanding in their area of 
        specialty. the very best ! 
the 
        red star collection-the recommended collection for the 
        first year law student. order these  for a great start! these in 
        conjunction with your local rules of court that you get from your will 
        provide you with nearly all you need to understand and practice the law in 
        your state and the federal courts.
authors and publishers,
            send us your law related book for review and posting. we will link
        directly to your site for ordering. email for details.  



quick jump index 

sudent   pro se     law cd & dvd    horn books   philosophy   state  rules & practice   federal rules   fed practice    forensics  trial practice  discovery   torts  appeals  






       
          start your law library today 
begin by buying  a book on torts and civil 
          procedure or order our complete law cd library collection .
if you have any questions regarding what books you need 
      for a particular case e-mail us and we will guide you to some of the best 
      selections for your legal needs. info@uslawbooks.com
 


 



any lawyer will tell 
        you that law study only requires a few good books. anyone can master it 
        with the basic practice books and specialty for the area of law such as 
        criminal, patent, family etc. all  the books you will ever need are 
        here. empower yourself with the knowledge of this important area 
        of study. you must learn the law before you need to use it and get all 
        the court experience you can. argue every case no matter how trivial if 
        even for just the experience. special note: never 
        represent yourself in a criminal matter or one that involves a substantial 
        pecuniary (monetary value) interest - experience can not be bought. 

 



o.w. holmes

 
 
"when we study law we are not studying a 
  mystery but a well known profession."from  "the path of the law" oliver wendell holmes. justice us supreme court 1902-1932



see our current pro se cd law study collection  






if you are here you are serious about law study so do not pass this up!!
see our power packed pro se cd collection.  legal forms, briefs, 
          law dictionary, videos, tutorials, law study and more! 
newly 
          added ucc collection   
only 10$ for each collection/course of study 





demand compensation for the use of your private inormation or have it removed if you or your information are in danger from data thieves! 
how to protect your personal privacy and information on the web 





pro se power tip 
          tm #1: first rule of 
        law




the secret to filing 
                    correctly and the format to   use is in the court rules 
                    - you must have them - the rules are 
                simple 


 read all our tips on this page or you may  will wish 
  you did later!



court
          rules -we have them all here both state and
federal rules 













          the emanuel law student series order directly from this page  we can not say enough about 
            the emanuel books. most are all less than $20.00 and are written for law 
            students (harvard, yale and all other law schools) . we believe that 
            there is no easier or better way to study, learn and understand the 
            law on your own than by using these books. make one (torts) of these books 
            your first purchase now - do not leave this page without at least one 
            of emanuel's books. get torts, civil procedure and evidence ! in  
          a few weeks of casual study you will be mastering  the basic concepts law. 
          

 
          torts-general editiondetailed 
            study of all the court recognized injuries one can sue for. 
 
          torts-case booklandmark 
          cases in tort law.  
 
          civil procedurethe 
          how, what, when and why of proceeding with a case. 
 
          constitutional lawleading 
          cases detail your rights. 
 
          evidencewhat 
          is evidence and what is not. no evidence no case. 
 
          contract laweverything 
          you want to know about contracts. 
 
          criminal law -what is a crime, what are the proofs, what are lawful defenses 
          and all! 
 
          property lawlaw 
        of property. 
 
 







pro se and general topics 
without prejudice -ucc 1-207 : the sovereign covenant. - by william dixon. an excellent popular introduction by a non attorney on the uniform commercial code the most secretive open to the public laws on book. a must have book for your law library. 

manual on uniform traffic control 
      devicesfrom u.s. dept. of 
      transportation. nearly every statemust comply to 
      the specifications of signs in this book. if the sign does not comply its 
      law does not exist so the ticket is void. 
 how to win a lawsuit without hiring a 
      lawyer by attorney david 
      grossack ...a course in pro se justice. there has not been a better book 
      written on this subject.
expungement-how to clean a criminal 
      record freedom from a 
      disabling life sentence of a legal record. black's law dictionary, pocket edition legal method and writing, 3rd. ed.- 
      calleros legal method and process, 2d ed.; 
      introduction - berch, berch and spritzer  litigation and pleadings - nemeth  the process of legal research, 4th. ed. - kunz, 
      schmedemann, downs & bateson 101 law forms for personal use
dsm-iv diagnostic and statistical manual 
      of mental disorders, rev. iv (useful in divorce/custody)  california civil litigation - west publ.
winning through intimidation - robert 
      ringer- yes, intimidation is a big 
      part of the legal game!
the secret to saving legal fees- 
      craig g. kallen ii. j.d.-excellent book for those 
      looking  for legal representation! in spite of the title this work 
      discloses  some of the best practical  tips and techniques by 
      this savvy trial attorney. covers divorce, personal injury, estates and 
      trust, business, adr and more. with forms.. 
    plea bargaining: the experiences of 
      prosecutors, judges and defense attorneys-milton heuman 
  






pro se power 
      tip tm   
      #2: second rule of 
      law




 you must 
            file a proper complaint or it will be dismissed. if it is dismissed 
            "with prejudice", that means you can not reopen your case. file 
            correctly the first 
      time!

 






the philosophy of law - inside the practice of law and inside the court 
            chambers. who really run the courts. what court clerks are 
            doing!
 an introduction to the philosophy of 
            law- roscoe pound and marshall l. derosa lawyer: a life of counsel and 
            controversy arthur l. liman peter israel in search of 
            atticus finch: a motivational book for lawyers - mike papantonio d. fitch 
            (editor) cynthia turner (illustrator)resurrecting aesop - fables lawyers should know - mike papantonio d. fitch  
            cynthia turner (illustrator)  from seville 
            publishing
clarence darrow, the journeyman: lessons for the modern lawyer- mike papantonio
            cynthia turner (illustrator) from seville publishing
closing 
            arguments - the last battle. levin - papantonio   from seville publishing
how 
            to argue and win every time - gerry spence 
with justice for none: destroying an 
            american myth- gerry spence the making of a country lawyer- gerry 
            spence  give
            me liberty!: freeing ourselves in the twenty-first century- gerry l. spence 
from 
            freedom to slavery: the rebirth of tyranny in america- gerry spence            
closed chambers: the first eyewitness 
            account of the epic struggles inside the supreme court- edward p. lazarus 
            of u.s. supreme court  closed
            chambers : the rise, fall and future of the modern supreme court- edward
            lazarus clerk of u.s. supreme court 
            
the 
            tempting of america: the political seduction of the law- robert h. bork            
social control through law- roscoe pound            the history of lawyers, ancient and 
            modern: ancient and modern- william forsyth  history
            of trial by jury, 1875- william forsyth 
history of lay judges - john p. 
            dawson 
plea bargaining: the experiences of 
            prosecutors, judges and defense attorneys-milton heuman the criminal prosecution and capital 
            punishment of animals e. p. evans the historians of anglo-american law - 
            william searle holdsworth roman canon law in the church of england - 
            frederic william maitland the code napoleon and the common-law 
            world: bernard schwartz slave laws in virginia - philip j. schwarz 
  














pro se power 
      tip tm  
      #3: dismissal of case




use frcp 12b6 (twelve b 6) or comparable state rule to dismiss 
                a case for "failing to state a case for which relief can be given" 
                when served with a frivilous complaint or your state's equivalent 
                court rule. the most common basis for dismissal. do not be a victim 
                of it. easy to avoid if you write the complaint correctly. 










the  art & science of 
  legal investigation-civil and criminal forensics
forensic handwriting examination  - reed 
        hayes   this book is an excellent introductory reference for handwriting analysis then  takes this art and science into areas of anlysis rarely explored  or understood yet are clearly relevant for  even the most experienced fde. especially interesting is the neurokinetic connection and meta handwriting features analyzed that are not  often considered, disregarded or go unrecognized. (reviewed jan 2007-ed. uslawbooks  fde   30+yrs.) 
 detecting forgery - joe nickell 
forensic handwriting identification - ron 
        morris 






 
state rules of court-everyone must have 
      one for their state!
order directly from this page
 arkansas court rules california 
      code and the federal rules colorado 
      court rules  district of columbia court rules
florida 
      rules of court service georgia 
      rules of court hawaii court 
      rules annotated idaho court 
      rules  indiana court rules annotated  iowa rules of court: state and federal
kentucky 
      rules annotated maryland 
      court rules minnesota 
      rules of court mississippi 
      appellate practice missouri rules of court: state and federal  maryland civil procedure  nevada court rules annotated new england 
      rules of court (ct, ma, me, nh, ri, vt)  new hampshire court rules annotated
new jersey 
      civil practice and rules of court-annual edition  new york criminal practice handbook
 pennsylvania rules of civil procedure: annual 
      edition ohio rules 
      governing the state courts ohio civil 
      rules handbook  ohio rules governing the 
      courts  ohio criminal law and procedure 
 oregon uniform trial court rules and supplementary 
      local rules 
puerto rico: 
      u.s. district court local rules rhode island 
      court rules annotated 1998 supplement texas rules 
      - civil trials tennessee 
      court rules annotated  texas rules of state court  texas rules of appellate procedure
texas 
      district court local rules vermont 
      court rules annotated virgin 
      islands court rules washington 
      state rules of the superior court  wisconsin court rules and procedures, 1999: state and 
      federal wyoming 
      court rules annotated 
 






pro se power tip tm #4: discovery - trial transcript overcoming dirty tricks

one of the favorite 
      dirty tricks is to waste court time and enlarging the trial and  
      hearing transcript by either the prosecution or plaintiff because they 
      know you will have to pay for a transcript on appeal that typically costs 
      up to $5.00 per page. a half hour case can result in a $500.00 written 
      transcript. this discourages appeals. how do you over come 
      it??
simply and almost free you can get a copy of the recording and 
          buy a tape player for 30.00. now you have the orginal hearing and all 
          you have to do is reference your case quotations by the minuet and second 
          in your briefs!!
typically you would cite 
      it in the brief  "the defendant stated she was not home" (t 
      34:12)  where that was stated at minuet 34 and 12 seconds into to the 
      hearing.
prepare every case as if you are going to appeal!! 
      learn to get all your legal positions and evidence into the record. it may 
      be your only chance to do so.
    learn to make the legal 
      record - and understand its 
  importance!!





federal court rules and 
      practice 
 federal rules of civil procedure: 1998-99 
      edition federal 
      rules of evidence, 1998-99 edition, group staff west 
evidence 
        law in the trial process - stop 
federal 
      rules of evidence: case law commentary, 1999 enhanced supplement, charles 
      e. wagner practical 
      guide to federal evidence remedies in 
      a nutshell, 2d ed.- o'connell civil 
      procedure, 2d ed.- friedenthal, kane and miller conflict of 
      laws, 2d ed. - scoles and hay 
 





pro se power 
          tip tm #5: 
          pre-trial and discovery
always start your discovery 
          immediately. this lets  the opposing side  know you are 
          serious. under the federal rules you may do so even before the case 
          is filed or as soon as complaint is served and filed. waste no time at all 
          when it comes to deposing witnesses and the opposing 
  party.








discovery and 
          pretrial maneuvering  trial: strategy and psychology-john nicholas 
          ianuzzi
pretrial 
          litigation in a nutshell - dessem pretrial 
          litigation: law, policy and practice, 2d ed.- dessem pre-trial 
          litigation, 3d ed. fundamentals - haydock, herr and stempel discovery 
          and settlement - how to win your case without trial mastering 
          written discovery: interrogatories, documents, admissions - lexis 
          publ. discovery 
          and proof in police misconduct cases (expensive!) pretrial 
          discovery and the adversary system - glaser discovery 
          techniques - younger discovery 
          theory, practice and problems - haydock deposition 
  handbook (expensive!) 









pro se power 
          tip tm #6: 
          pre-trial and discovery



opposing counsel will attempt to thwart any 
                discovery with delays, misinformation,  and other deceptive 
                practices. file a motion to compel depostion 
                or discovery when experencing such discovery abuse and ask for 
                sanctions (penalties) from the court against the opposing party. do 
                not allow 
        delays!









 tort law 
     toxic mold litigation     by attorney and 
          physician raymund c. king, j.d. m.d.  deadly toxic mold is 
          found in many homes with water damage. this new area of litigation is 
          reviewed here covering every aspect of this expanding area of law. 
          covering recent decisions, assessing claims, trial perpetration, litigation, 
          insurance and current government regulations.                  




trial first trial (where do i sit? what do i 
      say?) art of cross-examination - wellman opening statement, closing argument and 
      persuasion in trial advocacy evidence: making the record the art of questioning handbook of cross examination - ianuzzi 
      what makes juries listen today 
      (expensive!) winning courtroom strategies trial: theories, tactics, technique - 
      haydock and sonsteng trialbook: a total system for preparation 
      and presentation of a case - sonsteng, haydock and boyd represent yourself in court - nolo - 2nd. 
      ed. litigation and trial practice for the 
  legal assistant - west publ. 







pro se power tip tm #7: pre-trial and discovery
how and where to depose witnesses




always start your discovery immediately. contact a court 
                    reporter service or depostion service. they will make a legal record 
                    of you deposing the defendant you are suing and your witnesses. the 
                    cost is minimal (paid by the hour) but the effect is 
                    devastating and terrifying to the defendant you are deposing.  
                    bring a complete questioning plan with 
            you.








 technology 
        for the courtroom practices and strategy 
powerpoint 
      for court- h. rubinstein . learn to use pp technology for 
      winning cases with this complete legal audio/video presentation development 
      book and package on cd - includes the impeachment and timeline machine  
      "the leading edge for any legal practitioner" ed. 2005 
 




appeals and 
        appellate practicewinning on appeal - better briefs and oral 
          arguments winning an appeal - step by step - lexis 
          publ. appellate advocacy in a nutshell - 
          hornstein appellate courts in the united states - 
          meador and bernstein stern: supreme court practice: for 
          practice in the supreme court of the united states, w/ 1997 supplement 
          (expensive, but it's the bible if you're going up to the us supreme court) 
          supreme court politics: the institution 
  and its procedures - bloch and krattenmaker 






pro se power 
      tip tm #8: 
      pre-trial and discovery
american justice studies has a large collection 
      of free legal forms, guides, study aids, court rules at: 
        www.uslawbooks.com/ajs/  for 
  your legal education needs.




federal
      courts for constitutional, federal, and civil rights cases or any claims over $75,000.00. 
judicial
      code and rules of procedure in the federal courts, student's edition 
 federal jurisdiction in a nutshell, 3d ed.- currie 
section
      1983 litigation in a nutshell - collins 
federal
      courts, 5th student ed.- wright 
constitutional
      analysis in a nutshell - williams 
constitutional
      civil rights in a nutshell, 2d ed.- vieira 
constitutional
      federalism in a nutshell, 2d ed.- engdahl 
 constitutional law in a nutshell, 3d ed.- barron and dienes 
first
      amendment law in a nutshell - barron and dienes 
civil
      rights reader; power, privilege and law - bender and braveman 
constitutional
      law: themes for the constitution's third century - farber, eskridge and
      frickey 
constitutional
  theory: a reader, 3d ed.; modern - garvey and aleinikoff 








pro se power 
          tip tm #9: 
          pre-trial and discovery





 a common tactic by attorneys is to remove or transfer
                        the case from your local state court to federal court if
                        it involves a civil rights, constitutional, federal issues of law or claim for $75,000.00 or more is made. do
                        not worry - they are doing you a favor, as the federal court
                        rules are easier to follow and they also recognize the limits
                        of  the pro se. get your free court rules at:    www.uslawbooks.com/ajs/   motion the
                        federal court for more time to prepare for the case in  event
                        of removal. takes about 6 hours to get used to federal practice
                with the right book.

 





u.s.
                supreme court
supreme
            court practice: for practice in the supreme court of the united states,
            with 1997 supplement robert l. stern 


 





employment
            law 
 disability
        resource library (cd) - thomas e. barich's  impressive disabilty
        research tool is the most complete professional resource available. from
        the dnd press 
 employee rights in the workplace-margaret jasper 
employee
        rights in california- don d. sessions 
preventing
            employee lawsuits - frierson 
workplace
            torts-green and reibstein 
employee
            rights litigation-federal bar association 
employment
            and the law 
employment
            law-sport, recreation and fitness industries 
employment
        law: a guide to the workplace rights of managers and workers 
 employment
            law: cases and materials: selected federal and state statutes- willborn,
            burton and schwab 
 employment
            law and employment discrimination: essential terms and concepts-rebecca
            hanner white 
 defending
            your employee rightsthe
            acclaimed book for hr managers, executives, corporate lawyers and all
    employees 









pro se power 
          tip tm #10: 
          pre-trial and discovery





discovery means that any and all infomation in any
                          form be made available that will support your case, that is
                          evidence or will lead to evidence. get a free copy of the rules
                          of evidence. the federal rules of evidence at american justice
                studies tm has them free and more! see www.uslawbooks.com/ajs/   

 






res judicataavoiding the 
      dismissal of your complaint
note: many complaints are dismissed because they 
      are not properly written or pled! res judicata and collateral estoppel (danger of 
      dismissal for issue or claim preclusion from previous litigation)
res judicata 
      and collateral estoppel in paternity and child support cases
injunctions 
      in a nutshell - dobbyn fact 
      investigation: from hypothesis to proof - by binder and bergman






pro se power 
          tip tm 
          #11:elements of a proper 
          complaint




a complaint must state:1. who was injured (you the 
                    plaintiff),2. name of person (john doe) or 
                    company that caused the injury (the defendant)3.when and where it happened 
                    to establish the courts jurisdiction to hear the case.4. the law violated or the nature 
                    of the injury. 5. the amount of relief sought 
                    monetary or other.get the emanuel book on torts. understand 
                    that torts are the law on recoverable injuries-not just bodily but 
                    all injuries, suffering and losses. then a book on civil 
                    procedure and 
            evidence.









west 
          publishing company books west's nutshell series- excellent books. 
          softbound, concise and affordable! 
           administrative law and process in a nutshell, 4th 
          ed.- gellhorn and levin aids law in 
          a nutshell, 2d ed.- jarvis, closen, hermann and leonard alternative 
          dispute resolution in a nutshell - nolan-haley american 
          indian law in a nutshell, 2d ed.- canby antitrust 
          law and economics in a nutshell, 4th ed.- gellhorn appellate 
          advocacy in a nutshell - hornstein art law in a 
          nutshell, 2d ed.- duboff banking and 
          financial institutions law in a nutshell, 4th ed.- lovett bankruptcy 
          and other debtor-creditor law in a nutshell, 5th ed.- epstein
california 
          civil procedure in a nutshell - slomanson and wingate procedure in 
          a nutshell, 4th ed.- kane community 
          property in a nutshell, 2d ed.- mennell and boykoff conflicts in 
          a nutshell, 2d ed.- siegel constitutional analysis in a nutshell - 
          williams constitutional civil rights in a nutshell, 
          2d ed.- vieira constitutional federalism in a nutshell, 
          2d ed.- engdahl 
constitutional law in a nutshell, 
          3d ed.- barron and dienes 
consumer law in a nutshell, 2d 
          ed.- epstein and nickles contract 
          remedies in a nutshell - friedman contracts in a 
          nutshell, 4th ed.- schaber and rohwer elder law in a 
          nutshell - frolik and kaplan estates in 
          land and future interests in a nutshell, 2d ed.- waggoner evidence in 
          a nutshell: state and federal rules, 3d ed.- rothstein family law 
          in a nutshell, 3d ed.- krause federal 
          disability law in a nutshell - tucker 
federal jurisdiction in a 
          nutshell, 3d ed.- currie 
federal rules of evidence in a 
          nutshell, 4th ed.- graham first 
          amendment law in a nutshell - barron and dienes immigration 
          law and procedure in a nutshell, 3d ed.- weissbrodt injunctions 
          in a nutshell - dobbyn intellectual 
          property-patents, trademarks and copyright in a nutshell, 2d ed.- miller 
          and davis international human rights in a nutshell, 
          2d ed.- buergenthal judicial 
          process in a nutshell, 2d ed.- reynolds legal 
          negotiation in a nutshell - teply research in 
          a nutshell, 6th ed.- cohen and olson legal 
          writing in a nutshell, 2d ed.- rombauer and kennedy legislative 
          law and process in a nutshell, 2d ed.-r davies medical 
          liability in a nutshell - boumil and elias pretrial 
          litigation in a nutshell - dessem products 
          liability in a nutshell, 4th ed.- phillips remedies in 
          a nutshell, 2d ed.- o'connell schools, 
          students and teachers in a nutshell, 2d ed. alexander and alexander
section 1983 
          litigation in a nutshell - collins toxic torts 
          in a nutshell - eggen trial 
          advocacy in a nutshell, 3d ed.- bergman trial and 
          practice skills in a nutshell, 2d ed.- hegland trial (where 
          do i sit? what do i say?) in a nutshell; the first - goldberg
uniform 
          commercial code in a nutshell, 4th ed.- stone uniform 
          probate code in a nutshell, 4th ed.- averill wills and 
  trusts in a nutshell, 2d ed.- mennell 







pro se power 
      tip tm   #12: frivilous complaints




 a case filed with "no merit" or filed 
            "with malice" or containing element of fraud or "bad faith" will be 
            dismissed and the plaintiff filing such can be sued for legal fees 
        and fined by the court.





 west's hornbook series (detailed topical treatises) administrative law - aman and mayton antitrust: 
      policy and practice; federal - hovenkamp bankruptcy - 
      epstein, nickles, and white civil 
      procedure, 2d ed.- friedenthal, kane and miller conflict of 
      laws, 2d ed. - scoles and hay constitutional law, 5th ed.- nowak and 
      rotunda contracts, 
      3d ed.- calamari and perillo domestic 
      relations, 2d student ed.- clark mccormick's 
      evidence, 4th student ed.- strong federal 
      courts, 5th student ed.- wright how to find 
      the law, 9th ed.- cohen, berring and olson how to find 
      the law-legal research exercises, 5thed. 1996 - johnson, cochran and 
      cochran the law of 
      property, an introductory survey, 4th ed.- boyer, hovenkamp and 
      kurtz remedies, 2d 
      ed.- dobbs torts, 5th 
      ed.- prosser and keeton trusts, 6th 
      ed.- bogert uniform 
      commercial code, 4th ed.- white and summers wills, 2d 
      ed.-atkinson wills, 
      trusts and estates, including taxation and future interests (student ed.)- 
  mcgovern, kurtz and rein 





pro se power 
          tip tm   
          #13:  "making the record"
understand making the "legal record" at every level 
          of court filings and hearings. this simply means getting into evidence by 
          court recorder and filing, thus legally establishing 
          evidence for inclusion in any future legal action  such as an 
          appeal. always conduct your case as if you plan an appeal by entering and 
        preserving the evidence. trials are about evidence. making your record by leticia a.perez - 
excellent new book: a comprehensive guide to making the legal record. "a 
          must have book" editor - u.s. law books jan 
  2002







 west's "black letter" series (outlined similar to emmanuel 
          series) antitrust, 2d ed. - hovenkamp civil 
          procedure, 4th ed. - clermont conflict of 
          laws, 2d ed. - hay constitutional law, 4th ed. - barron and 
          dienes contracts, 
          2d ed. - calamari and perillo creditors' 
          rights and bankruptcy - nickles and epstein evidence, 2d 
          ed. - broun and blakey family law, 
          2d ed.- krause 
federal income taxation, 6th ed. 
          - hudson and lind 
federal jurisdiction, 2d ed. - 
          redish property, 2d 
          ed. bernhardt torts, 2d 
          ed. - kionka unfair trade 
          practices and intellectual property, 2d ed. - schechter adversarial 
          justice: the american approach to adjudication; readings - aba section of 
          litigation american 
          courts - meador appellate 
          courts in the united states - meador and bernstein civil 
          procedure, 4th; computer-aided exercises - park and mcfarland
civil rights 
          reader; power, privilege and law - bender and braveman constitutional law: themes for the 
          constitution's third century - farber, eskridge and frickey constitutional theory: a reader, 3d ed.; 
          modern - garvey an debtor-creditor game; player's manual - 
          lopucki drafting 
          legal documents: principles and practice, 2d ed. - child drafting 
          legislation and rules in plain english - martineau evidence - 
          the california code and the federal rules - a problem approach- 
          mendez evidence; 
          the elements of- by friedman evidence; an 
          introduction to the law of, 3d ed. - lilly evidence 
          handbook; courtroom - goode and wellborn evidence, 
          3d; problems in - broun, meisenholder, strong and mosteller evidence; 
          transcript exercises for learning - bergman fact 
          investigation: from hypothesis to proof - by binder and bergman
finding the 
          law, 10th ed.- berring first 
          amendment: a reader, 2d ed. - garvey and schauer law and 
          legal system of the united states; introduction - burnham legal 
          negotiation and settlement - williams legal 
          negotiation: theory and applications - gifford 
research: a guided self- 
          instructional workbook; teach yourself - mckinney 
legal writing, analysis and oral 
          argument - teply legal 
          writing: a systematic approach, 2d - pratt legal 
          writing: getting it right and getting it written, 2d ed.- ray and 
          ramsfield legal 
          writing sense and nonsense - mellinkoff mediation, 
          principles and practice - by kovach pretrial 
          litigation: law, policy and practice, 2d ed.- dessem pre-trial 
          litigation, 3d ed.; fundamentals - haydock, herr and stempel
transcript 
          exercises for learning evidence - bergman trial 
          advocacy; non-jury case files - devine trial 
          practice: problems and materials; dynamics, 2d ed. - carlson and 
          imwinkelried trial: 
          theories, tactics, technique - haydock and sonsteng trialbook: a 
          total system for preparation and presentation of a case - sonsteng, 
          haydock and boyd felsenfeld 
          and siegel's writing contracts in plain english - felsenfeld and 
  siegel 








pro se power 
      tip tm   
      #14:  notice of appeals



 appeals are made on matters of law and a 
            notice must be made to all parties immediately. the "record" of 
            the lower court by way of transcript must be ordered. if the court 
            is in error an appeal must state where the error occurred based upon 
            the court transcript. no new evidence can be brought into the case 
            if not made part of the "record" in the initial trial unless it is 
            new evidence undiscoverable at the time before the original trial 
            unless the court permits it.





 west's legal references
 black's law dictionary, std. edition, hardbound 
      (paperback above (supra.) is fine. black's law 
      dictionary (abridged) 
  




 
pro se power 
                tip tm  free index tabs for briefs and the appeals 
                package



 
 you will have to organize your 
                          filing and especially your briefs with reference markers using 
                          an index. index tabs and seperatotrs are sold for this purpose 
                          but typically cost 6 to 8 dollars for a set of 30 tabbed 
                          separators. a typical appeal of 6-8 sets of every brief of 2 
                          or3 or more can add up to 24 sets of tabs costing 24 x 
                          6-8.00=  $$$  make them nearly for 
                          free.   when you are done the appeals package should 
                          look like this.  appeals 
                      package 











 west's american casebook series (law school texts) administrative law; state and federal- bonfield and 
          asimow admiralty, 
          2d; cases and materials - healy and sharpe agency and 
          partnership and other forms of business associations; cases and materials 
          - gregory and hurst agency, 
          partnership and other unincorporated business enterprises, 2d ed.; cases 
          and materials - henn agency-partnership, 4th ed.; cases - 
          steffen and kerr agricultural 
          law; cases and materials - meyer, pedersen, thorson and davidson
alternative 
          dispute resolution; cases and materials - kanowitz alternatives 
          to incorporation for persons in quest of profit, 3d ed.- fessler
anglo-american legal system, 2d ed.; 
          readings and cases; introduction - bodenheimer, oakley and love
antitrust; 
          cases and materials - fox and sullivan antitrust 
          law; cases and materials - morgan antitrust, 
          2d; cases and economic notes - posner and easterbrook antitrust 
          law; economic foundations of regulation - barnes and stout bankruptcy, 
          3d ed.; cases and materials - white and nimmer bioethics 
          and law; cases, materials and problems - shapiro and spece bioethics 
          and law supplement - shapiro and spece bioethics: 
          health care law and ethics- furrow business 
          planning, 3d ed.; problems and materials - painter california 
          civil procedure, cases and materials - levine, slomanson and 
          wingate california 
          community property, 6th ed.; cases and materials - bird california 
          security transactions in land, 4th ed.; cases - maxwell, r civil 
          procedure: a modern approach, 2d ed.- marcus, redish and sherman
civil 
          procedure, 7th; cases and materials- cound, friedenthal, miller and 
          sexton civil 
          procedure supplement - 1997 civil rights 
          and constitutional litigation, cases and materials, 2d ed.- 
          abernathy collective 
          bargaining in public employment, 4th ed.- wollett, grodin, 
          weisberger commercial 
          paper: the new law of negotiable instruments and related commercial paper 
          - nickles, matheson and adams 
comparative legal traditions: 
          text, materials and cases on the civil law, common law and socialist law 
          traditions, 2d ed.- glendon, gordon and osakwe 
complex litigation-cases and 
          materials on advanced civil procedure, 2d ed.- marcus and sherman
computer 
          law-cases, comments and questions - maggs, soma and sprowl conflict of 
          laws, 5th ed.; cases-comments-questions - cramton, currie, kay and 
          kramer constitutional law and public choice; 
          economics - barnes and stout constitutional law: cases and notes, 4th 
          ed, modern - rotunda constitutional law supplement 1996: cases 
          and notes, 4th; modern - rotunda constitutional law: 
          cases-comments-questions, 8th ed. - lockhart, kamisar, choper and 
          shiffrin constitutional law; political dynamics, 2d 
          ed. - fisher and devin constitutional rights and liberties: cases 
          and materials, 8th ed.- lockhart, kamisar, choper and shiffrin
constitutional rights and liberties 
          supplement: cases and materials, 8th ed.- lockhart, kamisar, choper and 
          shiffrin constitution: cases and materials, 8th 
          ed.; the american - lockhart, kamisar, choper and shiffrin consumer 
          law: cases and materials, 2d ed.- spanogle, rohner, pridgen and 
          rasor contract and 
          related obligation: theory, doctrine and practice, 2d ed.- summers and 
          hillman contract 
          law; economics - barnes and stout contracts, 
          2d; cases and problems - calamari, perillo and bender contracts-morality, economics and the 
          marketplace; cases and materials - fessler and loiseaux copyright; 
          cases and materials - halpern, shipley and abrams copyright 
          and other aspects of entertainment litigation- including unfair 
          competition, defamation, privacy, illustrated: cases and materials, 4th 
          ed. - nimmer, marcus, myers and nimmer creditors' 
          remedies and debtors' protection, 4th; cases and materials - 
          riesenfeld discrimination in employment, 5th ed.; 
          cases and materials - by jones, murphy and belton dispute 
          resolution and lawyers, abridged ed.- riskin and westbrook dispute 
          resolution and lawyers abridged ed. supplement 1993 - riskin and 
          westbrook equitable 
          remedies, restitution and damages-clark and glowinsky evidence, 
          5th ed.; cases and materials - strong, broun and mosteller evidence: 
          text, problems, transcripts and cases; a modern approach - lempert and 
          saltzburg family law - 
          by westfall family law, 
          3d ed.; cases, comments and questions - krause family law, 
          3d; cases supplement, comments and questions - krause federal 
          courts, 4th ed.; cases and materials - currie federal 
          courts, 3rd; cases, comments and questions - redish and nichol
federal 
          courts, 3rd supplement 1996; cases, comments and questions - redish, 
          nichol and sherry immigration: 
          process, policy, 3rd ed. - aleinikoff and martin indian law, 
          3d ed.; cases and materials, federal - getches, wilkinson and 
          williams legal method 
          and process, 2d; introduction - berch, berch and spritzer patent law, including 
          trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, 4th ed.; cases and materials - 
          francis and collins property-an 
          introduction to the concept and the institution, 3d; cases and materials - 
          donahue, kauper and martin property 
          division at marriage dissolution; cases - krauskopf property 
          law, 2d ed.; cases and materials, american - kurtz and hovenkamp
property 
          law, 2d supplement 1996; cases and materials - kurtz and hovenkamp
remedies, 
          5th ed.; cases and materials - york, bauman and rendleman remedies: 
          public and private 2d ed.; cases and materials -schoenbrod, macbeth, 
          levine and jung sex-based 
          discrimination, 4th ed.; cases and materials - kay supreme 
          court politics: the institution and its procedure - bloch and 
          krattenmaker tort and 
          accident law, 2d; cases and materials - keeton, keeton, sargentich and 
          steiner tort law; 
          economic analysis - barnes and stout torts and 
          compensation: personal accountability and social responsibility for 
          injury, 2d ed. - dobbs torts; cases 
          and materials - grady torts; cases 
          and materials - robertson, powers and anderson torts, 3d 
          ed.; cases and materials on the law of - christie and meeks wills, 
          trusts and estate planning-law and taxation - dodge








pro se power 
      tip tm  
      #15: the appeal



any good lawyer 
            will tell you to study the appeals process first since it covers all 
            the things that must be done on the trial level in detail such as 
            making the "record"  see the appeals cd collection. appeals are 
            simple filings as long as you undestand the standard of review and 
            what is required.  people represnting themselves are given some 
            consideration and not held to the standard as an court attorney but 
            they must always comply wil any "shall" requiremnt of the law. 
            failing to comply with any "shall" requiremnt may result in a 
            dismissal of your case.





foundation press
foundation press law books used in law 
        schools  legislative administrative processes, 2nd ed.- linde, 
          bunn, paff and church administrative law and process, 2nd ed.- 
          pierce, shapiro and verkuil gellhorn and 
          byse's administrative law, 9th ed.- strauss, rakoff and schotland
introduction 
          to advocacy, 6th edition - board of student advisers, harvard law 
          school antitrust: 
          statutes, treaties, regulations, guidelines, policies - flynn and 
          first principles 
          of antitrust - ross antitrust: 
          free enterprise and economic organization, 6th ed, -schwartz, flynn and 
          first 
problem supplement: antitrust: 
          free enterprise and economic organization, 6th ed, -schwartz, flynn and 
          first 
children in the legal system, 2nd 
          ed.- davis, scott, wadlington and whitebread the juvenile 
          justice process, 3rd ed. -miller, dawson, dix and parnas family law 
          statutes, treaties and legislative models - wadlington the 
          structure of procedure - cover and fiss procedure - 
          cover, fiss and resnik rule/statute 
          source book, procedure - cover, fiss and resnik federal 
          rules of civil procedure, 1997 materials 
          for a basic course in civil procedure, 7th ed.- field, kaplan and 
          clermont pleading and 
          procedure: state and federal, 7th ed - hazard, tait and fletcher
case supp., 
          1996, pleading and procedure: state and federal, 7th ed - hazard, tait and 
          fletcher electronic 
          casebook and disk packet: pleading and procedure: state and federal, 7th 
          ed - hazard, tait and fletcher judicial 
          code and rules of procedure, federal civil 
          procedure - levin, shuchman and yablon supp. 1996, 
          civil procedure - levin, shuchman and yablon elements of 
          civil procedure, 5th ed.- rosenberg, smit and dreyfuss supp. 1997, 
          elements of civil procedure, 5th ed.- rosenberg, smit and dreyfuss
civil 
          procedure - teply and whitten civil rights 
          actions: section 1983 and related statutes, 2nd ed.- low and 
          jeffries supp. 1997, 
          civil rights actions: section 1983 and related statutes, 2nd ed.- low and 
          jeffries conflict of 
          laws, 10th ed.- rosenberg, hay and weintraub sup. 1997, 
          conflict of laws, 10th ed.- rosenberg, hay and weintraub commentary 
          on the conflict of laws, 3rd ed.- weintraub supp. 1991, 
          commentary on the conflict of laws, 3rd ed.- weintraub constitutional law, 10th ed.- cohen and 
          varat supp. 1997, 
          constitutional law, 10th ed.- cohen and varat constitutional law, 13th ed.- gunther and 
          sullivan supp. 1997, 
          constitutional law, 13th ed.- gunther and sullivan american 
          constitutional law, 2nd ed.- tribe first 
          amendment, 2nd ed.- van alstyne supp. 1997, 
          first amendment, 2nd ed.- van alstyne contracts, 
          5th ed.- farnsworth and young selections, 
          restatement 2d, forms: contracts, 5th ed.- farnsworth and young
electronic 
          casebook: contracts, 5th ed.- farnsworth and young elements of 
          bankruptcy, rev. ed.- baird family 
          property law, 2nd ed.- waggoner, alexander and fellows the law of 
          evidence - friedenthal and singer scientific 
          evidence in civil and criminal cases, 4th ed. moenssens, starrs, henderson 
          and inbau evidence: 
          making the record - waltz and kaplan family law, 
          3rd ed. - areen supp. 1997, 
          family law, 3rd ed. - areen electronic 
          casebook: domestic relations, 4th ed.- wadlington family law 
          statutes, treaties, legislative models - wadlington hart and 
          wechsler's: the federal courts and the federal system, 4th ed.- fallon, 
          meltzer and shapiro supp. 1997, 
          hart and wechsler's: the federal courts and the federal system, 4th ed.- 
          fallon, meltzer and shapiro federal 
          courts and the law of federal-state relations, 3rd ed.- low and 
          jeffries supp. 1997: 
          federal courts and the law of federal-state relations, 3rd ed.- low and 
          jeffries federal 
          courts, 9th ed.- mccormick, chadbourn and wright supp. 1997, 
          federal courts, 9th ed.- mccormick, chadbourn and wright equity, 
          restitution and damages, 2nd ed.- childres and johnson injunctions, 
          2nd ed.- fiss and rendleman damages, 2nd 
          ed.- mccormick and fritz remedies, 
          4th ed. - re and re remedies, 
          2nd ed.- shoben and tabb sexuality, 
          gender and the law - eskridge and hunter the forms 
          and functions of tort law; an analytical primer on cases and concepts - 
          abraham 
tort law and alternatives, 6th 
          ed.- franklin and rabin 
prosser, wade and schwartz's 
          torts, 9th ed. - wade, schwartz, kelly and partlett electronic 
          casebook, prosser, wade and schwartz's torts, 9th ed. - wade, schwartz, 
        kelly and partlett 







pro se power 
      tip tm  
      #16: when must you have an attorney?




although most matters the average 
            person encounters in the law are motor vehicle, simple disputes or 
            matters that can be handled by reaching an understanding with 
            another party can often be handled by perons themselves under no 
            circumstances should you do the following:
represent yourself in any 
            criminal charge.
when there are large amounts of 
            money involved.
any matter that may result in any 
            great loss or consequence.
if you have any question you 
            should consult with an attorney for an hour or so th answer your 
            question as to what  your resulting outcome could be. do not be 
      foolish! most attorneys  (the better ones) will give you a free initial consultation.

 






aspen
aspen law and business books for 
        paralegals
 administrative law for paralegals -anne adams 
basic 
        bankruptcy law for paralegals, 3rd.ed.-buchbinder contract law 
          for paralegals, 2nd. ed. - helewitz basic law 
          office management for paralegals - helewitz basic legal 
          writing for paralegals - sanborn & yelin basic wills, 
          trusts and estates for paralegals - helewitz business 
          organizations for paralegals - bouchoux california 
          family law for paralegals, 2nd. ed.- waller clear and 
          effective legal writing, 2nd. ed. - charrow, erhardt, and charrow
conflict and 
          resolution -lechman ethics and 
          professional responsibility for legal assistants, 2nd. ed.- cannon
family law 
          for paralegals - ehrlich fundamentals 
          of litigation for paralegals, 2nd. ed. - mauet and maerowitz
fundamentals 
          of paralegalism, 3rd. ed. - eimermann style - leclerq interviewing 
          and investigation for paralegals: a practical approach - dobmeyer
an 
          introduction to computers for paralegals, 2nd. ed. - battaile
introduction 
          to law for paralegals: a critical thinking approach - currier and 
          eimermann learning 
          about the law - scaros legal 
          drafting - brody, rutherford, vietzen and dernbach legal method 
          and writing, 3rd. ed.- calleros legal 
          reasoning and legal writing: structure, strategy, and style, 3rd. ed.- 
          neumann legal 
          research and writing for paralegals, 2nd. ed. - bouchoux the legal 
          research and writing handbook: a basic approach for paralegals - yelin 
      & samborn the legal 
          research and writing workbook - helewitz and montgomery legal 
          writing: process, analysis, and organization - edwards the 
          paralegal's introduction to business organizations - slossberg

the process of legal research, 
          4th. ed. - kunz, schmedemann, downs & bateson 
the professional paralegal job 
  search: a guide for launching your legal career - french 





 
pro se power tip tm #17:  kowledge of law is the ammunition -
            here are the firearms and practice 



 
 
buy a scanner - scan
                          every document, evidence, everything you create
                          and especially the filings and save them as one file
                          with signature so you
                          can instantly
                      print out multiple copies as needed. 

buy a duplexer for your printer so you 
                      can print on both sides of the paper automatically. 
                      
                    

name each file by date and procedure 
                      name. 
                      
                    

scan and make copies of everything
                          that is sent  to or served upon you. 

when making copies you can print out 2 
                      pages on one side (booklet setting) you you can use less paper - 
                      you can actually put 2 pages on each single sheet and have 4 pages 
                      on one sheet!! 
                      
                    

keep backups. 
                      
                    

stay organized. keep a calender. 
                      
                    

the organizing folders lawyers
                          use are called "wallets" - get them at staples, officemax
                          or from a law office supply store on the web. they
                          also have
                          litigation forms
                      and kits. 

be careful of the court set
                          deadlines - they trick you with "thereof", "hereof" and "herefrom" etc. 

learn to count days - weekends and 
                      holidays are counted. 
                      
                    

you can motion for an extension
                          if you have a good reason but do not wait until the
                          last day - give at
                    least a week's notice.

         finally
                        - you can easily master the law- believe it!
for a real jump start in law studies order the pro se power legal cd collection supra!  


 




thank you for your support and donations - we have helped thousands 




uslawbooks.com tm   is
    a registered trademark of
northern star publishing a department of the american justice studies institute a pro bono publico service of a not-for-profit foundation since 1997. 

 
 free 
books for download. rules of courts, rules of evidence and more!

see our current 
specials from us law books 

copyright © 1995-2010 u.s. lawbooks.com

domain renewal on 25-dec-2012

 

forgery 
analysis
law books collection
selected case law
free
judges
law 
study guides
law talk board
 
       a  department of the american justice studies institute


