




funeral wire | 


















































search




search this site: 
















home
sign uplog in
lost password

newsall news
funeral business
cemetery
finance - csv
finance - kna
finance - sci
finance - stei
finance - ston

articlessubmit an article
view all articles
advertising and promotion
consolidation challenges
cremation
embalming
funeral sales
funerals & the environment
grief counseling
human resources
innovative independents
oped
osha safety & compliance
preneed vision
superior service
travel
working with clergy

press releasesview all
submit a press release

faqview the faq's
ask a question

aboutaldor solutions
funeralwire
privacy policy

contact ussubmit an article
submit a press release

 







funeralwire features


current news & events
user forums and polls
featured industry writers
and tons more!










membership advantages


absolutely no-cost
funeralwire newsletter
unlimited access to content
comment & voting rights

































quick links

current poll
 




















user login



username: *



password: *



create new account
request new password
























fw newsletter

stay informed on the latest news!


email: *



 subscribe


 unsubscribe





previous issues

























recent industry news

could this creepy cemetery be the most haunted shreveport space? - news radio 710 keellittle brown box tour digs up history at seward county’s cemeteries - kolnall souls' mass: laredoans to pray for departed at calvary catholic cemetery - laredo morning timesmore 




















our latest articles

women in the funeral industry: one challenge stands in their waywomen in the funeral industry: one challenge stands in their wayfuneral industry innovator taps kanet advertisingmore 




















recent press releases

veterans & family memorial care announces 2009 cell phones for soldiers resultsnfda 2009 international convention & expo sets records, including selling majority of 2010 expo spacebusiness conference to help funeral directorsmore 














women in the funeral industry: one challenge stands in their way

posted thu, 05/19/2011 - 12:49 by administrator


a glance inside the classrooms at any mortuary school confirms an industry trend: women are outnumbering men in choosing a career in funeral service. yet in the job search that follows, women candidates are not always on an equal playing field with the men. prospective employers appreciate a woman's empathy and attention to details, admire her impressive credentials and respect her educational accomplishments. but a question often lingers in an employer's mind: can she lift? 

read more
 




funeral industry innovator taps kanet advertising

posted thu, 04/07/2011 - 09:31 by administrator


april 2011 – cincinnati, oh – indianapolis-based bio-response solutions has selected kanet advertising, in cincinnati, as its agency of record. bio-response solutions manufactures and sells the equipment which performed the first human alkaline hydrolysis disposition in the u.s. the system has gained significant attention within the funeral industry for its innovation, which some are projecting as transformational for the industry. 

read more
 




mortuary lift products shown on episode of "the bachelor," and on kcrg newscast 

posted tue, 03/15/2011 - 09:31 by administrator


cedar rapids, ia, march 2011 – when the february 21 episode of abc's "the bachelor" aired, mortuary lift company president katie hill was not tuned in. soon, however, colleagues, vendors, friends, her mom and other family members began phoning and emailing her. wasn't that her ultimate 1000(tm) lift they saw on this highly rated network reality show?  

read more
 




ccms grad pioneers new disposition system

posted mon, 02/28/2011 - 09:31 by administrator


when funeral home owner/operator jeff edwards recently purchased the first production unit of the alkaline hydrolysis disposition system manufactured by bio-response solutions, he had done his homework. he knew he was making a responsible investment for his business, his families and the environment. he knew he was selecting a process with long-term sustainability. what he may not have predicted is the interest it has stimulated among his colleagues who had heard about this revolutionary disposition process and were eager to learn more from his firsthand experience. 

read more
 




nfda relay for life national team program brings funeral service together in fight against cancer

posted mon, 03/22/2010 - 12:00 by administrator


brookfield, wis. – according to the american cancer society (acs), men have nearly a one-in-two risk of developing cancer during their lifetime; for women, the risk is a little more than one in three. as part of its ongoing partnership with the american cancer society (acs), the national funeral directors association (nfda) is participating in the relay for life national team program for the third consecutive year. 

read more
 




veterans & family memorial care announces 2009 cell phones for soldiers results

posted fri, 01/08/2010 - 12:21 by administrator


sanibel, fl- the results have been tabulated. over 800 exclusive vfmc providers in 45 states participated. the total number of old cell phones collected from may 2009, when cpfs began tracking the collections, thru december 2009, is six thousand, two hundred, forty four (6,244). this translates into nearly half a million (500,000) free calling time minutes for our heroes overseas. 

read more
 




nfda 2009 international convention & expo sets records, including selling majority of 2010 expo space

posted mon, 12/07/2009 - 14:42 by administrator


brookfield, wis. - the national funeral directors association (nfda) 2009 international convention & expo, october 25-28 in boston, mass., drew 6,056 total attendees and 365 exhibiting companies. moreover, anticipation for next year's event in new orleans resulted in the association selling more than 61% of the nfda 2010 expo floor in just three days.
the breakdown for the 2009 nfda international convention & expo attendance is as follows:
total attendance: 6,056 

read more
 




nfda supports "bereaved consumer's bill of rights act of 2009"

posted fri, 11/13/2009 - 13:37 by administrator


brookfield, wis. - this week, the national funeral directors association (nfda) sent a letter of support to rep. bobby l. rush, d-ill., for the "bereaved consumer's bill of rights act of 2009" (h.r. 3655), which he introduced in the u.s. house of representatives in late-september.
rush's bill, which comes on the heels of the scandal at burr oak cemetery in suburban chicago, ill., would require the federal trade commission (ftc) to initiate a separate rule that would cover cemeteries and all other sellers of funeral goods and services. 

read more
 




forethought offers new funeral funding solutionssm portfolio

posted fri, 10/23/2009 - 12:00 by administrator


indianapolis, in. - october 23, 2009 - in support of its long-term commitment to its network of funeral planners, forethought life insurance company ("forethought") is pleased to announce the launch of its funeral funding solutionssm portfolio. this portfolio provides the industry's most comprehensive products and services to help consumers fund end-of-life expenses. 

read more
 




business conference to help funeral directors

posted fri, 09/18/2009 - 13:19 by administrator


business conference to help funeral directors - industry experts to provide tips on how to better serve families, boost profits
clearwater beach, fla. - funeral professionals throughout the country are already making plans to join some of the most innovative thinkers in funeral service at the fourth annual funeral service business plan conference, nov. 19-20, at the hilton clearwater beach resort.


read more
 


1
2
next ›
last »
 





copyright © 2009 aldor solutions, all rights reserved | privacy policy 








