      
 orlando meeting & convention hotel, golf resort orlando, near epic    

        


   
   to make reservations, please call (407) 996.6338. click here to book online     
skip navigation
search

submit search query
















previous slide



next slide
   
check availability
 local: (407) 996.9939
 reservations: (866) 996.6338



 menu
reservations: (866) 996.6338accommodations
accessibility
meetings
dining
weddings
specials
 menu


valentine’s day
holiday events in orlando
about us
location & transportation
dining
gallery
golf
spa
experience the creek
orlando arts & entertainment
press
blog
career opportunities
contact us



check in date
check out date
check availabilitylandmark of luxury and service
rising above the horizon stands rosen shingle creek® hotel, a sight welcoming you to experience the personal touch of an independent, full service, luxury hotel with all the amenities you expect. the location is prime—on universal boulevard, east of the orange county convention center north/south expansion, and 10 minutes from the orlando international airport. rosen shingle creek’s third and best-known quality creates the perfect trifecta—award-winning customer service.
this inspirational view cannot be denied. embrace nature’s harmony and balance indoors via spanish revival architecture and décor. take in sweeping vistas from the comforts of your spacious guestroom where you’ll have an eagle eye view of shingle creek golf course and the lush, verdant landscape.
take a peek at the creek
a leisure look atrosen shingle creekgolf, dine, shop, and relax. everything you need for a special getaway is here. shingle creek golf club features challenging yet rewarding greens, by the arnold palmer design company. orlando’s foodie experts herald a land remembered and cala bella as must-eat fine-dining restaurants as well as the plethora of casual restaurants and lounges in the hotel.venture outside to any of the four seasonally heated pools amidst tropical settings for an incredibly relaxing experience. even a simple stroll around the hotel sets busy minds at ease. wherever you find yourself in rosen shingle creek, our staff—stalwarts of providing the best stay possible—will attend to your every need.
view all offersextraordinary experiences
a romantic culinary affairrekindle the romance at one of our two decadent four-course dinners....

view offer 
head over heels in loveindulge in a blissful escape this february with our swoon-worthy monthly spa specials and receive a ...

view offer 
florida/georgia resident rateattention florida and georgia residents! ...

view offer 
fresh year, fresh start for your skinimagine starting 2025 with a radiant glow that feels as vibrant as it looks....

book now 
find your happytake a break and embrace your playful side at universal mardi gras, february 1 - march 30....

view offer 
let fashion drive youmake a bold statement on your next orlando vacation with the let fashion drive you package....

view offer 


view all offerswelcome back to rosen and orlando!
national tourist daywelcome! we are so happy to have you join us whether you are local or visiting from afar. we have missed you. it hasn't been the same without you.thank you for making us your home away from home!
watchmore videosharris rosen, founderstart planning your...

orlando meetings and eventswhat makes rosen shingle creek stand out in orlando, the convention destination hub of the southeast, is the rosen difference®. as an independent hotel, the level of customized service we offer is incredibly rare.
meeting

rosen shingle creek weddinga sophisticated, vibrant venue—check. delectable, innovative cuisine—check. add unparalleled expertise in organizing and hosting your dream wedding.
wedding
follow us on instagram at rosenshinglecreekdining
golf
spa
experience the creek
holidays
press
location & transportation
accessibility
contact ussubscribe to our newsletter  "*" indicates required fieldsemail*
unsubscribe from our email list.captcha submit newslettersubmit 










  connect with rosen shingle creek®















© 2022 rosen shingle creek®, 9939 universal blvd., orlando, florida 32819 | (866) 996-9939 | reservations (866) 996-6338terms of use
privacy policy
dog policy             accessibility


b&c


contrasts dark 


contrasts white


stop movement


readable font


underline links
a
a
acancel accessibility 

provided by:
                            