


home page





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close





 
welcome to scouter659's jlt home page



 
 

 


home page
new on the site
contact page
troop jlt course page one
troop jlt course page two
troop jlt course page three
troop jlt course page four
troop jlt course page five
links-n-stuff
jlt/team building photos
odds-n-ends page
more training tips 
camp stonehaven 2004
guest book page
scouthaven 2004
tr.659 jlt camp 2004
zoar valley 2004

 




back to brownsea!leadership is not about who is smarter or tougher. it's about qualities we all have, or can work to improve upon.
let me begin by encouraging you to post messages in the corkboard which you can link to on several pages here. i would encourage you to utilize that feature as a way for you to share with others your own troop jlt experience and ideas you may want to share. i am finding that there are many of you who share the passion for a good troop jlt so let's use this site together to help and inspire others! --- also, i am working on a personal group email to include new ideas and resources for junior leader training. if you want to be on that list, email me and let me know!i never really thought of the internet as a deeply personal experience but in my case it has sort of turned into that. what i would like this site to do for those who navigate it is to feel a "sharing of experience" with me as i guide scouts through our style of junior leader training. as you "click" through this site, you may find little odds-n-ends of quotes and phrases and paragraphs here and there all about leadership that you wouldn't expect to find.  scouters know how time can be a precious commodity especially when one has to work for a living so let me thank you in advance for taking a look at this jlt site and i hope it can help you in some way towards a mutually beneficial endeavor.i am scoutmaster in troop 659, cheektowaga, ny. my personal passion is junior leader training. our course runs throughout the entire 'scout-year' from october through early june. we hold leadership classes once a month at regular meetings & two classes each month at our regularly scheduled campouts. we then hold a 'graduation' weekend campout in early june. to my knowledge, it is the most comprehensive and elaborate system of junior leader training done by any individual boy scout troop.   my corkboardplease keep this in mind:as a personal project, i have been building a "travelling jlt memorabilia" display. this is now an ongoing project for me.  i will soon include a recent picture of it somewhere in the site so i'll keep you posted. meanwhile if you or anyone you know is willing to part with any type of jlt patch or neckerchief, i would be very interested in purchasing those items. please get a hold of me by way of my "contact page" to let me know the details.thank you very much!


updated - june 2004 
our 6th junior leader training course is now history as 11 scouts graduated on june 12. congratulations to cameron reardon, curtis brown, michael bojar, ryan kelly, jacob stanton and andrew laurienzo.we're already looking forward to next year and the next group that will consist of 8 second-year scouts. the first time we'll meeti with them will be in summer camp and our training staff is ready to do it again.how does a scout qualify to take our course?__________the troop jlt course is mainly for 2nd-year scouts who are at least 12 yrs old. they must be active and must have attended at least one week of summer camp. sometimes we'll have boys who come into the troop other than transitioning from ours or another cub pack or even a 'transfer' scout who may be a little older. those scouts would also qualify for the course as long as they have been active and have attended summer camp. the basic philosophy of this is that we feel that they have already made at least a year and a half committment to being in the program. we are primarily interested in working with active scouts. we put a great deal of work into the course and do everything we can to make sure that, at this point, they are 'serious' about scouting. 


















	      search
	      










this site
freeservers














	      for
	      




















we're nearing the end of our 6th consecutive year of our jlt course. look for information, stories and updates on how things went this year. we have had the pleasure of bringing in 5 scouts from a neighboring troop which has given this year's course an added special dimension this year.
 




