 









find local business, search popular businesses in los angeles, ca























 





change current city:


find me








get customers
add my businesss
login
signup
















welcome to finduslocal
your usa online business directory
here you will find lots of information relevant to all local  businesses throughout the usa.










search listing



















search business listing
in los angeles, ca
free local usa businesses:

change and update your address and phone numbers
use our free social media management tool
post from one interface into your facebook, twitter & google plus pages


yes, add to my business



daily inspiration

today's date:
monday february 17 
born this day? the secret language of birthdays says: "
the day of the battler"



today's quote:
"
freud is the father of psychoanalysis. it has no mother."-
germaine greer"


today's funny name:

jack hammer 





















free business listing/premium  listing only $20

premium businesses: drive more customers to your local business now!

your business name, phone, address & slogan appears above
your business is featured in your city & all surrounding areas
get a relevant quality direct link to your website
an entire page on finduslocal.com is dedicated to your business (no external ads)

give me more local customers for only $20












real estate 

los angeles limo service 

3183 wilshire boulevard
los angeles ,
ca 90010 (213) 769-0070 
a quality experience 


advertise here









restaurants and cafes 

hae jang chon korean bbq restaurant 

3821 w. 6th street
los angeles ,
ca 90020 (213) 389-8777 
a quality experience 


advertise here









hotels and motels 

jw marriott los angeles l.a. live 

900 west olympic boulevard
los angeles ,
ca 90015 
excellent service! 


advertise here









home health care and services 

mom's home care 

8149 santa monica blvd #282
los angeles ,
ca 90046 
best in the area! 


advertise here









auto repairs and service 

rpm brake service & auto repair 

2900 s robertson blvd
los angeles ,
ca 90034 (310) 836-2503 
best in the area! 


advertise here









health clubs and gyms 

paradiso crossfit 

4113 redwood ave
los angeles ,
ca 90066 
excellent service! 


advertise here













city information

mayor: antonio villaraigosa
airports: los angeles international airport whiteman airport lapd hooper heliport van nuys airport

tourist attractions: hollywood wax museum hollywood walk of fame tcl chinese theatre museum of tolerance getty center museum of contemporary art, los angeles griffith park

unemployment rate: 8.6%
county: los angeles county
population:3,792,621





find local business, search popular businesses in los angeles, ca
finduslocal.com is a unique usa local business directory that uses its local searching engine to find a local business, get local usa business addresses and do business phone number lookups and other phone number searches
and even do cell phone searches. when you visit the main page of finduslocal.com you will notice that this local business directory site has local news, local sports events, local and popular concerts, events and shows.
finduslocal.com also features other social media posts and tweets and the businesses that you see will be tailored to your local community and the city that you are currently located in when accessing our site. you
can easily change that local city by entering a different city and state in the top navigational area of the page. we also provide local business news and sometimes cnn breaking news and other small business news and
popular events. there is a lot of content on various local city services. there are tons of business addresses as well as a multitude of other informative and interesting local business content too - more than you would
find at a local chamber of commerce office! search for local businesses and recent local business reviews online. find local reviews and leave comments and reviews about the local businesses in your city and community.
finduslocal actively promotes and markets all premium businesses throughout their respective local communities getting them more new customers daily! also, local businesses can use the back office of finduslocal.com
to manage, send and distribute their social marketing posts from one interface into facebook, twitter and google plus. finduslocal.com is leading the way to help local businesses succeed.


coming soon!
coming soon! local mobile text messaging services to greet, retain and build your local and loyal customers! we help you build your text messaging database and establish strong customer loyalty programs for your business.
we feature some of the lowest sms management and text sending costs in the industry. we provide complete easy to use turnkey methods and strategies, each with proven success for all local businesses to succeed easily
in their local marketing and advertising! make sure your business is listed and promoted using local usa business directories like finduslocal.com









local business categories


- administration of economic programs
administration of environmental quality and housing programs
administration of human resource programs
agricultural production - crops
agricultural production - livestock and animal specialties
agricultural services
amusement and recreation services
apparel and accessory stores
apparel finished products from fabrics & similar materials
automotive dealers and gasoline service stations
automotive repair services and parking




building construction - general contractors & operative builders
building materials hardware garden supply & mobile home dealers
business services
coal mining
communications
construction - special trade contractors
depository institutions
eating and drinking places
educational services
electric gas and sanitary services
electronic electrical equipment & components except computer equipment
engineering accounting research management & related services




local suburban transit & interurban highway passenger transport
lumber and wood products except furniture
manufacturing industries
membership organizations
mesr/anlyz/cntrl instrmnts; photo/med/opt gds; watchs/clocks
metal mining
mining and quarrying of nonmetallic minerals except fuels
motion pictures
motor freight transportation
museums art galleries and botanical and zoological gardens
national security and international affairs




local business directory

a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z










finduslocal

home
terms of service
privacy policy
disclaimer
finduslocal uk
sitemap



customer support

member login
contact us
blog



about the company
 
 upgrade now! get more sales 
more information here













