 home - featherdale sydney wildlife park     
    

  
contactabout ustour groupsget photosgift cardsbuy ticketshomevisitanimal encountersour animalseducationevents & birthday partiesexplorer annual passcontactabout ustour groupsgift cardsbuy ticketsvisitwhat's ongetting theredaily schedulegift shop & cafeticket optionsaccessibilityfaqanimal encountersclose-up encountersinteractive experiencesour animalseducationeducation adventuresself guided excursionsfaqvolunteermake a bookingevents and birthday partiesbirthday partiesvenues & packagesexplorer annual passchoose your membershipexclusive eventsprice comparisonvisitwhat's ongetting theredaily schedulegift shop & cafeticket optionsaccessibilityfaqanimal encountersclose-up encountersinteractive experiencesour animalseducationeducation adventuresself guided excursionsfaqvolunteermake a bookingevents and birthday partiesbirthday partiesvenues & packagesexplorer annual passget closerexperience the wonders of australia through the extraordinary native wildlife that call featherdale home. we're open every day - 365 days a year - and we'd love you to come and explore 7 acres of australian bushland and get closer to over 260 aussie native species in the heart of western sydney.our animalsconservation8am – 5pm daily217 kildare road, doonside, sydney nswpark mapat featherdale sydney wildlife park, we connect you with the incredible world of australian native wildlife. we're here to educate, advocate and help you better understand the animals that call featherdale home.discover the unique behaviours, habitats, and stories of australia's diverse wildlife. featherdale sydney wildlife park is home to over 2000 australian native animals, including over 60 threatened native species which we passionately protect to help secure these species for future generations. we invite you and your family and friends, to visit us and gain a deeper understanding of the fascinating world of australian wildlife. our commitmentlearning for lifewe love all animals and we’re dedicated to sharing that passion with you and our communitywe careour animals are always our highest priority; their emotional, mental and physical wellbeing take precedence over all we do.who we areconservationwe are committed to fostering a profound connection between individuals and animals, particularly those facing endangerment. by immersing yourself in our parks, you will cultivate a heightened appreciation and respect for all species, along with an understanding of protecting their habitats in the wild. communityfeatherdale sydney wildlife park is here to encourage learning, and ignite a love of wildlife in students, families, and the wider community. our passionate staff welcome everyone to our park and focus on helping you create amazing memories with aussie animals.education & engagementget closer at our sister parksour three parks are all an easy drive from sydney, and there’s endless opportunities for you to see more of your favourite animals from all over australia, and across the globe.featherdale sydney wildlife park is very proud of its sister parks - mogo wildlife park and hunter valley wildlife park - as a group we can focus on supporting even more threatened species, and importantly, it gives you a chance to discover more of nsw without heading too far from the city. hunter valley wildlife park is under two hours drive from most of greater sydney, while mogo wildlife park is just 4 hours drive from the southern suburbs of sydney. set yourself a goal to visit them all and do it in style with one of our ultimate explorer annual passes, giving you and your family access to lots of added extras and savings from all of our parks. ultimate explorer passeslearning for life with education adventuresfeatherdale sydney wildlife park is the perfect venue for your next school excursion our new learning program featherdale education adventures has been designed to be more engaging for students and teachers, provide more access to both our animals, and the knowledge of our passionate keepers. education adventures is tailor-made for es1 and s1 students, however all learners are welcome! self-guided student pricing is available for other age groups, tafe and university students, special needs groups and international esl student groups. excursion enquirieskeeper for a day become an explorerwhen it comes to visiting, once is never enough! unleash boundless adventures with the ultimate explorer annual pass - discover over 3000 animals in 3 parks across new south wales - from meerkats in the hunter valley, the gorillas at mogo and the quokkas at featherdale sydney wildlife park and so much more!there's over $330 in ultimate explorer member benefits included for free!find out morewhat's on? learn morelearn morelearn moreup-close animal encountersbe inspired in the closeness of an australian native animal  featherdale sydney wildlife park exists to bring you and your guests to a greater understanding of australian wildlife, and there's no better way that to experience a featherdale up-close animal encounter. buddy up with a featherdale keeper to meet a quokka, venture into our koala kindy enclosure or hand-feed little penguins or our young wombat olive! plus there's more to discover at mogo wildlife park and hunter valley wildlife park too - sign up as an ultimate explorer and have a year of wildlife amazement! find out moreour animals come firstwe're proud to be custodians of over 260 species of native australian animalsfeatherdale sydney wildlife park is dedicated to the future of all australian native animals and takes pride in its role as custodians of the world's largest collection of australian native animals - with over 2000 native animals in our care. our featherdale animals are like family to us, and are exceptional ambassadors for their species. meet our animalscassowary southern cassowaries are solitary birds, coming together only during breeding season from july-september read moreglossy black cockatoo glossy black cockatoos are among australia’s rarest. when a chick emerges from its tree hollow, it’s a significant moment not just for the proud parents but for the entire species read morelorikeet calling all bird lovers to our walk through lorikeet enclosure.  enjoy our stunning lorikeets flying around and possibly even landing on you! read moresouthern hairy-nosed wombat affectionately known as ‘bulldozers of the bush’, wombats create remarkably large burrow.  these underground homes offer perfect protection from extreme climates and predators, ensuring their safety year-round. read morepenguin little penguins live in colonies that can have hundreds of members ashore at one time. from june-august, males will come ashore and renovate old burrows or dig new ones. read moreemu emus are the world’s second tallest bird, and third heaviest. they are a flightless species- however they do have small wings which they use to cool themselves. read morekookaburra laughing kookaburras are very territorial and sedentary, usually living in small family groups which co-operate in raising young and protecting territory read moreyellow footed rock wallaby yellow-footed rock-wallabies live in colonies of up to 100 individuals, consisting of smaller groups with a dominant male, females and sub-dominant males. read moreechidna short-beaked echidnas belong to a unique group of mammals called monotremes. apart from echidnas, the only other animal in the world that belongs to this group is the platypus. read moretasmanian devil tasmanian devils are primarily solitary animals, living in territories that may intersect other individual’s territories. each territory will have 3-4 dens, which can be utilised for years, especially by females with young. read morewoodswallow extremely social birds, woodswallows are uniquely known for perching closely together as a flock. this behaviour not only strengthens social bonds but also conserves energy and retains warmth through the night. read moredingo dingoes do not bark as is the case with domestic dogs. the alpha male and female will usually be the only breeding pair in the pack, with other subordinate members assisting in the rearing of pups. read morekoala koalas are not a bear, but are in fact a marsupial. koalas have thick fur that ranges from very light to very dark grey on the head and body, with white patching on the bottom, chest and ears. read morekangaroo island kangaroo like other kangaroo species, kangaroo island kangaroos live in mobs consisting of a dominant male, several adult females and subordinate males, and joeys. read morewombat common wombats are a short, robust marsupial native to south-east australia and tasmania read morequokka often called “the happiest animal in the world”, quokkas are a small marsupial related to kangaroos read moregift cards to make them smileshare the wonders of featherdale with your loved ones if you're in search of a great gift, look no further than featherdale sydney wildlife park. we offer a variety of gift cards that make ideal presents for any special occasion. these gift cards can be used for up-close animal encounters, providing a one-of-a-kind opportunity for your loved one to fully immerse themselves in the world of australian wildlife. from snapping selfies with quokkas to hand-feeding penguins and meeting our adorable young wombat, these experiences are sure to create unforgettable memories that will last a lifetime. and the best part? our animal encounters are perfect for both locals and international visitors, so anyone can enjoy this unique and memorable experience.buy gift cardsexplore our encounters stay in touch with your australian wildlife parks familystay up-to-date and subscribe to our newsletterssign up nowyour information is only utilised by featherdale sydney wildlife park. for more information see our privacy policy.visit usgetting theredaily schedulecontactfaqour animalsanimal encounterseducationbecome an explorertour groupsevents & birthday partiesbirthday partiesevent packages8am – 5pm daily, 8am - 2pm christmas day217 kildare road, doonside, sydney nsw 2767 (near blacktown) australiaread our ticket terms and conditions of entry for all australian wildlife parks herefeatherdale wildlife park acknowledges aboriginal people as the traditional custodians of the land on which our offices and operations are located, and we pay our respects to elders past, present and future.© 2019-2025 featherdale sydney wildlife park • privacy policy • disclaimera part of the australian wildlife parks familyvisit austwp.com.au
        



