











pamlico area photo tours and travel information















favorites





















 









toggle navigation


















rental homes


hotels


activities


























hotels
for postcard-perfect long weekends, or full week stays that have exceptional access to indoor and outdoor pools, restaurants, and amenities, there's nothing quite like the convenience of a stay at a local hotel or motel. a number of area hotels have been welcoming guests for decades, and as a result, vacationers have come back year after year for the fantastic service and the million-dollar views.







vacation rentals
visitors are often surprised at the number and variety of weekly vacation rentals throughout the area.. vacation rentals are, in fact, an increasingly popular accommodation available to vacationers, and visitors will find that the sheer number of rentals available allows them to find an ideal retreat to fit their crew, from quiet condo complexes to brightly colored oceanfront sand castles.










havelock, nc


while the small town of havelock is often overshadowed by its crystal coast neighbors, the city is nonetheless a prime waterfront retreat for eastern north carolina visitors who want to experience the real everyday life of the inner banks. home to the renowned marine corps air station at cherry point, the expansive and wild pine cliff recreational area, and a small handful of shops and restaurants that shine a light on the local culture, havelock is a fun day trip for nature lovers, military buffs, and anyone who wants an inside glimpse into the real, hardworking coastal carolina.








new bern civic theater


visitors who want to take in a fantastically performed local show while admiring one of new bern's many historical gems should make a date to attend a production staged by the new bern civic theatre. with a role of a lifetime as one of craven county's most distinctive artistic resources, the nearly 50-year-old theater group is overwhelmingly enjoyed by local performers, artists, and patrons alike.

new bern

map it











festival park


washington's festival park may look like a scenic and quiet natural park during a typical day in the downtown area, but the park comes to life regularly with an assortment of movies, concerts and festivals that have put the small town of washington on the map.

washington

map it









bath, nc


the small community of bath hasn't changed that much since it was officially established in 1705, and locals and long-time visitors wouldn't have it any other way. the small town, barely over a square mile in area, hugs the waterfront of the pamlico river and bath creek in virtually every direction, and is well stocked with historic residences and buildings that pay tribute to a rich history filled with pirates, indian wars, and fierce political rivalries.










the 7 best beach & fishing coolers 2025


nothing beats an ice-cold beverage while relaxing on the beach. nothing is worse than reaching for an icy drink and finding your cans swimming. coolers are essential for family days on the sand. a good modern cooler will keep food and drinks fresh for days. in addition to beverages, fishermen rely coolers to keep bait fresh, and hopefully the catch of the day. walk onto any beach or pier in north or south carolina and you’ll see a plethora of cooler models and sizes. cooler technology has advanced rapidly in modern years. top-end hard-sided coolers can keep ice frozen for a week. soft coolers are easier for one person to carry onto a beach, but can still keep food cool for days. cooler materials and price points vary wildly, so we put together this guide with our recommendations for your coastal vacation.








pecan grove marina


the pecan grove marina stands out among the marinas and boat slips that veritably overrun the small town of oriental for three distinctive reasons: location, location, location. set slightly inland from mile marker 182 along the intracoastal waterway (icw), the marina has a unique locale that's just barely surrounded by low lying land, making it an exceptionally peaceful harbor during virtually any and all wind and weather conditions.

oriental

map it











north carolina history center


the north carolina history center, which is part of the extensive tryon palace, is a new 65 million dollar complex which transports visitors back in time to explore new bern’s more than 300 years of local history.

new bern
252-639-3500
map it









oriental history


what we now know as oriental was first settled about 1870 by louis b. midyette. he took shelter in the area's natural harbor on the neuse river and the mouth of smith creek when he was blown off course on his way to new bern.










lawson creek park


lawson creek park is an active destination that's suitable for nature lovers and outdoors fans of all genres. encompassing a massive 140 acre site surrounded by the waters of lawson creek and trent river, this park is a perfectly scenic locale that feels worlds away from the rest of eastern north carolina, but still has ample amenities to keep its more active visitors hard at play.

new bern

map it









belhaven, nc


the little town of belhaven may be a blink-and-you'll-miss-it town, but eastern north carolina visitors who decide to take the long way home along us highway 264 will be rewarded with a visit to a picturesque waterfront town that is filled with historical and coastal charm. this small community of less than 2,000 residents has a prime location on the north shore of the pungo river, just eight miles away from the massive pamlico sound which separates north carolina's inner banks from its outer banks. as a result, visitors here will find exceptional fishing, incredible open water views, and a hardy, salty culture that is typical of north carolina's life on the water.













belhaven, nc history


originally named jack's neck, belhaven was once a bustling industrial town with a half-dozen lumber companies and a branch of the norfolk and southern railroad.








oriental, nc


many locals attest that oriental is a "contagious destination," where vehicular travelers via the two lane us 55, or maritime travelers along the neuse river or pamlico sound, tend to stop by for a night or two, and end up sticking around for an extended, if not permanent, stay. a salty and friendly community that is relatively isolated from the rest of the central inner banks, this small town is big on community spirit, and possesses a natural love of all things nautical that is evident around every boat dock, every waterfront boardwalk, and every winding creek.








down east canvas and gallery


the down east canvas and gallery, located at the foot of the bridge in oriental, is one of the pamlico region's most interesting art spaces, with quite an unusual history to boot. with an avid collection that spans from the practical, (namely canvas boat supplies), to the naturally inspiring, the destination is part utilitarian marine store, and part eclectic gallery showroom, and the end result is a remarkable one-of-a-kind gallery that somehow feels quintessentially oriental.

oriental

map it









creekside park


creekside park is the largest park in the town of new bern, and it’s situated close to the local airport, just off of us highway 70. the park extends for 11 acres and since opening in 1997, is one of the most popular destinations for a myriad of both youth and adult sporting events.

new bern
252-636-6606
map it









contact us - pamlico.com


need to get in touch with us?we'd love to hear from you!








washington, nc history


explored in the late 1500s it was finally settled in 1690. james bonner started the town on his own farm in the 1770s. after serving in the continental army, bonner returned home and in 1776 renamed his town, originally called ''forks of the tar,'' for his commanding general, washington. the town boasts that it is the ''original washington.'' it was a major shipping port playing an important role in supplying the colonists when the british held savannah, charles town and wilmington under siege. prized for its good waters it became a major commercial and cultural center for nearly a century.











select a city 



outer banks


crystal coast


beaufort, nc


cape fear


wilmington, nc


wrightsville beach


carolina beach


southport, nc









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













