








awfumc: homepage







































toggle navigation







about
bishop
ministries
finance/admin
ministerial services
events











churches
clergy
districts
resources
staff



























2025 annual conference
 learn more about the 2025 session of annual conference, june 8-10, 2025 at fumc pensacola.
more





california wildfires: how to help
 learn more how you can financially help the residents of california following devastating wildfires.
more





hurricane response: ways to help
 learn more about how your local church can help after hurricanes helene and milton.
more





awf flood bucket challenge
 we need your help!
more





holston named next awf bishop
 read more about bishop l. jonathan holston, incoming bishop of the awf conference.
more





ac 2024: in review
 read more about the 2024 session of annual conference held june 16-18 in montgomery, al.
more





revive us again
 these four priorities will guide the ministries of the conference in the coming year.
more





awf new ministry
 learn about the various new places of worship throughout the awf conference
more





dismantling racism resources
 click more for ways to listen, watch and learn.
more





teaming with tanzania
 the awf conference has established a partnership of discipleship and shared ministry. learn more.
more





sunday school commentaries
 these lectionary-based readings are written each week by rev. hunter pugh.
more





awf communications audit
 use this resource to evaluate your local church communications strategies.
more












newsview all







 february 11, 2025
awf new church starts see fruit of their labors in 2024

(rev. kelli hitchman-craig for awfumc) - 2024 was a year of growth and revitalization for many churches across alabama-west florida, but for one special group of churches, 2024 was their best year yet! the new church starts and ...                    






 february 06, 2025
an appointment timeline update from bishop holston

brothers and sisters in christ,   the alabama-west florida cabinet is currently in consultation with pastors, churches and staff-parish relations committees about the upcoming clergy appointment season. this next cycle will run ...                    






 january 28, 2025
awf lay servant ministry thrives with the help of new church starts

(rev. kelli hitchman-craig for awfumc) - the backbone of the united methodist church is the ministry of the laity. our values, as laid out in the book of discipline, affirm that the local church is the “most significant arena ...                    






 january 13, 2025
an update on awf conference legal proceedings

friends in the alabama-west florida conference, our conference is currently engaged in several legal proceedings to protect the property rights of the united methodist church. these efforts are vital to ensuring that the resources...                    






 january 09, 2025
an interview with bishop jonathan holston

bishop jonathan holston was recently interviewed by mary catherine phillips, awf director of communications. in this video he discusses his family, appointments, the new umc, laity involvement and much more.  click here to view. ...                    






 january 06, 2025
a word from bishop holston: clergy health and wellness

dear clergy of the alabama-west florida conference, as we stand on the threshold of a new year, a season of both opportunity and challenge, i want to pause and reflect with you on the essential role that your well-being plays in ...                    











quick links
awf black history month calendar
2025 annual conference
california wildfires giving links
hurricane helene giving link
lenten resources
2024-2025 appointment book
may 16 trustee review of 2549
umc church start locations
local church stats reporting
clergy care with eap
um beginning again
transferring umc membership
how to avoid phishing scams
church login
contact information change form
land's end store
clergy pictorial directory
submit a prayer request
photo albums








upcoming eventsview all




february
                                  

22
                                  
panhandle district lay servant ministry training event





february
                                  

27
                                  
free your mind and your heart will follow





march
                                  

6
                                  
game changing leadership: the offering moment





march
                                  

14
                                  
bishop's confirmation 2025 retreat





















features







new ministry strategies









awf virtual churches









huntingdon college









stay connected














contact us
4719 woodmere boulevard
                        montgomery. al 36106
                        (334) 356-8014



sign up for newsletters
get all the latest information
subscribe now 



connect with us






open hearts. open minds. open doors.







