











home - lake chelan mirror



























      wednesday, february 19, 2025    




                  search                


                  subscribe                


                  e-editions                



                  send us your news! 



                        anniversary announcement                      


                        birth announcement                      


                        birthday announcement                      


                        engagement announcement                      


                        obituary announcement                      


                        wedding announcement                      


                        letters to the editor                      


                        report news                      












 




            32 °
          

            light snow and fog/mist          

            forecast
          

















advanced search











toggle navigation




main menu






home




                  e-edition 



                        special sections                      




                  news                



                  obituaries 



                        submit an obituary                      




                  opinion                


                  business                


                  sports                



                  classifieds 



                        post a classified                      




                  legals                


                  calendar                



                  web extras 



                        agriculture                      


                        automotive                      


                        books                      


                        business                      


                        education & careers                      


                        entertainment                      


                        food                      


                        gardening                      


                        green living                      


                        health                      


                        home improvement                      


                        kids & family                      


                        lifestyle                      


                        money matters                      


                        outdoors                      


                        pets                      


                        real estate                      


                        seniors                      


                        spanish                      


                        tech                      


                        travel                      


                        trivia, history & games                      




                  ncw news                


                  search                


                  subscribe                


                  e-editions                



                  send us your news! 



                        anniversary announcement                      


                        birth announcement                      


                        birthday announcement                      


                        engagement announcement                      


                        obituary announcement                      


                        wedding announcement                      


                        letters to the editor                      


                        report news                      
















top stories

chelan ffa shapes future leaders in agriculture and beyond




							chelan – every year, national ffa week offers an opportunity to showcase the impact of agricultural education, leadership, and hands-on learning in local chapters across the country. 

  …						



				more news				










						substance use prevention night to bring resources to chelan valley families					


					chelan - local organizations are joining forces to host a comprehensive substance use prevention event aimed at supporting families across the chelan valley region. the community gathering, scheduled  …				





						chelan schools announce first semester honor roll					


					chelan — chelan high school and middle school announced their honor roll students for the first semester of the 2024-25 academic year, with 254 students achieving academic excellence across  …				





						chelan council approves park policy code modifications and ordinances					


					chelan – the city council approved three code modifications and added two new ordinances related to city parks at its regular bi-monthly meeting on feb. 11. 

 the city has been working with  …				








						bipartisan bill aims to boost u.s. disease testing after covid-19 shortfalls					


					washington — a bipartisan group of lawmakers introduced legislation on thursday aimed at strengthening the nation's diagnostic testing capabilities during public health emergencies, drawing on  …				













more news

chelan schools announce first semester honor roll
chelan — chelan high school and middle school announced their honor roll students for the first semester of the 2024-25 academic year, with 254 students achieving academic excellence across  …



washington lawmaker proposes regulations for self-checkout machines
olympia - proposed legislation could change the way customers shop at grocery stores, as one democratic lawmaker is pushing for regulations on self-checkout machines. 

 

 

 

 

 house  …



what is wa’s parental ‘bill of rights’? and how are democrats seeking to change it?
olympia - legislation to update last year’s parental “bill of rights” initiative is heading to the washington state house of representatives amid a host of disagreements over what  …





			more news			








community calendar






						fri					

						28	
					



						chs blackhorn drama presents the great gatsby					

						chs blackhorn drama presents the great gatsby,  …					







						sat					

						1	
					



						chs blackhorn drama presents the great gatsby					

						chs blackhorn drama presents the great gatsby,  …					













					wed				

					19				





					thu				

					20				





					fri				

					21				





					sat				

					22				





					sun				

					23				






 browse full calendar
		



 post an event
		



 








local features







						lake chelan building supply, where customers become friends					


					chelan - when it came time for brett la mar to hand over the reins to his family business, lake chelan building and supply, he wanted a buyer who would embody his parents’ motto – where  …				










						manson teen soars to eagle scout rank					


					manson – cameron willoughby, a 2024 manson high school grad, celebrated a major milestone in december when he was recognized for achieving the rank of eagle scout.  

 earning the eagle  …				







			more local features			




chelan county sheriff's report







						chelan county sheriff's report					


					this report is compiled from records provided by the chelan county sheriff's office and rivercom. the publisher cannot certify the complete accuracy of the information provided.				










state news



						why a wa lawmaker wants to collect data on cow farts and burps					


					olympia - the latest beef in olympia? cow burps, farts, and poops. washington lawmakers are considering a bill that seeks to gather better data on the scale and scope of methane emissions released by  …				





						washington lawmakers renew push to make clergy report child abuse					


					olympia - two democratic state lawmakers are trying again to require clergy members in washington to report child abuse or neglect, including when it is disclosed to them by a congregant during  …				





						washington lawmakers look for ways to build more housing in rural areas					


					olympia - building more housing in rural parts of washington is again top of mind for some state lawmakers. 

 bills to allow backyard cottages in new areas, to expand where developers can receive  …				





						debate revived in wa legislature over unemployment benefits for striking workers					


					olympia - when workers go on strike, they’re often making a bet to temporarily lose their wages to fight for better ones.  

 this year, the washington legislature is again trying to  …				








						washington farmers want agritourism law reforms					


					olympia - farmers across the state say regulations are getting in the way as they develop products they can sell directly to the public. 

 from pumpkin patches to u-pick berry farms, the impacts  …				








						proposal loosens controls on birth control prescriptions					


					olympia - insurance companies will be required to fill up to a 12-month supply of birth control pills, if a bill by sen. emily alvarado, d-seattle, is approved.  

 “i experience  …				





						after arson, wa lawmakers advance bill to warn of ballot box tampering penalties					


					olympia - following an arson attack ahead of last november’s election that torched hundreds of ballots in a southwest washington drop box, state lawmakers are looking at modest ways to better  …				





			more state news			











						obituaries					









grady sullivan white
grady sullivan white, at birth, of chelan, washington passed away on february 12, 2025.  

 precht rose chapel is handling the arrangements for the family.



janice mellon
janice mellon, 91, was born in kennydale, washington. she passed in east wenatchee, washington on wednesday, february 12, 2025. 

 heritage memorial chapel is handling the arrangements for the  …










gregory pusey
gregory pusey, 71, of chelan, washington passed away on february 7, 2025.  

 precht rose chapel is handling the arrangements for the family.



michael simmons
michael simmons, 74, of manson, washington passed away on february 6, 2025.  

 precht rose chapel is handling the arrangements for the family.










eugene christopher ramos
eugene christopher ramos of chelan, washington passed away on february 06, 2025.



ricky wayne bolinger
ricky wayne bolinger, 70, of chelan, washington passed away on january 7, 2025. 

 precht rose chapel is handling the arrangements for the family. 





			more obituaries			













get your event in the spotlight with ward media!




							if you have an exciting event to share, email reporter quinn propst at quinn@ward.media. we’ll showcase the five most captivating events of the week, giving your event the recognition it deserves. even if your event isn’t among the top five, it will still be added to our events calendar and featured online. don’t miss this chance to make your event shine! 

here is this week's list of 5 things to do this week. 








								live music: leanna shannon							


							tipsy canyon winery brings another winter evening with live music by leanna shannon on february 6 at 4 p.m. – 6 p.m.  “leanna  …						




								fresh press friday							


							experience fresh apples like never before! visit us at cider press in manson on february 7 from  

 8 a.m. – 4 p.m. “make  …						








								chelan lanes cosmic bowling							


							join us on february 7 from 5 p.m. to 11 p.m. for a super fun bowling experience with black lights, lasers, dance music and family fun.  

  …						




								red hot dance party at lcw							


							come celebrate at lake chelan winery with live music featuring the lakeboys in the fabulous barrel room on saturday, february 8, at 5 p.m.   …						








								pub trivia at stormy mountain brewing							


							join your friends and family on february 12, 6:00 p.m. – 7:30 p.m., for the local favorite – stormy mountain pub trivia in  …						





















 




february 19, 2025


view this issue



													browse other issues
											



 

























opinion

from the publisher




community conversations: building bridges through local dialogue

our community newspaper serves as a vital gathering place for meaningful local dialogue. we believe that the strongest communities are built on understanding, shared experiences, and the collective  …









mountains of possibility, our shared tomorrow


				in these early days of 2025, as winter settles across north central washington, i'm struck by an overwhelming sense of possibility. from the snow-dusted orchards of the wenatchee valley to the  …			











serving as your legislator was my honor and privilege


				the washington state legislature will begin its 105-day session on january 13th. thanks to your support in the recent election, i’m now in the process of transitioning to the county courthouse  …			






			more opinion			








features





former chelan hospital to transform into 'hub center' with offices, coworking space

chelan – the former hospital building in chelan is being repurposed into a mixed-use business building called the hub center. 

 managed by coldwell banker cascade, the property will provide  …









hot tubs liquidators expands to wenatchee


				wenatchee—hot tubs liquidators, a local chelan business, continues to prove itself as one of the most affordable spa businesses in the region. owners john and carol aldrich look forward to the  …			






			read more local features			












sports





winterhawks swoop in, snare 6-5 overtime win at wild friday

wenatchee – good things usually come in threes, but the wenatchee wild are trusting that a better fate is on the horizon than the one that found them friday at town toyota center. 

 for  …









spokane forces overtime in final seconds, steals 4-3 win tuesday over wild


				spokane  – with 7:48 to play tuesday night at spokane arena, brendan dunphy pushed the spokane chiefs’ backs against the wall with a go-ahead goal, only his second  …			






wenatchee bighorns open ticket sales for 2025 season


				wenatchee — the wenatchee bighorns professional basketball team is releasing single-game and season tickets for their 2025 the basketball league (tbl) season, which opens march 1 at wenatchee  …			






			more sports			











						web extra content					









ai chatbots are becoming romance scammers — and 1 in 3 people admit they could fall for one




						(bpt) - by mcafeeit started with a dm.for five months, 25-year-old computer programmer maggie k. exchanged daily messages with the man she met on instagram, convinced she had found something  …					

 





10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter




						are you looking for trip ideas to embrace the cold weather months? copilot compiled 10 drivable u.s. locations that are ideal for winter visits.					

 





noaa’s vast public weather data powers the local forecasts on your phone and tv – a private company alone couldn’t match it




						noaa operates fleets of satellites, sensors on airplanes and ocean-going buoys, as well as radar, providing the data used by weather forecasters nationwide – and freely available to anyone.					



				more web extra content				


 











part of the ncw news network

                  131 s. apple blossom drive. ste. 109 chelan, wa 98816
1-509-682-2213



sections



                  e-edition                


                  news                


                  obituaries                


                  opinion                


                  business                


                  sports                


                  classifieds                


                  legals                


                  calendar                


                  web extras                


                  ncw news                





helpful links


              about us            


              contact us            


              terms of service            


              change of address            


              delivery issues            


              vacation stop            


              ai editorial policy            


let's connect!


 





our family of publications


              cashmere valley record            


              quad city herald            


              the leavenworth echo            


              ward publishing            


              wenatchee business journal            














        © copyright 2025 lake chelan mirror      

powered by creative circle media solutions









