 the human calculator | mental math trainer - scott flansburg          
    



skip to content
homecoursesbecome a human calculator – professionalbecome a human calculator – studentbecome a human calculator – kidscoloring book courseaboutblogscontact
homecoursesbecome a human calculator – professionalbecome a human calculator – studentbecome a human calculator – kidscoloring book courseaboutblogscontact



join the program


🎉 new year sale! 🎉 use code new40 to get 40% off !
🕒 become a genius this year!become a human calculator & make mathematics your best friendour program will help you feel more comfortable and confident with numbers in every day life



become a human calculator today!


free demoemailaccess free training  results and not testimonialsthese members that have been trained using the human calculator program

eric sanchez - seventh grade

rahul patel - sixth grade

atharv vallmbhatla - eighth grade

harshil avlani - seventh grade

durham benavides - sixth grade

devansh avlani - fifth grade

richelle daniel - second grade

puranjay madupu - second grade

aiden galliart - second grade

aydin daniel - third grade

gabriel salganick - fourth grade

daniel cheng - fifth gradecourses by scott
become ahuman calculator
professional edition
for business owners and working professionals who want to take their math skills to the next level



course details



become ahuman calculator
student edition
for students who want to excel in math and ace all their math tests. recommended for ages 11+



course details



become ahuman calculator
kids edition
for kids who want to get an early start and do mental math instantly. recommended for ages  5 – 10



course details




clovk 
62 hoursof training material

users 
235,813currently enrolled

    
109subtitled languages
as seen on












about scott flansburg
scott flansburg holds the guinness world record holder for the ‘fastest mental calculation’ after adding the same number to itself 36 times in 15 seconds. he is also an annual host and founder of the national counting bee, a fast-paced annual competition to find the fastest human counters. flansburg discovered his mental calculation ability at the age of 9 when his math teacher asked him to add four numbers. he can mentally add, subtract, divide and multiply numbers with the accuracy of the calculator naturally. in 1990, he started using his abilities in the education and entertainment industry. to date, he has published books like math magic and math magic for your kids.scott has been featured in popular shows worldwide like the ellen show, the oprah winfrey show, usa today, bbc breakfast, espn, history channel, and many more.international podcastsscott reveals the latest mental math techniques and learning with industry-leading experts.


free podcasts

translated in 109 languages worldwideafrikaansalbanianamharicarabicarmenianazerbaijanibasquebelarusianbengalibosnianbulgarianburmesecatalancebuano (philippines)chewachinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)corsicancroatianczechdanishdutchenglishesperantoestonianfilipino (tagalog) (philippines)finnishfrenchgaliciangeorgiangermangreekgujaratihaitian creolehausahawaiianhebrewhindihmonghungarianicelandicigboindonesianirishitalianjapanesejavanesekannadakazakhkhmerkinyarwandakoreankurdish (kurmanji)kyrgyzlaolatinlatvianlithuanianluxembourgishmacedonianmalagasymalaymalayalammaltesemaorimarathimongoliannepalinorwegian (bokmål)odiapashtopersianpolishportuguesepunjabi (gurmukhi)romanianrussiansamoanscots gaelicserbianshonasindhisinhalaslovaksloveniansomalisothospanishsundaneseswahiliswedishtajiktamiltatarteluguthaiturkishturkmenukrainianurduuyghuruzbekvietnamesewelshwest frisianxhosayiddishyorubazuluwhat influencers have to say

scott flansburg getting kids excited about math is so wonderful!
oprah winfrey
scott has a mind blowing super power. he’s the fastest human calculator in the world.
stan lee


you’re like ‘a human calculator’
regis philbin
scott's approach to numbers and arithmetic is one of the most educational and entertaining programs we have had at our mastery events.
tony robbins

get scott flansburg'shuman calculator calendar 2022 and 2023 editionfor freehuman calculator calendar formemailget the calendar  latest mental math insights for you
mental math techniques

5 effective mental math practice techniques for young kids			mental maths is the ability to perform mathematical calculations in your head without using pen and paper or a calculator. it requires strong memory skills. to retrieve the number combinations and facts requires good long-term memory. working memory also plays a vital role in tracking the steps needed to solve a particular problem.

read more »		

july 2, 2021		

1 comment		
preparing for a math olympiad

the ultimate guide to preparing for a math olympiad			have you ever wondered what it would be like to compete on the international level in maths olympiad?want to know more? you are in the right place. read further to know the details about the math olympiad and best practices before going to the olympiad.

read more »		

july 2, 2021		

no comments		
become a human calculator

how to quickly understand mathematical ideas in just three easy steps!			mental mathematics is the brain’s ability to quickly calculate the math problems in mind without using calculator paper and pen.unlike traditional math in school, where most students simply opt to memorize the steps. mental mathematics helps you understand the core of the problem.this way, you can twist it, break it and reorganize to find the answers.

read more »		

july 2, 2021		

no comments		need help or have questions?if you have any questions or concerns please contact us and someone from our support team will get back to you within 24 hours. 


contact us





log in



contact

 
support@scottflansburg.comquick links
home

about

contact

privacy policy

terms
become a human calculator
professional edition

student edition

kids edition
join our mailing listand get access to exclusive contentnewsletteremailsubmit60672  


facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



linkedin
 
  learn the secrets to become a human calculatorthis is free, however there is a waitlist to get inblank form (#7)emailjoin the waitlist73956                 



