








bidvertiser - direct advertising network




































































 





menu
home
advertisers
publishers
company
contact us
support
login
register

advertiser
publisher


social

blog
linkedin
twitter
facebook
instagram


 



linkedin









the direct advertising network where optimization meets transparency finding the optimal match between advertisers and publishers has never been easiermonetize your traffic create campaign











self-serve platform made for you!qualitypre-screened traffic sources aimed at generating conversions for our advertisers. we live and breathe affiliates, offers and conversion optimization for over 10 years.
transparencywe understand the importance of knowing your traffic sources and segmenting them to maximize conversions. nothing is hidden, everything is segmented.
targetingour traffic is fully segmented, so you can target as accurately as needed: geo, user agent, device, browser, isp, carrier, subid, bid and day parting. you are in control.
optimizationyou get a detailed view of every bit of traffic that you get - so you can optimize accordingly. automatic optimization, bid-override and postbacks guarantee your success advertiser?thousands of advertisers can't be wrong! create your campaign now and start counting conversions. create campaignin-house technology state-of-the-art ad serving and real-time optimization, combined with machine learning based on concurrent and historical big data makes our solution unique. read below to learn more about the bidvertiser framework and how we make sure that every impression counts.

thousands of transactions analyzed every second real-time optimization of hundreds of data vectorstop notch fraud-detection with zero tolerance to failureconstant creative scanning assures a malware-free ecosystem super-fast delivery by own data center combined with distributed cloud unique user delivery guaranteed by our accurate fingerprinting create campaignad formats - desktop & mobile, mainstream & adult direct navigation

 pop under

 push notifications

 in-page push

 injection pops

 native ads

publisher?join now and make money from your website, blog, extension, toolbar, domain, app or search engine.monetize your trafficbidvertiser, some numbersnetwork websitesdaily ad servedcountriesmonthly conversionsjust a few of our clients.we serve hundreds of advertisers but we have room to credit just a few 












privacy
terms and conditions
cookies policy
 
© bidvertiser, serving you since 2008. developed by bpath, ltd  



scroll up

direct navigation traffic from expired links, typos or domains. users are captured and immediately redirected to your landing page, in the active window, while browsing. high-intent users and exceptional conversion rates!


pops are the new browser windows or tabs showing over or under a currently viewed page. they appear automatically during the browsing session and display your landing page. drive unmatched awareness with high volume quality traffic!


push ads are native ads that are sent directly to the users’ devices, regardless of their browsing session, displayed as an “alert” message which strongly captures the attention. think of a new whatsapp message alert that you receive – as effective as that!


in-page push ads match the look & feel of the website in which they appear and are displayed as an “alert” message which strongly captures the attention. think of a new whatsapp message alert that you receive – as effective as that!


contextual pops (injection traffic) are injected by browser toolbars and extensions and are triggered by domain names or keywords. ads are injected as pop ads when the user types in a url and/or search a keyword. any domain name can be targeted and the more popular it is – the more traffic will be triggered. injection traffic is great for e-commerce, travel and any merchant-to-merchant campaigns.


native ads match the look & feel of the website in which they appear and unlike banner ads, they look less like ads and more like part of the editorial flow of the page. expose your content to a natural flow of engaged visitors!

















 

