

























california nurses association | national nurses united








      skip to main content
    














facebook twitter tiktok instagram flickr vimeo 






toggle navigation








main navigation


about


about nnu


jobs


contact us


join as at-large member


join as a retiree


join the nurse advocacy network




affiliates


california nurses assoc.


cna homepage


cna 101


about cna


contact cna


cheu




dc nurses assoc.


global nurses united


michigan nurses assoc.


minnesota nurses assoc.


new york state nurses assoc.


national nurses organizing committee


nnoc homepage


veterans affairs






campaigns


safe staffing ratios


national safe staffing ratios


california safe staffing ratios


maine safe staffing ratios




workplace violence


medicare for all


calcare


health and safety


covid-19


social justice and equity


racial justice


gender justice


environmental justice




artificial intelligence in nursing


gig nursing


home all alone




organize


organizing with nnu


organizing contact form


organizing: how it works


 organizing: know your rights 


organizing 101




resources


membership


patients: know your immigration rights


continuing education


endorsements


national endorsements


state and local endorsements


california endorsements




supported legislation


national legislation


california legislation




nurse advocacy network


nursing practice


research & reports


online university programs


scholarships


shop nnu online




media


press releases


press contacts


blog


national nurse magazine


video gallery




rnrn


rn response network


join rnrn volunteers


deployment faq


donate to rnrn








search



performsearch






organize




























 








          about cna

      

founded in 1903, the california nurses association is a premiere organization of registered nurses and one of the nation’s fastest growing labor and professional organizations in the u.s. with more than 100,000 members in more than 200 facilities throughout california.







 








          cna 101

      

your guide to joining the rn movement. learn more about our program, our history, and how we are organized.





 








          cheu

      

the caregivers and healthcare employees union is an independent union formed in 2001 by hospital employees to win strong union representation, better benefits, and improved conditions for employees and patients. it is an affiliate of cna.












press releases





  





nurses call for action to oppose sudden closure of  st. rose family birthing centerregistered nurses on monday, february 10, are holding an action to protest st. rose hospital’s suddenly announced plans to close its family birthing center in hayward, california, which provides care for expecting and post-partum patients and infants in the city as well as the neighboring cities of castro valley, fremont, and union city. february 7, 2025

  





san joaquin county nurses to hold one-day ulp strikehundreds of registered nurses in san joaquin county’s health system will hold an unfair labor practice (ulp) strike on friday, jan.17, to protest management’s persistent undermining of the bargaining process. the nurses filed a ulp charge against the county, charging that management made unilateral changes outside of the bargaining process, jeopardizing the recruitment and retention of nurses, which has a direct impact on patient safety.january 15, 2025

  





rn response network monitoring massive los angeles-area fires, evacuationsthe registered nurse response network is currently monitoring the severe wildfires that have damaged or destroyed thousands of structures and caused five deaths across the greater los angeles area. rnrn will continue assessing the situation and the potential need to activate nurse volunteers in response. january 9, 2025

  





san joaquin county nurses to hold one-day unfair labor  practice strike on jan. 17registered nurses in san joaquin county’s health system will hold an unfair labor practice strike on friday, jan. 17, to protest management’s persistent undermining and circumvention of the bargaining process since the nurse’s contract expired on april 30, 2024january 7, 2025








all cna press releases




















organize with the california nurses association to improve workplace standards through collective bargaining, reform national health care legislation, and make a difference for you and your patients.






organize with cna




learn more













videos








          2024 california nurses association lobby day

      

hundreds of registered nurses rallied and marched in sacramento, calif. before meeting with legislators about nurses’ key issues and priority legislation.










          safe staffing ratios protect patient and nurses

      

safe rn ratios have been proven to improve the quality of care and nurse recruitment and retention in california hospitals, yet understaffing is a major issue rns struggle with every day. together, we can change that.





see all videos











national nurse magazine



 












let the strike times roll! new orleans nurses stage historic walkout for a fair first contract







          hemet rns successfully delay obstetrics closure

      

hgmc registered nurses successfully prevented the planned closure of the hospital’s obstetrics department. 







          two cna-sponsored bills signed into law

      

legislation tackle medical debt and dearth of clinical placements









          nursing the nation

      

our solidarity and courage mean everything on the road ahead





                full issue   

arrow-right-solid








                see all issues   

arrow-right-solid



















campaigns




 








          california safe staffing ratios

      

a.b. 394, the cna-sponsored safe staffing law, has multiple provisions designed to remedy unsafe staffing in acute-care facilities. california’s safe staffing standards are based on individual patient acuity, of which the rn ratios is the minimum.






 








          calcare

      

the california nurses association is proud to sponsor assembly bill 1400, the california guaranteed health care for all act (calcare), which would guarantee comprehensive, high-quality health care to all california residents as a human right.






 








          supported california legislation

      

cna is committed to building a broad movement for transformative social change and confronting the powerful interests that dominate our economic and political system. learn more about our supported and sponsored california legislation.



















about us


about nnu


jobs


press








quick links


membership


rnrn disaster relief


nnu patient protection pac








contact
8455 colesville rd
suite 1100
silver spring, md 20910
t. 240-235-2000
f. 240-235-2019
info@nationalnursesunited.org
press@nationalnursesunited.org







facebook twitter tiktok instagram flickr vimeo 


© 2010 - 2024 national nurses united    |    privacy policy















