







providing the best service and the finest in xray and digital products.



















































products you depend on, quality you rely on, and service you can trust.that is the les wilkins commitment to you!
les wilkins and associates10430 nottingham rdedmonds, wa 98020206-522-0908
    



















homeservicesradiology

fujifilm

cr systems

prima t2xl-2 
dr systems

fuji dr esfuji fdr flex 
 
xray tables

summit industries

innovet high frequency 
myvet

myvet ct i3dmyvet table i72wmyvet table x500 
del medical

del medical dfmt 
 

medical

anesthesia

vms mobile cartvms plusvms wall mountvme2 mobile cartvmr non-rebreathing 
ventilatorsvaporizers
dental

my vet pan i2dmy vet ray wezray vet cartez sensor vetmy vet dental software
contact ussupport  







our business is to serve you!for over 60 years, les wilkins & associates has devoted its efforts to providing the most complete line of radiology and surgical equipment for the veterinary profession. the reliability of the company and the excellence of its products is built upon a solid foundation of the many years of experience and has established a reputation for quality, service and dependability unmatched throughout the industry. over the years, we have been selected to completely outfit 90% of new veterinary hospitals in the great pacific northwest. we constantly strive to improve our product line so you have the best for your clients.


















 



 







les wilkins & associates

as a company who supports veterinary hospitals and clinics, the state of washington considers us to be an essential business. for equipment and service emergencies, we can come to your clinic taking care to observe social distancing and sanitizing procedures.


we are always available for remote technical assistance m-f, 8:30 – 5:00.
supplies, equipment and parts can still be ordered and shipped.
the office is open to receive your calls.  206-522-0908
we are here to work with you through this unprecedented event.



thank you.
			




proudly selling and servicing premium veterinary, chiropractic and medical radiology equipment and products from –

							

























  
 
 







our hours:

sunday: closed
monday: 8.30am – 4.30pm
tuesday: 8.30am – 4.30pm
wednesday: 8.30am – 4.30pm
thursday: 8.30am – 4.30pm
friday: 8.30am – 4.30pm
saturday: closed





our location:population mapping  

 

go to top





 

































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. by continuing to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.acceptdecline


