































dash auto





home
our services
window tinting
paint protection
remote starters
fukken wax
request a quote






with over 25 years experience in the automotive industry, owner/operator dallas heinitz has been serving airdrie and the surrounding area at dash auto since 2003.
protecting your vehicle and improving the appearance of it is what he truly loves to do!





our services





window tinting
dash auto uses high quality tint which comes with a lifetime warranty. this film blocks 99% of uv rays and will not interfere with cell, radio or bluetooth signals. click on the above image for more information.



paint protection
why not keep your vehicle looking newer longer? increase your resale value by protecting your paint with paint protection film. click on the above image for more information.



remote starters
stay ahead of the cold with our top quality remote starters! dash auto now offers the complete installation of remote starters. request a quote for pricing and more details.




window tinting


        dash auto uses high quality tint which comes with a lifetime warranty. this film blocks 99% of uv rays and will not interfere with cell, radio or bluetooth signals.
    



why tint the windows on your vehicle?


once the tint is applied, the solar heat in your vehicle is reduced which allows you to use your air conditioning less often, improving fuel mileage and lowering the stress on your engine.
window tint reduces the glare from sun, snow and headlights.
aftermarket window tint helps to hold the glass together in the case of an accident which keeps dangerous glass shards out of the vehicle
window tint helps to prevent sun damage to your vehicle’s interior which keeps it from fading and/or cracking.
having tint on your vehicle gives you more privacy and may even help to prevent theft (they won’t steal what they can’t see!).






use and care:
do not roll down your windows for 48 hours after your windows are tinted to ensure the film has sufficient time to dry. during the drying process, the film may appear slightly cloudy or have water spots in the film. please don’t touch the film – just wait for it to completely dry out (which can take several days and even up to a week in cooler weather).
                








paint protection


        why not keep your vehicle looking newer longer? increase your resale value by protecting your paint with paint protection film.
    



                inevitable scratches, chips and stains can damage the paint on your vehicle which can lead to rust problems down the road and also ruin the beauty of your vehicle. paint protection can be applied anywhere your vehicle would be exposed to potential damage such as the hood, bumpers, rocker panels and even trunk ledges and door handle inserts. once installed, the film is virtually invisible yet will protect your vehicle like nothing else!
            

                the paint protection film that we use is extremely high quality and offers edge seal technology, resistance against yellowing and staining and is also self-healing from damage due to light scratches and swirl marks.
            


what you need to know:



                computer designed kits are cut in house so there is no cutting on your vehicle.
                use and care: please wait 24 hours after the film is applied before washing your vehicle. we recommend that you don't get closer than 2 feet with a wand from a pressure washer, particularly around the edges of the film.
                warranty: the x-pel paint protection film that we used is covered by a 10 year comprehensive warranty.
            





partial front end
18” – 24” up hood and fenders
front bumper and side mirrors



full front end
full hood and fenders, front bumper and side mirrors



complete
every exposed paint surface






remote starters


            stay ahead of the cold with our top quality remote starters! dash auto now offers the complete installation of remote starters!
    



why have a remote starter?

                    it truly is a great way to offset those cold canadian winter mornings. starting your vehicle from the comfort of your home is pretty terrific and getting into a warm vehicle just makes the commute a little more bearable.
                



better than a factory starter?
our top of the line starters have up to one mile of range in addition to the confirmation shown on the lcd screen that your vehicle started. no more guessing.
                
request a quote for pricing and more details.
            







fukken wax







                we are also an authorized dealer of fukken wax. 
                fukken wax is an amazing waterless car wash in an aerosol spray can! i have tried a lot of different waxes over the years and this one far outperforms anything else i have tried, especially in terms of shine and durability. it is super easy to use as well – just spray and wipe with a soft microfibre cloth and you are good to go! it also works on glass, chrome and fiberglass.
            







request a quote


name:

phone number:

email address:


i would like a quote on:


window tinting
paint protection film
remote starter


enter your vehicle's information here. please include year, make, model and 2dr/4dr information:

*enter the number 22 into the field below. (anti-spam)
                                                    




































where we're located




phone: 403-945-dash (3274)
address: 301, 151 east lake blvd. airdrie, ab, t4a 2g1
email: dallas@dashauto.ca
hours: monday-thursday 8:00am-5:00pm friday 8:00am-12:00pm



























