

home | thomaston-upson schools












































































skip to contenthelpdesk requestsearch sitethomaston-upson schoolshome of the knights!helpdesk requestsearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip galleryend of galleryaboutin 1990, the community voted to consolidate the thomaston city and upson county school systems creating one system that would serve all students within thomaston and upson county. the thomaston-upson school system opened its doors at the beginning of the 1992-1993 school year. with a little more than 4,100 students in grades pk-12, the thomaston-upson school system is small enough to maintain a friendly and safe environment while offering students an array of resources and opportunities often found in only the larger school systems. the thomaston-upson school system enjoys a strong connection with the community and views this as crucial to the long-term success of our schools. we encourage students to form bonds with local individuals and groups through community service and community involvement. our employees are active in local civic organizations and volunteer their time for community events. the unity of school and community enriches our students’ and employees’ lives, improves our schools’ environments, and ultimately creates a community where young people can thrive. together, our schools and community are working to fulfill the mission of thomaston-upson schools, which is excellence in education. . .every individual, every day.spotlightprevious spotlight itemas deputy superintendent, i  work closely with the superintendent and school & district administration to ensure that district-wide goals and practices support  instructional excellence & high student achievement. i've been at tu schools for 28 years, 3 in this position.- amy miller, ed.das assistant director of exceptional children services (ecs), i support students, teachers, staff & administrators with  ecs goals & needs and support the implementation of positive behavior interventions & supports. i have been at tu schools in this position for 3 years. - starr jeffreysas school nutrition director, i ensure standards & policies for school food & nutrition are implemented and maintained in accordance with local, state, and federal requirements. this is my 26th year in education, 25th year at tu schools, and my first year in this position.- cristina cunningham, ed.d.next spotlight itemfind usthomaston-upson schools205 civic center drivethomaston, georgia 30286phone: 706-647-9621fax: 706-647-7154schoolsthomaston-upson schoolsupson-lee high schoolupson-lee middle schoolupson-lee elementary schoolupson-lee primary schoolupson-lee pre-kupson-lee alternative schoolstay connectedcopyright © 2025 thomaston-upson schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more

