






























    advanced cosmetic techniques - natchitoches, la - home
  
 











             
  


 jennifer adkins110 university parkway natchitoches, la 71457jenniferjadkins@aol.com318-352-4983


       home



  about us


   tv appearances





  services



  faqs



  testimonials



  gallery


   full faces



  eyebrows/eyeliner



  lips



  scar camouflage



  areola restoration





  contact us











    
 





       trust your face in the hands of experience!   

call natchitoches location

  

call orange beach location




    permanent, natural-looking makeup
 as a busy individual who enjoys enhancing your own natural beauty with traditional cosmetics, you probably spend most of your morning routine applying makeup before heading out the door. while you may have an initial confidence boost, you may also notice your makeup smearing, smudging, or simply fading throughout the day. you don’t have to waste your time with cheap makeup that has short-lived, disappointing results; you can invest in your appearance and confidence with permanent makeup from advanced cosmetic techniques! • • •


    
 





    

  

about us


  

  

services


  

  

testimonials


  

  

gallery




   we’re here to help enhance your beauty today, cosmetics can be permanently applied through the medical profession as dermapigmentation; this process evolved from the ancient art of tattooing. gloria jean "g.j." normand and her daughter, jennifer adkins, of advanced cosmetic techniques have been applying permanent makeup since 1985; prior to that, they were both certified clinical electrologists. they have over 30 years of experience in the beauty industry!g.j. and jennifer have appeared as guests on several nationally televised talk shows, including oprah winfrey, joan rivers, montel williams, lifetime's attitudes, queens, as well as many others. jennifer operates the studio in her hometown of natchitoches, la.    

read more





    get a free consultation!
 • • • we encourage you to invest in your self-confidence and call us for your complimentary beauty consultation. we look forward to helping you look and feel your very best!introduction to permanent cosmetics video    

contact us


   





   contact today to schedule your consultation! • • •  contact us
   name:

 email:

 phone:

 message:






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.








      



    

• • • 110 university parkway, natchitoches, la 71457  • (318) 352-4983jenniferjadkins@aol.comprivacy and cookie policy 
 


















































































































  
  share by:










