






swap hand me downs 
































navigation








home
features
services
how it works
about
forum
our site map
contact us













swap handmedowns pioneer in helping thousand of parents 
 swap around free child clothing online and offer parent educational articles since 1999. 
home



























 



 home
just for parents 
how our program works
forum
helping others
contact
services
events-news
fun facts
about
resources
story
child safe tips
girls & science
school help
dear mom
parent tips 
site map






welcome to swap handmedowns where everyday is earth day.  connecting new friends & the world! 








 parent help, recycle donate kid clothes, and make a new friend









welcome to swap handmedowns where everyday is earth day. making new friends and recycling gently used child clothing connecting new friends & the world since 1999! 
public message from founder of swap hand me downs: "let us join hands and hearts across the globe to nurture a world where kindness flourishes, curiosity thrives, and dreams are embraced in the coming years. for the children, the architects of our future, let us build a tapestry of compassion, understanding, sharing, and boundless possibilities. may every adult be a guiding light, inspiring the young minds to grow with love, empathy, and a sense of wonder. together, let's create a world where every child and every adult can unfold their potential, knowing that their unique contributions make our global family richer and more vibrant." cc 12/24/23 swap hand me downs founder jane sadowy


more about us:  would you like to help a new parent with gently used baby clothes? please list them at our forum. please take the time to use this site. we have been online since 1999 fully sponsored by founder jane sadowy and we are considered the very 1st pioneer of swapping around kid clothes, recycling items, sharing children clothing, and bartering online. by recycling it is keeping our oceans, waterways & landfills cleaner. by sharing gently used child clothing we are learning about each other cultures and helping to keep children happier!



visit our new forum and sign up. create a profile or sign in to begin sharing recycling items you do not need anymore or ask for the next size up: 
click here
top 
join our facebook group pet journey video - humane treatment of animals - family friendly watch show for fur baby lovers. get spay/neuter help for your family pets. 
 join our pet journey video facebook group click here

i am networking globally with projects and woman organizations. don't forget to visit my facebook (meta) profile where i talk a lot about issues we need to be changed. connect with me jane mcnellis sadowy at meta fb


welcome visitor,

kids out-grow clothing so fast. do you have used child clothing that is still wearable. would you like to swap them around with other families - then why not recycle them here. why not recycle it right back (the least expensive way possible) among each other. please don't throw those clothes out! make a child happier and swap them around with other families with kids in your neighborhood.  have a child clothing barter at your churches.  save on the cost of child clothing to help pay your household bills on time. visit the forum become member or sign in here: 
sign up

clothes make children feel happy and proper apparel keep children warm. we just felt this was a good program to help families reach out and help each other. some families are on tight budgets, some families need a change, some families have extra items they don't need, some families need more closet space and some families just don't have enough to go around. just a onetime connection and you could find yourselves swapping fashion together for years & years. post your gently used clothing sizes at our messageboard.  the one receiving your donations should pay to you the shipping fee.  either way please discuss this with each other first before shipping out your gently used child clothing.  please pack up the box the way you would like to receive it.  the united states postal service now has a lower cost to ship items per box. 

for whatever reason you have to join the program - we're sure the kids will enjoy it just as much as you will.  
create a profile 

best regards,
jane 
president
swap hand me downs is a family friendly site!



top










please share swap handmedowns




thank you




©copyright 1999-2024, ™ ℠,  all rights reservedtrademark protected
swap handmedowns is not held responsible for third party affiliations or partnerships.  in no matter may this site be copied in the manner it is done since all rights to our first of its kind swap and barter are copied and registered by the state of nj and by the library of congress copyright office in the year of 2004 and pending copyright of the year of 2001. 






 














