



distillers wiki



















main page

from distillers wiki



jump to navigation
jump to search
welcome to home distiller














the calculators page has been *mostly* fixed! we will be working on improving them but for now most of them seem functional.



what is home distiller?
welcome to the largest online resource for distillation. this site contains detailed information regarding the creation of distilled spirits for beginners and advanced distillers. the information contained here is the distilled (pardon the pun) information contained in our forums. to ask specific questions or to do more research, check out the home distiller forums. 


beginners
 the journey of a thousand steps starts with one
beginners should check the beginner's guide and new distiller reading lounge.

beginner's guide to making distilled spirits: this should be your first read to start your journey.
know the legality of distillation in your area. remember folks: don't tell, don't sell
safety first! distillation requires responsibility
start reading the the rules we live by, introduction to distilling and new distiller's faq
what is: whiskey - rum - brandy - vodka - gin - cordials and liqueurs - other spirit types
if you are planing on making whiskeys please read this book: how to brew by john palmer
find basic outlines on how to produce common spirits in our spirit style guide
start with reading about the  theory of distillation
start planning your first run, buy some collection jars and make your flour seals
get to know your cuts and learn how to blend
now you can still, make it your own: developing a flavor profile with grain flavor profiles and woods for aging
books and publications - tables - charts - troubleshooting guide

washes, mashing and fermentation
 let the fungus make magic
once you've decided what you're going to make here's how to get it started. 

most good things start with good water
know the definitions of wash, mash, wort, must and marc
mash preparation from grains to starch
wash preparation from sugar products
fermentation of sugar into alcohol by yeast
you wouldn't want to drink a distillers version of a beer
wine is the precursor to brandy and many related spirits
need some inspiration, start here: tried and true recipes
all things mashing related: category:mashing
all things fermenting related: category:fermentation
all things yeast related: category:yeast

distillation
 ye olde timey pot still
now that your fermentation is complete the fun part comes next. 

distillation history and instruction
theory and design of stills
understanding cuts and fractions
prepare for your first stripping run and spirit run
beginner's tutorial for using a pot still
methanol and the denaturing of alcohol
commercial uses of ethanol beyond the beverage industry
all things distillation related: category:distillation
making fuel alcohol: alcohol as fuel

maturation, storage, and flavoring of spirits
 barrels and barrels
you're done making your product, next comes worst part, waiting. 

maturation, storage and cooperage
learn about woods for aging
and how barrels need toasting and charring
flavoring of spirits and cordials
making gin with vapor infusion or maceration

drinking & cocktails
 bottoms up!
now the best part, enjoying your product!

hd's drinks forum: drinks and drinking
wikipedia: liquor portal
archive of the previous hd content
the old version of hd has been archived as of 8/22/19.
the pdf archive of books and other articles is available here: https://homedistiller.org/pdf/




retrieved from "http://homedistiller.org/wiki/index.php?title=main_page&oldid=7847"
categories: bibliographyequationsequipmentfermentationglossaryhow-tomashingrecipesspiritsyeast



navigation menu



personal tools


log in





namespaces


main pagediscussion





english
expanded
collapsed









views


readview sourceview history





more
expanded
collapsed








search



















navigation


main pagerecent changesrandom pagehelp about mediawiki




tools


what links hererelated changesspecial pagesprintable versionpermanent linkpage informationcite this page






 this page was last edited on 22 august 2023, at 16:56.
content is available under creative commons license [cc by-nc-sa 4.0] unless otherwise noted.


privacy policy
about distillers wiki
disclaimers








