












































graduate life office













          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







it's ok to not be ok
crisis assistance








stanford

 
graduate life office





search this site

submit search



menu
who we arecrisis assistanceconcerned about a student?glo servicesthe graduate life office is here to support you!community associatescounseling and psychological services (caps)crisis assistancecurrent graduate studentsincoming graduate studentsshare title ix  and title vi officesupport in graduate residencesglo programsgraduate student programming boardnew graduate student orientation (ngso)ngso coordinatorsprevious ngsosprogrammingresourcesliving in palo altoresources by categorystanford policiesupdates from glostudents with childrenadditional support & resources



     graduate life office
    













 

































main content start



 



welcome to stanford!we are the graduate life office (glo) and we serve the entire graduate student population at stanford and their families. our specialty is helping graduate students, and we are here to help you navigate the issues, challenges and complications that are an inevitable part of life. glo deans are a source of comprehensive, impartial guidance and information related to all aspects of your life as a graduate student.





 








 



















crisis assistance
it's ok to not be ok. if you experience urgent personal difficulties, relationship issues, academic problems, or other life crises, the assistant deans in the graduate life office can be your lifeline. additionally, if you are concerned about a student, please visit here. 


            explore crisis assistance here
          









 






 














new graduate student orientation
welcome to the farm! ngso begins 9/18 - 9/25. our goal is to connect new graduate students with useful campus resources that will assist them during their time at stanford.


            explore new graduate student orientation
          










 














follow glo on instagram
the graduate life office has an instagram account. please use the bottom below to like and subscribe.


            like & subscribe our instagram here 
          








 



updates from glo

access our news archive 










 















  stanford prepares to honor veterans 



november 6, 2024


        a slate of stanford community events next week will honor our nation's veterans, active-duty service members, members of the national guard and reservists, and rotc cadets.
      
announcement








 















  grad and professional students enjoy picnic on the lawn



may 1, 2023


        sunny weather drew students and families to the lawn between evgr b and c last week for activities hosted by the graduate life office.
      
graduate community








 















  a week of welcome for new graduate students



september 27, 2022


        thousands of new graduate and professional students participated in new graduate student orientation, a weeklong series of events and programming designed to help them navigate lif
      
graduate community














 








 


























    back to top
  









stanford

 
graduate life office



        web login
      



address

 graduate life office
726 serra street
suite 173
stanford, ca 94305
united states

email: graduate life officetelephone: 650.736.7078concerned about a student?



important links


student affairs


updates from student affairs


red folder


stanford university indigenous land acknowledgment


communications support request form


student affairs photography & videography policy


report a website problem


crisis assistance




dean of students units


dean of students


graduate life office


office of accessible education


office of community standards


residential education













stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






