








 get paid to surf, get paid to read e-mail - getpaid4surf.com 











































make money online with 
getpaid4surf.com reviews:

best get paid to surf opportunities according to our editors: we've removed tons of programs from 
getpaid4surf. these 3 programs in our opinion are the only programs you should invest your time 
in right now. sign up for swagbucks, fiverr, and bing rewards. i receive at least one cash reward 
per month with these programs, still.


swagbucks.com 'editors' choice' #1 pick

your pay out: swag bucks are periodically awarded to you as you search the web.
referral tree: 100% up to 100 swag bucks per referral 
information: this company was personally recommended to me by a getpaid4surf.com visitor. 
she said she cashes in $5.00 amazon gift certificates every week with the swag bucks 
program. just search using swagbucks.com, search results are provided by google and ask. 
swag bucks are randomly rewarded as you search. redeem those swag bucks for products at 
the store. $5.00 amazon.com gift cards run only 500 sb. points add up fast, really fast, i've 
noticed. i make about $20 - $25 per month with the swagbucks program (dec. 2020). still i'm 
receiving about $25 per month from this program.

swagbucks is my all time favorite program thus far! it has paid me again & again. 

see my prizes screen shot (1) 
join swagbucks

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

bing rewards 'editors' choice #2 pick

pay out: bing rewards earn points for searching and other actions and redeem for points.
referral tree: 500 points per referral
information: bing rewards program gives you opportunities to earn credits towards free 
rewards. bing rewards is an awesome program. i use the points i earn for amazon gift cards. 
amazon.com gift cards are only 525 points and they add up quickly. program run by msft. i 
usually get a $5 gift card once every two months (sep. 2017).

bing rewards


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

fiverr 'editors' choice #3 pick

pay out: fiverr pays $5.00+ per job completed
referral tree: varies
information: fiverr facilitates the buying and selling of "gigs" online. basically fiverr pays you 
to do temporary jobs. just create a job, post it, and watch the money flow in. for example do you 
have a podcast? sell ads on your channel with fiverr and make a min. of $5 per order. fiverr 
pays and has a great reputation. i get 1 - 5 orders a week with fiver (jan. 2018).

join fiverr

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

'editors' suggestions

there are many apps out there promising to make you money. i haven't listed on this site thus far 
because getpaid4surf is about true passive income, but i think this is where things are going for 
good so see more apps in the future.

here is a list of promissing new apps:

letgo - sell items you no longer need.
ibotta (promissing) - earn cash back by taking pictures of your store receipts. real money, not 
points. 
lyft (promissing) - drive a car and get paid. no explanation needed here.
uber (promissing) - drive a car and get paid. no explanation needed here.
ubereats (promissing) - earn money with uber by doing deliveries.
declutter - sell old stuff.
shopkick (promissing) - pays you for going into or shopping at stores.
slidejoy - get paid to view ads on your mobile phone.
pact - earn cash for achieving your fitness goals.
apptrailers - earn cash for watching 30 seconds or less of app trailers.
gigwalk - earn money for local gigs, gigs pay $3 - $100.
clashot - get paid for taking photos of art, cities, food and more with your phone.
field agent - get paid about $3 - $12 for completing simple jobs such as visiting a local store 
and taking a picture of a display.
task rabbit (promissing) - become a handyman and get paid for it.
amazon mechanical turk (promissing) - make money through amazon working on hits.
instacart (promissing) - become a personal shopper and get paid for it.
odesk (promissing) - become a freelancer for a variety of jobs. elance merged with odesk.
wegolook - inspect vehicles or an auction item usally gigs far $20 or so.
ebates - site has been around forever. get cash back to shop your favorite stores.
google opinion rewards (promissing) - just answer quick surveys and earn google play 
credits.
postmates (promissing) - do deliveries and get paid.
handy - become a handyman and get paid for your work.
rover (promising) - take care of other people's dogs and get paid.
dogvacay - take care of other people's dogs and get paid.
offerup - sell your unwanted items to other people.
amazonflex (promising) - deliver packages to customers.
perk tv - get paid to watch tv.

*(promissing) indicator put on companies i feel have a more proven reputation and are larger in 
size. you usually need a big company backing these ideas or else product will became a race to 
the bottom. a lot of times that means steady profits and also investors putting new money into the 
venture. for now i'm just listing names of companies and not links, except may be for the more 
proven ideas. the worst is when you invest time into something and the company either a) 
doesn't have your back (race to the bottom) or b) goes out of business.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
get paid for surf the facts in get paid for surf history
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(as i've experienced it as owner of getpaid4surf.com)

getting paid to surf isn't a new concept on the internet. during the dot com boom the internet was rapid with 
companies promising riches on the web simply by surfing the internet with an ad toolbar on your screen. everyone 
hopped on the band wagon and starting to use and promote these paid for surf or paid to read e-mail programs. 
many paid out very well initially, but then eventually the income generated by these programs began to dwindle. 
companies once promising 50 cents an hour could only promise pennies. the stock market tanked and eventually 
all, but only a few paid to surf companies survived. the business model remains to this day, but the demand for 
these programs isn't as nearly as high as it was at its peek with the collapse of alladvantage.com. i've seen 
companies come and go. many companies that i've promoted on getpaid4surf.com i've generated income with, but 
have failed to pay me. the ones remaining especially the pay to surf programs marked "editors choice" i feel are 
the best the internet has to offer. 

pay to surf programs are evolving on a monthly basis and i vow to continue to post the best companies at the 
forfront of these new trends. although only a fraction of the interest that these programs once generated exists 
today i still am fascinated by making money from the internet. for this reason i still operate this web site today.

where have all the paid to surf programs gone? is this a faulty business model? it seems they are a dying breed on 
the internet. if you disagree with this statement and have suggestions for new programs shoot me an e-mail i'd like 
to hear from you. i'll even promote your referral link for a week on getpaid4surf.com if i like the program enough to 
post it.

there seems to be a paid to surf revival on the internet with these paid to surf or auto surf programs. they are 
basically traffic exchange programs where an advertiser pays money to advertise on the site to their visitors who 
sign up to view ads. one site called paid-surf pays 1% daily to its visitors for 365 days. paid-surf is able to pay 
their members by collecting advertising fees and off site investments. i haven't listed more auto surf traffic exchange 
programs on getpaid4surf.com because many are scams. some are ponzi schemes. many auto surf programs 
pay out way more to visitors than they could ever hope to earn from advertising revenue or investments hence the 
reason they are labeled ponzi schemes.

2017 going to start looking around for new paid to surf programs. get paid to surf is not the most popular industry 
on the internet anymore. most popular model seems to have shifted to get paid to shop programs.

if you would like to suggest a new company for my consideration or link exchange e-mail me: daniel @ 
getpaid4surf.com. i believe and of course i'm just slightly bias that getpaid4surf.com is one of the best paid for surf 
review directory sites on the internet. the only problem is getpaid4surf.com isn't #1 yet on all the terms i optimize 
on and i'd like to change that! if you like my site and you want to improve this site's web rank or improve your paid 
for surf related web site's ranking i'd like to trade links with you. please send your link exchange requests to the 
e-mail above. also, if you would like to advertise on getpaid4surf.com i'll post your link for $4.99 month. or if you 
would like to advertise on any other of my web sites 9malls.com, cashsherpa.com please contact me.

other paid to surf resources on the internet:

if you've searched for anything online in the past few years you probably know about.com is a great resource for all 
sorts of information. they seem to have researched almost everything known to man. they have even research paid 
to surf programs and offer a comprehensive list of the top paid to surf programs. some programs listed on about's 
page i do not have listed on getpaid4surf.com.

a newly busted business model:

i had never heard of 12dailypro.com until a few weeks ago. i guess they guaranteed a 44% return on your 
investment in 12 days. sounds too good to be true? yes... but that doesn't mean it wasn't immensely popular with 
the site raising 50 million from more than 300,000 investors. with this kind of money being poured into one web 
site the authorities got curious and the sec shut this ponzi scheme down. read more about 12dailypro.com here.

some questions i've been asked:

1) how long have i been receiving checks from various paid to surf companies that i have listed on 
getpaid4surf.com?
some companies i've been receiving checks for years, some since 1999. such as: cashsurfers or spedia. 
mypoints is probally the most legit company i have listed, they are very professional. the paid to read business 
model tends to be much more profitable than paid to surf.

2) how did i become interested in the "paid to surf" industry?
the internet in general fascinates me, it creates new business models and opportunities out of thin air. i like to 
keep up on these trends, such as the "randomizers" which sprung up around 2004. some of these randomizers 
have made their members a lot of money.

letter to getpaid4surf.com:

i just visited your website and wanted to tell you how impressed i am with the professionalism! :-)

i've been making money online since 1999 and have been doing ptr for over a year. only one thing i feel i should 
tell you... you have two well-known scams listed on your getpaid4surf page - cashfiesta and spedia. both of 
these will not pay members, they have been scamming people since 1999 (that i know of - perhaps longer) (just for 
the record spedia.com has paid getpaid4surf.com once) their modus operandi is to let members view the 
advertising, raking in money for them - then when a member tries to cash out, they're sent an email telling them 
that they "cheated" and won't be paid. but for some reason... they refuse to explain exactly how the member 
cheated. do a search on google "cashfiesta scam?" and view the many, many results from people who have been 
cheated by these theives.

caroline

- thank you caroline for the information! this above information is one's opinion and is not necessarily the opinion 
of getpaid4surf.com you should do your own research before signing up for any programs listed on 
getpaid4surf.com. getpaid4surf.com tries its best to pick the best companies for its site, but companies change 
and go through many different changes. so an organization might be great when i signed up for it years ago, but in 
the future it might become a dog. i will post any information sent to me on getpaid4surf.com and promote a link of 
your choice in exchange for the content that i deam relevant to getpaid4surf.com. so if you have any information 
or ideas please send to daniel @ getpaid4surf.com.

letter to getpaid4surf.com:

the info you give on your site is just great, thanks! the one thing i find a bit frustrating about getpaid4surf.com is 
cashsurfers.com being strictly a us/uk program. if cashsurfers.com were to change into a global program that 
would be great.

madhu

-thank you madhu i too wish that all program were global, but this obviously isn't the case. getpaid4surf.com 
receives many visitors specifically from india and pretty much ever were else around the world. if all programs were 
to become global overnight getpaid4surf.com would be even more popular than it already is. listen up all paid to 
surf business owners make your programs international there's a strong demand for it!

letter to getpaid4surf.com

two days back i happened to see your email in a website. i also came to know that you have the best knowledge 
about genuine paying autosurf websites. i did autosurf with many web sites for the last 5 months, but none of them 
paid me anything. some of the web sites already vanished. i am an indian, retired and i need to make some 
income to meet my growing expenses. i have spent lot of time in the computer with these web sites for nothing. so 
i request you to kindly let me know atlest 10 websites of autosurf who will definitely pay me if i work.your help in 
this matter will be of great use to me. simply as a senior person in age, i wish you all the best. hope to hear from 
you soon. thanks!

murali

-this letter was from a visitor in bangalore india. thank you by the way for all the support for getpaid4surf.com 
from india sometimes it seems i have more international visitors than us visitors. it's nice to know the information i 
have listed on getpaid4surf.com can be useful to someone. you are not alone with paid to surf companies not 
paying you i know this all too well. one thing i've found that works is if a company isn't paying you first send them 
a e-mail, if that doesn't work which it usually doesn't try to find a phone number. most of the time a phone number 
won't be listed on their site if it is call their customer service department. it's much easier to get someone to do 
something if you talk to them in person. if there isn't a phone number on the offending web site search the whois 
database for the owner of the domain name. in the google search box type in "whois" then put in the companies 
domain name. if whois doesn't work for you there is another online resource called alexa.com just enter the 
domain name into this web site and you'll usually find the companies contact information here as well. ok, so once 
you get someone from the company on the line or in your e-mail explain to them that you haven't been paid and 
more often than not they will send you a check. if you're really serious about getting paid contact the us better 
business bureau and complain to them about the company. i can't recommend 10 auto surf sites, but i will 
recommend two. they have paid me on a consistent basis and have had higher payouts than other companies. i 
don't know if they pay international however. the two companies i'd recommend are mypoints.com and 
sendmoreinfo.com. to tell you the truth i'm pretty much done with paid to surf companies that only will pay you if 
you if you search with an ad bar on the computer screen. i think that this was once the best paid to surf business 
model, but in my opinion it has become obsolete.

- getpaid4surf.com blog notes

other posts

added 01-19-17

looking at another program to add called trunited that basically pays you for shopping with them. the more people 
in their network, the more users will get paid. it's pretty complicated, need to research it more to make sure it 
works.

added 03-01-16
we just added fiverr. great company, worth checking out.

added 02-05-06
- making lots of money in life isn't just about making it, it's about saving what you keep as well. i found a blog that 
i'd like to share with gp4s visitors called dual income no kids. the blog covers issues regarding making money 
as well as saving it.

i think the best idea to come out of the get paid for surf business model in a long time is a company called 
winzy.com. it's a search engine that pays you to use it.

added 05-22-07
- i new program that i really like and is well run is called winzy.com. this program really is one of the best paid to 
search, paid to surf programs that i've ever seen. the search engine is very good, the results i'd say are better than 
ask.com or at least on par with ask. i've already won a $5 gift certificate for amazon.com through one of my 
referrals. that's one of the nice things about the program when you're affiliate win you win and there is no limit of 
how much you can win per month. so yeah, please visit winzy.com and sign up winzy is a great search engine 
and paid to search program. the banner for the program is on the top of this page.

added 05-24-07
- i was noticing with the new paid to surf programs, the new ones are nothing like the old programs. the old 
programs always seemed so amateur and you would be lucky to ever see a check from these companies. now the 
paid to surf programs look highly professional, the owners look like they meticulously thought out their business 
models. it seemed back in the old days of the internet just having a web site with a concept was enough to 
impress someone. now the internet has matured, its users are much more advanced; it takes a lot more than just 
a web site to impress the new generation of users. i believe the paradigm has shifted where once the internet was a 
trusting community of small grass root type sites to the new paradigm of a corporate internet. if your site doesn't 
look professional or "corporate" as i call it now matter how good your idea no one will take you seriously. the 
internet now mirrors the legal and structured real world instead of the subculture it once was. i think it's sad in a 
way because it shuts out the little guy, i think with any new market (if you look at the internet as a market) the 
more in matures the more money factors into the equation to gain exposure and market share. just some thoughts 
let me know what you think. i enjoy reading your e-mails! 

added 10-24-07
- paid to surf as a business model continues despite its frequent setbacks. i noticed that the best programs right 
now are hands down paid to read programs. i'm actually making decent money with inboxdollars.com, my favorite 
paid to read program. in addition i'm really liking a new business model where users are paid to look at a web site 
for a set amount of time. the newest program added to getpaid4surf.com following this new trend is titanclicks. i 
have purchased advertising from this company so when you join part of the money you will be receiving is mine.

added 12-14-07
- avoid the paid to surf scams with gptboycott.com. for the last 7 years this site has been devoted to helping its 
visitors avoid "get-paid-to..." scams online. rob sent me an e-mail suggesting this company. great resource!

added 01-17-08
i'm doing some updating today january 17th 2008. i've been looking around the internet lately and i'm realizing that 
pay-per.....whatever is alive and well. getting paid on the internet is different now that just surfing on the internet 
with an ad toolbar on your screen. getting paid online now included uploading videos on sites like revver.com and 
metacafe, getting paid to write blog entries at payperpost.com, and getting paid to write comprehensive reviews 
on companies at epinions.com. for a while i thought paid per.... on the internet was dead, but i'm now realizing 
more and more that's it's a stronger more legitimate business model than ever. it's a great time to be living right 
now. people all over the world can equally benefit from this continuing trend. it no longer matters where one lives. i 
know this is an old argument, but i think we are only seeing the beginning of this idea. moving towards a one world 
economy where everything is connected. if you would like to learn more about this idea i'd recommend a book that i 
just finished reading called the world is flat: a brief history of the twenty-first century by thomas l. friedman. 
i'm also interested in the one world economy because i now contract out web development with a company in india. 
as always i enjoy reading everyone's e-mails and suggestions.

please visit this site. beenpaid.com lists paid for surf sites that have actually paid. it's a rating system for this 
industry. check it out!

added 02-13-08
i've removed the paid to surf programs that are no longer paying off the main home page. if the program is on the 
home page now i believe in the company.

added 04-23-08
top 10 money making blogs!
problogger.com
daily blog tips
shoemoney
dosh dosh
john chow
entrepreneurs journey
performancing
strategic profits
affiliate tip
courtney tuttle

added 05-12-08
getting ranked better on google!!! i'm really happy about that. i'm glad my web site is finally getting more visitors. i 
believe my paid to surf site has more current and honest information than any of the other bs paid to surf sites out 
there. trust me most of the other paid to surf sites don't have a clue what they are talking about. all they want is a 
quick referral.

added 09-10-08
it seems all around the world now, starting in the united states, economies are weakening. i remember back in 
2000 when the internet bubble burst virtually all paid to surf companies went out of business. it will be interesting to 
see how paid to surf companies weather this new economic storm. the paid to surf genres of web sites is already 
an anemic industry in which light patches of economic weakness tends to lead to bankruptcy with a quickness. 
the winds are picking up, how many companies will get blown away?

added 01-01-14
it's a new year with new paid to surf opportunities. let's make it the best year yet. 

added 02-18-14
updated site, new design changes, added coupon code to swagbucks.com

other paid to 
surf programs:

cashsurfers.com (avoid)
once a great paid to surf program 
now pays pennies, if that. past 
checks (check 1) (check 2)
agloco.com (closed)
bannerunion.com (closed)
cashfiesta.com (closed, scam)
clicksia.com (closed)
ignifuge.com (closed)
paydate.com (closed)
netflip.com (closed)
searchcactus.com (closed)
spedia.com (closed, scam)
surfjunky.com (closed, scam)
valuepay.com (closed)

*new* cash for e-mail:

dealsncash.com (avoid)
same web site as hits4pay.com 
except a slightly different payment 
and referral scheme. $5.00 bonus. 
you will never get paid.

gainpay.com (avoid)
gainpay keeps real time stats of 
payouts to its members. payout 
threshold is only $1. gainpay.com 
has ten levels of referrals 
(10%-2%-1%-1%-1%-1%-1%-1%-1%-1%)
. do not waste your time with this 
site.

hits4pay.com (avoid)
pays a $10 sign up bonus. get paid 
$0.02 for each advertiser's email 
that you read from hits4pay.com. 
earn earn $0.01 for earch e-mail your 
referral reads. get paid monthly 
when your account balance reaches 
$25.

inboxdollars.com (avoid)
get paid to read e-mail, complete 
offers, refer others, and take 
surveys. this site deleted our 
account after 6 months because we 
didn't log in. we send them 
referrals almost daily and they 
deleted our site! what a joke. 
customer service said there is 
nothing to be done. avoid 
companies that treat customers 
like this.

mypoints.com (avoid)
free membership entitles one to 
discounts and promotional offers to 
merchandise, travel, and 
entertainment. we have not been 
paid by this site in about a decade. 
earning with this site is slow and a 
waste of time.

sendearnings.com (avoid)
this site isn't as good, but it's from 
the same people that brought you 
inboxdollars.com. this is a good 
company.

cashaday.com (closed)
emailsforcash.com (closed)
earningforce.com (closed)
easyadbucks.com (closed)
coinharvest.com (closed)
matrixmails.com (closed)

note: i cannot believe how many 
companies that i posted closed in 
less than a year. i will look better 
ones in 2016.

*new* cash for clicks:

adpaid.com (avoid)
they will spam the heck out of you 
so be warned. the positive side to 
this is you do get paid to click on 
their e-mails. i say avoid because 
they deleted my account for 
unknown reasons.

linkgrand.com (avoid)
$0.003 per link clicked. money ads 
up, site shows promise. 
linkgrand.com has been updated to 
avoid status in 2016 because we 
logged into our account and our 
referrals and earnings disappeared. 
getpaid4surf contacted customer 
service so answer is still pending 
on the reason for this. we've 
referred a lot of customers to this 
site and have not been paid in 
years.

*new* cash for referrals:

ad.ly (avoid)
get paid to tweet. 

alertpay.com (avoid)
see my february 2008 check. this 
is a good company.

bing rewards
this is a microsoft product. they 
pay and is a top program.

cashcrate.com (avoid)
the best thing i like about this 
program you get $3.00 bonus for 
every member you refer. one of the 
best paid to surf companies right 
now.

paidpertweet.com (avoid)
get paid to tweet.

sponsoredtweets.com 
get paid to tweet. companies want 
to get their message out with your 
twitter account. 100% free. site 
stopped generating income when 
they were co-branded as 
izea/sponsored tweets. we've 
moved them from editor's choice to 
just average.

swagbucks.com
search and receive swag bucks for 
exclusive prizes in the swag store. 
this is my all time favorite program. 
yup, they still pay in 2016. the best 
get paid for for surf site in our 
opinion.

dailydollarz.com (closed)
ganstergreed.com (scam)
mavishare.com (closed)
mediadollarz.com (closed)
moola.com (closed)
swatcash.com (closed)
thedollarpit.com (closed)
winzy.com (closed)

*new* cash for surveys:

opinionsquare.com (avoid)
online market research community 
enabling members to earn cash and 
prizes for participating in surveys.

surveyclub.com (avoid)
survey club pays you in cash and 
prizes by filling out short online 
surveys. companies need your 
opinions to improve their products 
and services, and in return you get 
paid for surveys in your spare time.

surveyspaid (avoid)
get cash for taking surveys. pays 
more than most survey sites.

surveysavvy.com (avoid)
pays between $2-$20 per survey. 
see actual check from 
surveysavvy.com. it's been a couple 
years no surveys and no payment.
surveyteam.com (closed)

*new* cash for writing:

fiverr
you get paid to write and do other 
jobs. it's your choice. $5.00 per 
completed contract. 

*new* randomizers:

note: july 2005 update on 
randomizer web sites. it seems 
randomizer web sites such as: 
paypalrandomizer although 
extremely popular among the get 
paid to surf the web surfers are 
going offline. for what reasons is 
anyone's guess. i've already taken 
down the two most successful 
programs. these programs are 
now completely closed down, 
probably due to the legal issues.

*new* travel deals:

travelzoo.com
travelzoo.com top 20 newsletter. 
free to join, shows best travel 
deals. it's what i use to find travel 
deals.

skyscanner.com
one of the best travel sites around. 
to find the best deals just search all 
locations and entire year.

*new* cash for 
webmasters:

xy7.com
become an affiliate marketer and 
put banners up on your web site. 
when someone clicks through your 
banner and make a purchase you 
get paid. i use xy7.com they pay 
more than your average affiliate 
network.

- all rights reserved - 

surf's up! don't let the wave pass 
you by. sign up for all the paid to 
surf, paid to read, and paid to 
sign up programs on 
getpaid4surf.com!

sign up for the 
getpaid4surf.com make 
money online 
newsletter below:

please like us on facebook!

get paid for surf

get paid to read

visit the official 
getpaid4surf.com 
facebook page

privacy statement

home

note: we use cookies to 
ensure that we give you the 
best experience on our 
website. if you continue to 
use this site we will assume 
that you are happy with it.

get paid for surf reviews - getpaid4surf.com




