
























































	
        
        city of st johns























skip to content





homeaccessibility and inclusioncontact ustourismengage st. john's





































search

























city of st johns















living in st. john'sweather hubanimal services and careapplications and formsemergency preparednessenforcement and ticketingfire and emergency servicesgarbage and recyclinghousingneedle disposalneighbourhoodsnewcomerspest controlproperty assessmentproperty taxessustainabilitystudentssnow clearingtrees and yard carewater and sewer servicesview more...recreation and cultureaccessibility and inclusionarchivesarts and culturecyclingevents and festivalsfacilities & parksthe looppools & splash padsrecreation programsrecreation calendarsvisit st. john’svolunteerreal programwinter activity centrestreets and parkingactive transportationcyclingmetrobusparkingroad safetystreet namingstreet and sidewalk maintenanceweb camerasnow clearingbuilding and developmentbuilding, renovation and repaircapital construction projectsforms, applications and checklistsheritage buildingspermits issuedplanning and developmentzoningbusiness and investmentaccommodation taxbusiness licensesbusiness taxcontractor informationdoing business with the citydevelopment teameconomic datastart or grow your businesscity hallaccess to information and the protection of privacyapplications and formsarchivesbudgetby-laws, policies and regulationscareerscity awardscommitteescontact uscouncil meetingsdeclaration in support of the rights of indigenous peopledepartmentsdoing business with the cityelectionsfraudgrantslegal mattersmapsmayor and councilname and identitynews and informationour performanceplans, reports and studiesproclamations and protocol requestspublic engagementstrategic plan





























read morewinter parking banslearn about our various parking bans that are in place throughout winter. bans may be in place during certain times, in specific areas, or as needed to help clear snow safely and efficiently.read morechillfest: february 13-18chillfest is an annual community-wide celebration of winter, with a variety of free activities for all ages and abilities. for 2025, chillfest will take place from february 13 to 18!read moreproperly place waste place waste carts, bins and bags at the curb on your scheduled collection day only between 6-8 a.m. and not the evening before. never place on sidewalks. improper placement can result in waste not being collected.read moreweather hubthis page provides important information to residents, business owners and visitors to help them be informed and prepared during adverse weather events. 









latest news
view all
 



check water and sewer advisories and related road closures
 
 




loading news feed...









community events

loading calendar feed...

view all
public engagement 

loading calendar feed...
loading calendar feed...

view all







popular services


visit st. john'sparkingrecreationproperty taxesfacilitiesgarbage and recyclingreport a problempermits and applications






connect with us


















stay in touch
sign up to receive information from the city of st. john's directly to your inbox. check out the various categories of general news, and emergency notifications.
subscribe today










 living in st. john'srecreation and culturestreets and parkingbuilding and developmentbusiness and investmentcity hall 



























address: city hall, 10 new gower street, st. john's, nl a1c 5m2
phone: 709-754-2489, send an email





© 2022 city of st. john's
access to information and protection of privacycareerssitemapterms and conditions of usewebsite feedbackcontact us



by ghd digital







































browser compatibility notification



it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.








