










kent washington estate & probate lawyer | tax law attorney seattle














 

















 




schedule a consultation today 425-235-5535




 



 

home
aboutjennifer a. gellner, ll.m.

estate
probate
tax
testimonials
contact us






 
 

 





helping you plan your future and solve your problems
hire an experienced attorney to help you clarify your goals and craft a legal solution that fits your family's needs.




 
 
 












meet attorney jennifer gellner
attorney at law
for over 20 years, jennifer gellner has provided legal counsel to clients in seattle, spokane, and across the state of washington. she helps people protect family assets and move through the tough times of grief following the significant loss of a family member. in addition to her compassion, jennifer has a reputation for being knowledgeable and tenacious when clients must deal with the irs. to say she instills confidence is an understatement. she fiercely protects people's interests, like a bulldog.





 
 





protecting what matters most to you 

at gellner law, we are passionate about helping people like you protect themselves and their families and plan for their future success and legacies. recognizing that your family is your most valuable asset, we will provide you with the legal support you need to realistically plan for the future — and we will do so while maintaining the highest standards of integrity, compassion and ethics. our kent office serves clients in seattle, tacoma, and throughout washington state.


estate planning



wills


tax controversy


probate



 
 
 
 






schedule a consultation today 425-235-5535
to speak with an attorney at gellner law about estate planning, probate, trusts, wills or tax controversy, contact our law office in kent, washington, today. you can call 425-235-5535 or send us an email. we provide representation across the entire seattle-tacoma metropolitan area.



 
 













we're here to meet all your estate-related needs
effective estate planning is an investment in your future and that of your family. planning ahead minimizes future legal fees and nurtures the relationships you value and wish to protect. we will listen to your goals and concerns and explain legal tools available to securely and economically protect your family.
when probate is necessary, we work with the personal representative or heirs to ensure that the decedent's wishes are legally followed. often, less expensive, non-probate alternatives can be used in washington to transfer ownership of a decedent's estate to the lawful heirs, and we use those whenever they are applicable.












effective resolution of your tax controversy
as tax controversy attorneys, we represent clients before the internal revenue service on a regular basis. this includes providing representation during all phases of a tax audit, including drafting protests, negotiating with the appeals office, and litigating before the united states tax court.






 
 







contact us

name *



e-mail *



telephone *



briefly describe your legal needs *











what code is in the image? *

enter the characters shown in the image.






 
 













client testimonials






she saved me tens of thousands of dollars.
i have used jennifer gellner as a tax attorney over the course of a dozen years.  she did an amazing job of sorting out a horrendous tax problem for me back in 2009.  she saved me tens of thousands of dollars.  her fees are astonishingly fair for the incredible ability she has to deal with the irs.  in my most recent tax issue, she was able to counsel me very quickly and effectively.  again her fees --even over the course of many years--were still affordable for me even though i am on a fixed income.  i highly recommend her staff as well.  they were very respectful and got me the best time for my appointment.  in conclusion, i highly recommend jennifer gellner, esq. 
— donna debonis, dvm


a bull dog of an attorney
"jennifer helped me through very difficult times in my irs, state, and business financial matters. she is a determined, sweet, bull dog of an attorney..."
— michael g.


much better set for the future
"a couple of friends recommended jennifer based on their positive experiences. we found her to be very competent and caring. jenny listens, analyzes and presents alternative solutions for consideration."


professional legal help
"there are not enough words in the english language that can adequately express our thanks to jennifer for helping us. knowing you were our advocate helped us sleep..."
— mr. & mrs. s.


lawyer with a heart
"jenny is a lawyer with a heart! she will fight hard for you and keep you on task and focused during your difficult and emotional time so that you can achieve a favorable outcome. she will handle all obstacles thrown at her with a very tenacious yet..."
— mr. & mrs. s.


puts your best interest first
"jenny knew exactly how to navigate the judicial system and helped guide me in a way that avoided an expensive and lengthy process. she is a compassionate individual who at the same time maintains a stern position on the rights of her client..."





















 
 














kent office
8407 s. 259th street  suite 203 kent, wa 98030 
                        phone: 425-235-5535 fax: 206-770-6512
map & directions










 
 





©  2024 by gellner law. all rights reserved. disclaimer | site map









 
 







home
aboutjennifer a. gellner, ll.m.

estate
probate
tax
testimonials
contact us




 
 



