






tonka toys trucks | tonka truck museum | we buy tonka trucks | tonka truck identification | tonka toys 









 


 



do you have tonka toys to sell?     i am looking for excellent 
tonka trucks and 
sets of tonkas.
 paying top dollar for 
private label tonka toys in excellent condition!  
please contact me:
 
micah@tonkatoys.com or 
call me at   xxphone_numberxx. .















      
			
                              
			 
	
      








 





 








use 
		the buttons below to jump to your favorites

			welcome to my website celebrating the 
			history of vintage tonka toy trucks from their early beginnings in 
			1947 up to 1970 or so, these 
			fantastic toys are an important part of american toy culture and represent an important part of our childhood from those earlier years. these tonka 
			toys were built to last and trucks like the one shown below are over 
			50 years old and in incredible condition! they really were built to 
			last lifetime!


 






































1960 b-220 state turn-pike dept boxed set by tonka toys
  here is one tough tonka set! this terrific 1960 set includes the hi-way pickup, hi-way dump truck, mobile dragline and number 100 bulldozer. the set also includes 3 signs, the stop, slow and road closed signs. this is an all original truck set in terrific conditon that 
		    has been cleaned and polished.
  i am 
		      always looking for vintage tonka toy trucks in terrific condition like 
		      the ones shown in this website, individual toys, boxed sets or entire 
        collections.











		 


here is an iconic "round fendered"  vintage tonka toy pickup 
		truck from 1957, while this dark blue is one of my favorite colors, it 
		is hard to find in terrific shape like this. the blue metallic paint on 
		these truck has a tendency to "craze" or spider web the paint. the 
		bronze metallic paint had the same trouble form the same timeframe. you 
		can tell this truck is a 1957 by the yellowed push in headlights and the 
		round fender, that makes it a 1956 or 1957 only. and the 1957 vintage 
		tonka toys pickup truck has a hood scoop while the 1956 vintage tonka 
		toys pickup truck does not.






















 
		





      
			
     
                         
			 
	
   
   



 


 





 



 


 





			other terrific toy reference sites on the web





ibuyoldtrains


metal toy 
museum



   

lionel 
train sets



  

cast iron 
toys




arcade cast iron




 neat old toys  


american flyer trains


 tonkagasturbine 

tru-scale




tinytonkatoys
 

			
 

			
 

			


tonkamites



 


 
this website is owned by micah james copyright 2008-2017
		  . all 
rights reserved. the design and images other than the tonka toys logo are the 
property of micah james.
 if you would like to use any of the photos of graphics on 
my site, please email me.   
 privacy policy
 


