

















arthur wilson music | arthur wilson music



















      skip to main content
    



















arthur wilson music




toggle navigation
















main navigation






home


about 


writing songs


making records


playing in bands




songs


albums


videos


follow


gigs


contact























































 arthur at the royal oak   arthur at the royal oak  






 arthur with lovely guitar!   arthur with lovely guitar!  


























arthur wilson music



























thanks for visiting my music pages. i am a writing, recording, and gigging musician from scotland. i really enjoy writing and recording, but i enjoy it even more when people listen and give me feedback.as well as working as a solo artist i am also part of the scattered notes and together we've make some records that i'm quite happy about and i don't mind sharing them with you.listen to our new ep barcelona blues







































follow













we are available to listen to on most social media and streaming platforms.







 scattered notes on spotify
 scattered notes on apple music
 scattered notes on reverbnation
 the scattered notes on facebook
 the scattered notes on instagram
 the scattered notes on youtube




















new 4 track ep



























































albums




















barcelona blues











    your browser does not support iframes, but you can visit 















and birds will sing again











    your browser does not support iframes, but you can visit 




















videos
















































































































gigs









 any currently scheduled gigs may be subject to change due to covid restrictions.













arthur at the thorntree





confirmed








thursday, january 2, 2025 - 16:00






join me for the first gig of 2025 at the thorntree where you can request a song from my web app or choose from my songbook. come along and bring your friends and on the day, you can pick from over 300 songs.












brand new ep launch





to be confirmed








friday, august 1, 2025 - 00:00






we've almost completed a new ep of four new songs and are planning a launch event.












edinburgh festival fringe 2025





to be confirmed








sunday, august 24, 2025 - 14:30






join us at the acoustic music centre for a set at the edinburgh international festival fringe.

















join mailing list














share this page
























































footer menu






contact


scattered notes at reverbnation










follow us
































powered by drupal
















