





























welcome to baylor scott & white health
























































doctors & specialists






                           doctors & specialists
                            








	primary care doctors
	


family medicine
care for all ages within your family.




obgyn
specialized care for women’s health, including pregnancy. 




pediatrics
care for children, from infants to teens. 




all primary care doctors
providers of regular wellness care and treatment for common conditions or injuries.









	specialists
	


cardiology
comprehensive and advanced heart and vascular care.




gastroenterology
care for digestive conditions.




orthopedics
care for bone and joint health.




neurology
care for brain and spine disorders.

























view all

doctors
















locations






                           locations
                            











clinics
locations that provide specialized care and consultations such as doctor’s offices.




emergency rooms
locations that provide immediate care for trauma and other moderate to major medical needs. 




fitness and wellness
locations that provide fitness and wellness health options.




hospitals
locations that have multiple departments for in-patient, full-service, specialty and 24/7 emergency care.




imaging centers
locations that provide x-rays, mris or ct imaging.












pharmacies
locations that fulfill prescriptions and other drug and medical device needs. 




rehabilitation
locations that provide recovery from medical procedures or illnesses. 




surgery centers
location that provide specialized surgical care. 




urgent care
locations that provide care for non-life-threatening conditions requiring immediate treatment. 

























view all

locations
















services & treatments






                           services & treatments
                            








	services
	


get same day care
choose the right care for your minor needs.




cancer care
explore care options to fight cancer on your terms.




heart and vascular care
learn about care options for heart and vascular conditions.




orthopedic care
get care options for joint and bone conditions.




neuroscience
find advanced care for your brain and spine.




symptom checker
chat about your symptoms to find the right care.




all services
browse all services that baylor scott & white provides.









	treatments and screenings
	


cancer screenings
discover early detection options for cancer.




colonscopy
learn about the procedure and your screening options. 




mammogram
explore imaging options and  your screening options.




imaging and radiology
discover the imaging and radiology services that baylor scott & white provides.




surgery
learn about different types of surgical options that baylor scott & white provides.




all treatments and screenings
browse all treatments and screenings that baylor scott & white provides.











resources






                           resources
                            








	education
	


conditions
browse the conditions that baylor scott & white provides care for.




scrubbing in blog
explore articles about popular health and wellness topics.




classes and events
find classes and events near you.




webinars
view upcoming webinar topics and register to join.









	patient information
	


advance directives
prepare for your future by documenting your wishes.




pre-registration
complete any required forms and submit documents for your upcoming procedure.




medical records
request your medical records.









	medical professionals
	


careers
join our team of healthcare professionals. learn about career opportunities and open positions.




graduate medical education (gme)
learn more about our residency and fellowship programs.











financial services






                           financial services
                            








	billing
	


pay bill
pay your bill securely online, make payment arrangements or review your bills.




financial assistance
learn about options to help you with medical bill payments.




estimate cost of care
view your estimated care costs.




surprise billing protection
learn about the options for handling surprise medical bills.









	insurance
	


accepted insurance
find out which insurance plans are accepted.




baylor scott & white health plan
learn about health plans available through baylor scott & white.












 log in



need help? chat with us 








 































































































                            we operate our provider referral service to assist patients in selecting providers who are
                            members of baylor scott & white quality alliance. there are no charges to the providers or
                            you for this service. search results reflect all providers meeting the criteria you designate
                            for your search. your final selection of a provider should be based on your needs and
                            preferences. if a provider leaves baylor scott & white quality alliance, we will no longer
                            include the provider in our referral service. by using the provider referral service, you
                            certify that you have received these disclosures.
                        


















































































































healthcare shouldn’t feel like a wild ride
download our app and get care that puts you in the driver’s seat. like, fast.
                









































































































healthcare without the hassle
if you’re not feeling great, use our symptom checker to get answers and get back to your best friend.









































































































healthcare without the headache
getting the care you need shouldn’t make your brain hurt. sign up for mybswhealth and get peace of mind.

















 











get same-day care
compare options









              urgent care
          
find in-person care for non-life-threatening medical needs.










              24/7 evisit
          
fill out an online questionnaire and receive a diagnosis or guidance within an hour.
            










              24/7 video visit
          
see and speak to an on-call provider using a camera enabled device, anytime.










              symptom checker
          
not sure where to go with the symptoms you have? chat with our symptom checker.



 
















care that takes you where you want to go
you’ve got the power to be better than yesterday. so get the care you want, the way you want it.
 













 primary care


schedule online with one of our providers, dedicated to keeping you and your loved ones healthy.


find a provider






 













 in-home vaccine program


easy and convenient scheduling of vaccine care at home—the only program of its kind in texas—through mybswhealth. 


schedule appointment






 













 preventive care


explore a variety of everyday health services, including vaccines, lab tests, prescriptions, screenings, and more.


schedule a service






 



 














let’s tailor your healthcare to you.
use mybswhealth to get a personalized care experience.

create a mybswhealth account



















quick tasks









            find primary care provider
          
find a doctor to help you on your health journey. 










            find a specialist
          
find someone that specializes in the specific care you need.










            pay a bill
          
need to make a payment? we have options.










            contact us
          
call, chat, or send us a message. we are here to help you.



 
















find it.
fight it.






find it.
fight it.











let’s shine a light on early cancer detection

                        the earlier you find it, the more power you have to fight it. and screenings are the best way to detect cancer early, even before you have visible symptoms. check out the cleats we made for dak prescott that show how getting screened helps you see the unseen.
                    
get screened


 







 







 




























your screenings aren’t just for you.
they’re for the whole crew. we make it easy to stay on top of your health so you can stay on track with your girls. schedule today in our app. 

 
 













 











6 daily habits for a healthy brain and clear mind
the choices you make each day—what you eat, how much you move and how you manage stress—can have a profound impact on your brain’s health and longevity.
so, what can you do to keep your brain sharp? explore simple yet powerful habits that can help boost your focus, enhance your memory and support long-term brain health.


tips for brain health 


 




















 
 






mobile makes it easy
just like we make it easy to get care when your child is sick or injured, our top-rated app, mybswhealth, can simplify keeping them healthy. the app lets you book appointments, message your pediatrician, view your child’s medical records and schedule virtual same-day care from your computer, smartphone or tablet. 






text better to 88408








 






















 





 










unleash your power
your potential to learn and grow  is limitless. attend an event online or near you.
find a class or event

looking for ways to stay healthy?

sign up for our weekly wellness newsletter.






















thank you! your email has been submitted successfully.



 


































 





 







 





 even the best can get better
                baylor scott & white is ranked among the best hospitals in the nation once again. from cardiology to gastroenterology, there’s nothing we love better than caring for you. get to know the team that’s consistently ranked among the best in texas. make an appointment today.            









baylor university medical center dallas








fort worth








baylor scott & white heart hospital plano








baylor scott & white heart hospital plano








baylor university medical center dallas








baylor university medical center dallas








baylor university medical center dallas








fort worth








fort worth









institute for rehabilitation dallas








irving








temple













 






















our offerings 

classes and events

virtual care

doctor directory

location directory

specialties directory

treatments and procedures

mybswhealth mobile app




tools and resources 

symptom checker

pay your bill

medical records

price transparency

insurance accepted

financial assistance

advance directives

surgery pre-registration

scrubbing in blog




about us 

mission vision and values

achievements

community impact

quality alliance

newsroom

contact us




get involved 

volunteer

donate

give blood




for medical professionals 

refer a patient

careers

graduate medical education

undergraduate education

allied health education

nursing education

research areas

clinical trials






download the mybswhealth app
























español




©2025 baylor scott white health. all rights reserved.

terms of use
notice of non-discrimination
privacy and patient rights
301 n. washington ave., dallas, tx 75246

















  

