






transportation programs - sbcag






  














































 


























about us

what we do
where we work
departments & staff

administration & finance
planning
programming
project delivery
multimodal programs


boards & committees

board of directors
board committees
advisory committee
member agencies & partners


work with us

careers
procurement
policies & budget




planning & programming

long range planning
transportation planning
demographics and regional housing needs allocation (rhna)
airport land use commission
state funding
federal funding
document directory


projects & services

current projects
future projects
transportation programs

commuter resources
transit providers
employer program
visitor resources
accessible transportation




measure a

santa barbara highway 101
north county projects
south coast projects
measure a citizens oversight committee


news & media

news
newsletters
photo gallery


get involved

meetings & agendas
contact us
title vi











transportation programs







 home projects transportation programs 








santa barbara county association of governments provides a range of transportation services and programs that make the travel and commute experience in santa barbara county safer, more reliable, and sustainable. select from the options below to learn more.













employer program sbcag offers free tools, incentives, and services that help employers administer a turnkey program that frees up parking and increases employee retention.


                                         
																						employer smartride																						












commuting with smartride sbcag offers individualized assistance to help santa barbara county’s commuters bike, walk, carpool, vanpool, telecommute, and take public transit.


                                         
																						commute options																						












clean air express a weekday commuter bus program serving residents of lompoc, santa maria, buellton, solvang, and adjacent unincorporated areas commuting to their jobs in goleta and santa barbara.


                                         
																						clean air express																						












motorist aid sbcag serves as the service authority for freeway emergencies (safe) for santa barbara county and is responsible for 50 emergency call boxes and a freeway service patrol that provides free roadside assistance that keeps cars moving.


                                         
																						safe programs																						












visitor resources sbcag partners with los angeles-san diego-san luis obispo rail corridor agency (lossan) to offer a 20% amtrak pacific surfliner discount. this program connects visitors with useful car free resources.


                                         
																						visitor resources																						












accessible transportation sbcag helps fund and maintain partnerships with organizations in the community that offer transportation services to aging adults and persons with disabilities.


                                         
																						accessible transportation																						




















aaron bonfilio
whitney rush
erik noriega
peter williamson

multimodal programs dept. contact 


  (805) 961-8920

abonfilio@sbcag.org 

multimodal programs















sign up for the latest news




name


first



last

email(required)

captchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  


















 search  






 
agendas





facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin
youtube



contact us
site policies



  2023 santa barbara county association of governments (sbcag)
























































this site is registered on wpml.org as a development site.






























