











home elevator company | residential home elevators & lifts







 
 
 
 
 













find your local office
1-888-323-8755
info@nwlifts.com





click here to request a quote.











nationwide lifts





home

why choose us?

america's leader
america's best warranty
customer service
our vision
affordable financing


products

freedom home elevators

freedom green elevator
freedom hydro elevator
freedom elite elevator
freedom commercial lula


apex wheelchair lifts

apex green wheelchair lift
apex hydro platform lift
apex complete wheelchair lift
apex elite wheelchair lift
apex delta-platform lift
apex omega ipl


jeeves dumbwaiters

jeeves econo lift dumbwaiter
jeeves pro dumbwaiter


visilifttm glass elevators


visilifttm octagonal 
visilifttm round  


pneumatic vacuum elevators

vision 350 pneumatic elevator
vision 450 pneumatic elevator
vision 550 vacuum elevator


stiltz shaft-less elevator

stiltz duo
stiltz trio


indy stair lifts

indy pinnacle stair lift
indy lux stair lift
indy curve stair lift
indy outdoor stair lift
indy xl stair lift
indy platform lift


domuslift - italian design
planning guides


testimonials

contact

contact us
local offices
free catalog
free book
request a quote


free catalog



menu
close
back
 
























24 hour phone support
the foundation behind nationwide lifts success is the belief in the principles of honesty, quality, and quick response, which ultimately leads to customer satisfaction.
read more







10 year warranty
we want our customers to feel confident not only in our products but in our service and support as well.
read more







local dealers
to better support you and  your family, nationwide lifts has established a network of offices across the united states.
read more







highest quality
as america's leader in home elevators, we understand your connection to your home and we realize the important role our products have in your lives.
read more






america’s choice for dumbwaiters, stair lifts, and lift elevators for the home
nationwide lifts was founded with 35 years of experience in home and commercial elevators alike and has grown to become one of the top elevator companies in the usa. we have an extensive network of offices nationwide and have sold and installed countless residential elevators in our company’s history. our elevator designs are stylish while making it easier to move around your home.








are you looking to learn more?
request your free catalog or book today! all you have to do is let us know where to send it!


request your free catalog


request your free book








home elevators




freedom green

freedom green home elevators. the freedom green is built for the environmentally-conscious home owner. this residential elevator uses far less power than other elevators and has recycled material incorporated in the cab construction.



freedom hydro

freedom hydro residential elevators. the freedom hydro is a hydraulic system designed to provide a smooth, quiet ride. this residential elevator is available in 750 lbs. and 1000 lbs. capacities and an assortment of cab finishes designed to match your home.



freedom elite

freedom elite residential elevators. the freedom elite has the largest capacity of any home elevator on the market. in addition, the elevator's design features luxurious solid sliding doors.



jeeves econo-lift

jeeves home dumbwaiters. jeeves has the only fully ul-rated dumbwaiters on the market, and this gives users peace of mind. similarly, jeeves rst dumb waiter is a stainless steel dumb waiter built for the demanding restaurant environment. this design comes with removable shelves and is large enough to roll a cart into.



jeeves pro

jeeves pro dumbwaiters. these commercial dumbwaiters are available in powder-coated steel or stainless steel. the largest size is 36x36x48 and has a 500 lb capacity.





talk to an expert
if you are in need of a low-cost home elevator, dumbwaiter, or stair lift, contact nationwide lifts today and experience our unparalleled customer service 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. as one of the leading lift elevator companies, we have the expertise you can trust when it comes to home elevators, small commercial elevators, wheelchair lifts, dumbwaiters, and stair lifts. our experts can help answer your most pressing questions about elevator installation. this level of knowledge and skill far surpasses that of other lift elevator companies.
contact


sample of our products








freedom series
our freedom elevators can be customized with additional features, such as additional height inside the cab, or can be made out of a selection of woods to match the décor of your home.
view the product line.











planning guides
view the product line.











vision series
vision elevators use a vacuum concept instead of using pulleys, hoists, ropes, chains, or counterweights, and no machine room is required.
view the product line.











indy series
stair lifts come in straight and curved designs.
view the product line.











apex series
all apex models can function indoors or outside and, with additions...
view the product line.











jeeves series
shhh! discrete mobility is a must for today's prestigious homes...
view the product line.
















choose nationwide lifts, one of the top lift elevator companies
at nationwide lifts, we enjoy what we do. our knowledgeable staff is here to assist you, whether you’re in the market for a lift elevator for the home or you’re looking to install your own dumbwaiter. we’re confident that we have the right product for your application, no matter whether you’re looking for a curved stair lift or if your needs require further mobility with one of our wheelchair lifts or home residential elevators. we’re also one of the best dumbwaiter manufacturers on the market!
our unwavering commitment to quality and customer service has earned nationwide lifts a reputation as one of the top elevator companies in the usa. home elevators and lifts are our passion! explore our vast selection of lift or elevator options and you’ll surely find one that’s right for you.
why choose nationwide lifts?
we truly enjoy what we do. our knowledgeable staff is here to assist you, whether you're in the market for a residential elevator or if you're looking to install your own dumbwaiter. we're confident that we have the right product for your application, no matter if you're looking for a curved stairlift or if your needs require further mobility with one of our wheelchair lifts or home elevators.
our unwavering commitment to quality and customer service has earned nationwide lifts the reputation as america's leader in residential elevators. home elevators and lifts are our passion. below is a small sample of our vast selection.
how big is a residential elevator?
there are many options, and we can work with the space you have. an average size for a residential elevator is 36 inches wide by 48 inches deep. one of our elevator experts can help you learn more and answer the most common elevator questions.
what is the average cost of a residential elevator?
elevator prices vary widely depending on the dimensions and the type of elevator. a stair lift is usually the least expensive option, and a pneumatic elevator will cost much more. you can expect to spend between $30,000 and $50,000 on average.






frequently asked questions
how much does it cost to put an elevator in a 2 story house?
the shaftless elevator requires a minimal amount of carpentry work and the elevator itself starts at $29,000.
how much does an elevator cost for a 4 story building?
please contact us at (888) 323-8755 to speak with an elevator specialist.
what is the smallest residential elevator?
the smallest residential elevator is the artisan elevator which is a square 28 inches by 28 inches self standing, pitless glass elevator.
how much does it cost to put a small elevator in your house?
prices vary greatly depending on elevator types, but a simple home elevator will start at a cost about $29,000.
how much does it cost to install a dumbwaiter?
installing a dumbwaiter elevator in a home costs between $15,000-$20,000 and does not include the doors. for commercial application, the price ranges from $35,000-$60,000 and includes the doors.
how much does it cost to put an elevator in your house?
the typical carpentry preparation cost for an elevator is $5,000-$20,000. the cost of the elevator itself ranges from $29,000-$100,000+.
what is a shaftless elevator?
a shaftless elevator is an elevator moving between two levels without a shaft. it is limited to 2 levels and moves between a hole in the floor between levels.
what does it cost to put an elevator in a house?
the cost ranges from $29,000-$100,000+ for a 2 story house depending on the type of elevator you choose.
how much does it cost to put a lift in a house?
a stair lift will cost about $3,500 to put in a house. a wheelchair lift costs approximately $20,000 - $30,000 while an elevator can cost in the mid $30,000s.
how much does a vacuum elevator cost?
a 2 level vacuum elevator will cost on average about $38,000.
will medicare pay for a home elevator?
medicare does not assist with the price of an elevator. however, we do offer payment plans through a financing company that we work with.
how much does a pneumatic vacuum elevator cost?
pneumatic vacuum elevator costs can vary. 2 level elevators run approximately $38,000 while 3 level elevators are around $56,000.
what is the average cost of a stair lift?
the cost of a stair lift is approximately $3,500 which includes installation.
how much does a commercial dumbwaiter cost?
the starting cost for a commercial dumbwaiter is typically around $29,000 which also includes the doors.
how much does it cost to put in an elevator?
an average starting cost is $29,000 to $35,000 for a residential elevator.
how expensive are residential elevators?
the price varies dramatically based on the finishes, number of levels and if it is self-standing or in a hoistway. typical starting price is $29,000 but can be as much as $100,000 and higher.



important links & resources






apex delta wheelchair lift
platform wheelchair lift
apex elevators
freedom commercial lula
freedom elite luxury elevators
freedom green home elevator
elevators for wheelchairs
indy curve stair lifts
electric stair lift indy lux
indy outdoor stair lift
indy platform lifts
indoor outdoor stair lifts
indy xl outdoor stair lift
commercial dumbwaiter elevators
small commercial elevators
stiltz duo shaft-less elevator
stiltz trio shaft-less elevator
jeeves dumbwaiter food svc lift
home elevator lift systems
residential glass elevator plan
best home elevator companies
home elevators prices & installation
home hydraulic elevator system
home hydraulic elevators
residential laundry dumbwaiter
home lift elevators
dumbwaiter in restaurants
jeeves dumbwaiter lifts
curved or straight stair lift design
traditional vs. contemporary elevators
what happens to elevator during a fire?
home & commercial wheelchair elevator systems
electric or hydraulic home wheelchair lift
jeeves econo lift









florida
massachusetts
north carolina
new hampshire
new jersey
new york
texas
utah
california
colorado
florida
georgia
illinois
kansas
maryland
michigan
north carolina
south carolina
austin texas
dallas texas
fort worth texas
frisco texas
houston texas
sugarland texas
texas
washington
residential elevator for sale
residential elevator manufacturer
pneumatic & hydraulic home elevators
residential elevator system
small residential home elevators
small commercial & residential elevators









nationwide lifts local offices
free home elevator price quote
nationwide lifts warranty
comprehensive elevator articles
free stair lift book
advantages of a dumbwaiter
traveling cable elevator manufacturers
elevator price guide
cost of installing new elevator in home
weight capacity for home elevator
diy home dumbwaiter installation
home elevator inspection
cost of dumbwaiter elevator
dumbwaiters info
home mobility needs
choosing home elevator company
shaft & cab elevator system design
residential elevator dimensions & specs
use elevators for home
mechanics of an elevator: simple machines
installing hydraulic elevator
elevator installation checklist
how does pneumatic elevator work?
hydraulic elevator vs. vacuum elevator
home elevator fits wheelchair
traditional home elevator installation duration
commercial elevator maintenance
home elevator safety systems
home modifications for accessibility
dumbwaiter elevator kits
home & commercial elevator lifts
elevator maintenance company
pneumatic glass residential elevators
residential handicap elevator
home handicapped elevator














delta inclined platform lift
lemoyne college in syracuse, ny / this inclined platform lift is ideal for making public buildings easily accessible. 
contact us







3-stop freedom elite
santa cruz, ca / this project boasts stainless steel cab walls and stainless steel sliding doors.
contact us







jeeves econo-lift
sacramento, ca / the jeeves econo-lift is ideal for food, groceries, and laundry.
contact us







indy lux stair lift4
milwaukee, wi / this stair lift features 400 lb capacity and the finest upholstery.
contact us







vision 550 pneumatic elevator
miami, fl / this vacuum elevator is sized to accommodate a wheelchair.
contact us







apex 750
los angeles, ca / this is an easy way to add accessibility to a home or business.
contact us







freedom green
dallas, tx / this economical elevator has unlimited options for customization.
contact us







visi-58
minneapolis, mn / this clear cylindrical elevator compliments the finest homes.
contact us







freedom green
sacramento, ca / the freedom green is the most economical home elevator offered by nationwide lifts.
contact us








recent projects








about us

as america's leader in home elevators, we understand your connection to your home and we realize the important role our products have in your lives. that's why nationwide lifts is the only residential elevator company to offer its customers a large selection of products, the industry's best warranty, 24/7 phone support and a network of offices across the united states.
get a quote


our products


freedom home elevators
apex wheelchair lifts
jeeves dumbwaiters
vision elevators
indy stair lifts


why choose us?


america's leader
america's best warranty
excellent customer service
nationwide coverage
affordable financing





testimonials






"it's the first elevator we have ever had installed and it went very smooth. it came together excellent! coordination and delivery went very well. the inspection passed with flying colors."





glenn roehl
bullhead city, az






"nationwide lifts is excellent. they solved all our problems in an efficient and effective manner. love the company!"





michael sims
san francisco, ca






"i cannot express in words the peace of mind this gave me and the enormous gratitude we have! our experience with your company's customer service was outstanding. we are very happy with the product we purchased, and cannot thank you enough!"





victoria orgel
san francisco, ca







contact info



east coast headquarters:10-b holden ave
queensbury, ny 12804

(518) 798-0871
west coast headquarters: 6060 enterprise drive
diamond springs, ca 95619

(530) 626-8043
e-mail: info@nwlifts.com



find us on:
facebook

twitter
pinterest
youtube


















© 1995 
                   	   nationwide lifts, inc. | all rights reserved
website design fl by wallfrog





sitemap
articles
blog
states served
1-888-323-8755











nationwide lifts
proud to be america's leader in home elevators.
details





stiltz elevators
learn more about our shaft-less elevators
details





freedom series
learn more about the freedom series.
learn more





apex series
learn more about the apex series.
learn more





jeeves series 
learn more about the jeeves series.
learn more





vision series
learn more about the vision series.
learn more





indy series 
learn more about the indy series.
learn more



















