radio scanner guide - mainpage




    

  
radio 
      scanner guide
http://radio-scanner-guide.com

   








home

contents

part 
            2:technicaltidbits

part 3: 
            monitoring

part 3a: 
            land-mobile (police, fire, business)

part 3b: 
            marine

part 3c: 
            civil aircraft

part 
            3d: military aircraft

part 3e: 
            racing

part 4: 
            scanners by service

part 5: 
            radio scanner features

part 
            6: radio scanners listed by category

part 
            7: accessories

part 
            8: using your scanner

part 9: 
            more information

terms of 
            service

linking 
          policy

welcome to radio scanner guide!

the bct-8 is a popular 
        radio scanner designed for mobile use.  vendors such 
        as amazon and scannermaster sell 
        scanners.    



this website, radio scanner guide, will help you select a scanner 
      radio so you can join the exciting hobby of radio scanning! it organizes 
      the many new and used models on the market into six categories based 
      on their features. you will first read about the various radio services ?
      police, fire, military aircraft, and more ?that you can hear on a 
      scanner. then, radio scanner guide will tell you which of the six 
      scanner categories have the features you need to hear your desired 
      services. next, you may view all radio scanner models in those categories 
      or you may view all scanner models under each major brand.
keep reading below for more information on scanning! if you are an 
      experienced hobbyist or know what features you need, you may skip this 
      introduction. you may go to the table of contents, use the 
      box to the right to see scanner model information, or keep reading 
      this page. 




scanner model reference    description 
            of scanner categories
scanners by category

budget 
              scanners
conventional 
              scanners w/o 800 mhz 
conventional 
              scanners w/ 800 mhz 
analog 
              trunking scanners 
digital 
              trunking scanners 
continuous 
              coverage scanners
scanners by brand    radio 
            shack:     handheld   
            base/mobile    
            uniden bearcat: handheld   
            base/mobileradio scanners have also been called police scanners, police-fire 
      scanners, race scanners, nascar scanners, racing scanners, aircraft radio 
      scanners, channel scanners, frequency scanners, and scanner radios among 
      other names. these names reflect a few of the common topics people like to 
      follow on their scanners. also, scanners are sometimes referred to by 
      their brand names: radio shack scanners, and uniden bearcat scanners. 
      scanner models for both of these major brands and for several smaller 
      brands are listed on this website.  often one manufacturer will 
      market almost identical scanners under two brands.
what you can hear

fire departments 
        are popular listening targets.  (photo by us small business 
        administration)



hear police, sheriffs, constables, state troopers, and other law 
      enforcement investigate armed suspects, deal with hostile crowds, or bust 
      routine criminals. hear fire departments and paramedics revive accident 
      victims. sit back and relax with your radio scanner as you listen to 
      commercial jetliners, private planes, and helicopters fly above you. hear 
      military aircraft fly on covert training missions or civil defense 
      authorities do a monthly drill! find out the inside scoop on your favorite 
      race car drivers in the final laps. other interesting services and 
      businesses you will hear on your radio scanner include electric, gas and 
      water utilities, marine activity, buses, trains, taxis, tow-trucks, buses, 
      road construction crews, private security, shopping malls, amusement park 
      staff, factories, other businesses, the national weather service, cb 
      radio, amateur radio operators, and virtually any other user of a 2-way 
      radio system. 
why listen to scanners?
an officer 
        with the us park police uses her radio.  (photo by us 
        park police.)



feel the heart pounding suspense and enjoy the real-life excitement of 
      hearing emergencies as they happen! enjoy the wide variety of action - 
      from police dealing with a deadly suspect to a commercial jetliner in 
      trouble! feel the intellectual stimulation as you become the detective, 
      searching with your radio scanner for secret radio transmissions, and 
      satisfying your curiosity for what is occurring in your community. be 
      among the first to know what is happening in a major emergency when normal 
      communications won't work.  become a "frequency sleuth", solving the 
      mystery of who you hear on new frequencies! 
legality
the vast majority of radio transmissions you can hear on a radio 
      scanner are fully legal to hear, including all listening topics covered on 
      this website. communications which are not legal to hear include cellular 
      telephones and any scrambled or encrypted communications. in addition, 
      there are laws against disclosing or using intercepted communications to 
      commit a crime (such as eluding law enforcement) or for financial gain 
      (such a business listening to a competitor's dispatcher to pick up 
      their customers.) some state and local laws also impose additional 
      restrictions on scanner use, particularly use of radios that can hear 
      police in vehicles.  however, even in states with such laws, you may 
      legally listen to police, fire and other public-safety communications 
      while at home.  
this information regarding scanner laws is designed to be a brief 
      summary of us scanner laws; it is not intended to serve as legal advice or 
      to replace the counsel of a qualified attorney.  most prosecutions 
      have either involved attempts to obstruct law enforcement or the 
      disclosure of cellular phone calls.  the vast majority of scanner 
      listeners do not run into problems with the law.   
      listeners in the united states may legally monitor all listening 
      topics covered on this web site.
scanner listeners who hear about nearby emergencies including 
      house fires or car accidents should not venture to the emergency 
      site.  listeners should not accidentally block access to 
      the site or distract officials who may be acting under severe time 
      and space constraints.  
equipment
the vast majority of interesting communications can be heard with 
      inexpensive radio scanners which can often be purchased new for $80 to 
      $200 or used through services like ebay for $20 to $100.  typically, 
      mail-order businesses offer the best prices for new scanners.   
      
about this site
this site is organized into 9 parts, each of which guide you through 
      the process of selecting your radio. you may read each page in order by 
      following the arrows at the bottom of each page. or you may use the links 
      found on the left side of the screen or in the text of each page to skip 
      around.
part 
      6 contains tables for each of the 6 scanner categories listing all 
      scanner models classified into each category. it provides 
      specifications on each model and links to vendors selling that model, if 
      it is a current model. 
keep reading for assistance in selecting the right scanner for your 
      interests!





  

table of contents







© 
      copyright 2005, 2006, 2010 matthew hurst; all rights reserved, except 
      certain photos.   terms of 
      service    linking 
    policy








