




college hockey news and updates




collegehockey.org is for sale.


college hockey news and updates


ncaa tournament update
the ncaa men's ice hockey championship is just around the corner, with the quarterfinals set to take place on march 26th. the tournament features eight teams that have earned automatic bids by winning their respective conferences or regionals. this year's field includes perennial powerhouses like minnesota state and cornell, as well as newcomers like st. lawrence and arizona state. we'll be keeping a close eye on the action as it unfolds and providing updates throughout the tournament.
the quarterfinals will take place at campus sites across the country, with the winners advancing to the frozen four in boston's td garden on april 8th and 10th. the championship game is scheduled for april 12th. we'll have all the latest scores, highlights, and analysis right here on collegehockey.org.
stay tuned for our ncaa tournament preview, which will include a breakdown of each team's strengths and weaknesses, as well as expert predictions for the winners of each matchup.




recap: ecac hockey quarterfinals
the quarterfinals of the ecac hockey tournament wrapped up over the weekend, with some surprising results. top-seeded cornell was upset by fourth-seeded brown in a thrilling 3-2 overtime victory. meanwhile, second-seeded quinnipiac dominated third-seeded clarkson 4-1 to advance to the semifinals.
harvard and dartmouth also moved on, with harvard taking down rensselaer polytechnic institute (rpi) 5-2 and dartmouth edging out st. lawrence 3-2 in a shootout. we'll have full recaps of each game, including analysis and quotes from the coaches and players.
the semifinals are set to take place on march 19th and 20th, with the winners advancing to the championship game on march 21st. we'll be providing live updates and scores throughout the tournament.




player of the week: [name] leads team to victory
this week's player of the week is [name], who led his team to a crucial 4-1 victory over their arch-rivals. the [position] had a monster game, scoring two goals and adding an assist in the win.
[name]'s performance was all the more impressive given the circumstances. his team was without its star goalie due to injury, but he stepped up big time, making several key saves throughout the contest.
we caught up with [name] after the game to get his thoughts on the win and what it means for his team's playoff chances.




© 2024 | powered by computer.com





