








international education specialists philippines - home - international education specialists








































































homeaboutservicesapply nowgallerycontact
















international education specialists philippines – home












 


 previous


 next















 







 







 







 











welcome to the official website of international education specialists!inter-ed remains as the oldest and premiere student placement center in the philippines . founded in 1980, we have offered career internships, career counseling, and scholarships to study abroad to more than 10,000 students. and with our student-centered placement programs, we have helped high school students and learners make the best, informed choice for their future paths.even today, inter-ed remains faithful to its vision of helping students achieve their dreams to experience international education and achieve their fullest potential. 






learn more
















 













 





 










interested? let's talk!

 











your name (required)
		


your email (required)
		


your mobile number (required)
		


subject
		




your message
		





gdpr agreement
	
i consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry


please answer the question below to prove that you are human.
12+48=? 


















home
about
services
apply now
gallery
contact


 


we help students achieve their dreams of attaining education overseas.
 


address: 2f trafalgar plaza, hv dela costa st., salcedo village, makati city, philippines

mobile: +639189041282
 





				copyright 2022. international education specialists. all rights reserved.			









close menu



home
about
services
apply now
gallery
contact




































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok


