





thomas o. miller & company, inc.












































 
thomas o. miller & co., inc.

 
 
 




home


home



services


products 

product lines
brands
helpful links




careers

foodservice sales consultant
equipment repair & installation service technician
foodservice cleaning solutions sales specialist
full-time class b drivers



cash & carry


contact


















 








  


  







offering excellence in  


foodservice distribution 


  












coffee and beverages






drygoods
 





dairy & deli
 





frozen foods






meat & produce
 





paper & disposables
 





equipment & supplies
 






warewash & chemical
 













about us














































our company was founded in 1959 when thomas o. miller and his son bruce started a coffee delivery service. through the years they recruited dedicated employees and expanded their product line. thanks to support from loyal customers and employees, thomas o. miller & company has grown from its small beginnings into a full-line foodservice distributor. we are a broadline distributor with a full line of quality products for the foodservice industry, and we have complete coffee, beverage and warewash programs.
 thomas o. miller & company continues to be a family owned and operated company with the same dedication to the needs of the foodservice industry in the mid-hudson region of new york state, and the bordering tri-state area. our customers include restaurants & caterers, as well as convenience stores, camps, healthcare institutions and schools. we are members of  unipro foodservice, ifda and specialty coffee association.
read  our full story












our services




coffee & beverage


thomas o. miller knows you have a business to run and we know how hard that is to do. we will provide you with unparalleled service so you can concentrate on running your business. choose from our two branded coffee programs: j.b. marshall or country coffee. 
learn more













warewash

sparkling clean tableware is a high priority to foodservice operations. our warewash program will insure your dishes and silverware are always clean and sanitized! our warewash specialist will meet with you to design a program to fit your location
learn more
 

 








our brands

exclusively ours



our tom brand coffee is our original brand. it's available in different flavor profiles and in both whole bean and ground. still a popular choice with our customers.


pre-portioned and custom cut beef, veal, lamb & pork. facility cleaning & sanitation programs. laundry & warewash, equipment & smallwares, trash liners & fooservice bags. 


fresh produce, pickles, grated and shredded parmesan & romano cheese, premium soup bases and gravy mixes, spices, spice blends, flavorings and extracts.


serious premium coffee -  our premium branded coffee program. contemporary look with branded cups, airpots, store displays, posters and more! 


our other premium branded coffee program with a "country" look. branded cups, airpots and flavor tags, displays & more!




>

   




featured brands

hidden





 




 




 

































































































































































helpful links 






 

soup  lists


 

hereford  beef


 

get the right sized liner














contact us





 address
20 riverview drive  marlboro, ny 12542 
get directions


our phone
845-236-3090


send us an email



our fax
845-236-3096

















 © 2020 thomas o. miller & company, inc. all rights reserved.























































