


















pensacola police department | city of pensacola, florida official website









 















skip to main content




















natural gas customer


	important notice: if you have been a natural gas customer after aug. 5, 2011, you may be entitled to a refund of portions of your payments.
	click here for more information about your rights








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    about us      divisions      programs      records, reports & permits      press releases      contact us  


 

 

 

 

 



 























































  
 
 

























 
 
 














police chief eric randall
 






  
 
 





eric randall was hired as chief of the pensacola police department on june 14, 2021 after a nationwide search, public participation and thorough review by a selection committee and pensacola mayor grover robinson iv.prior to being hired in pensacola, chief randall was the assistant chief of police at newport news, va, police department.chief randall was born and grew up in pensacola and graduated from washington high school in 1991. he then enlisted in the u.s. navy and served for eight years before being honorably discharged. he began his career with newport news police department in 1998 as an auxiliary officer. in february 2000 he became a full-time officer and worked as a patrol officer, bike officer, field training officer, narcotics detective, and explosive breacher on the department’s tactical operations unit.in 2006, he was promoted to sergeant and served as a supervisor in patrol and the organized crime division. as a sergeant in organized crime division, he led investigations related to the illegal distribution of narcotics and supervised the fbi’s peninsula safe streets task force. in 2010, he was promoted to lieutenant and served as acting precinct commander, acting criminal investigations commander and tactical operations unit commander (swat).on november 16, 2014 he was promoted to captain and served as the south precinct commander, and on august 14, 2017 he was promoted to assistant chief of police where he served as the investigations bureau commander.chief randall earned a master of science and bachelor of arts in criminal justice from saint leo university. he is a graduate of the 63rd session of the police executive research forum – senior management institute for police. among the awards and recognitions he has received during his law enforcement career are two life saving awards, homeless outreach collaborative team outstanding community service award, william f. corvello leadership award, united states attorney public service award, federal bureau of investigation top gang investigation, noble criminal justice achievement award, and the united states attorney award for excellence in management.police chief randall can be reached at 850.435.1855 or email police chief randall.



 
 



  
 






contact us





					eric randall
					
				
police chief
email chief randall 
phone: 850-435-1855
more information




  
 
 



  
 













red light cameras
 






  
 
 







frequently asked questions








why are red light cameras being installed?


how will i know where the cameras are?


what intersections will be enforced?


what are the criteria for receiving a ticket?


how much is the fine?


can i view my violation?


what hours do the cameras operate? 


if i receive a red-light violation ticket, how do i pay for it? 


if i get a ticket, will my insurance go up? 


what happens to the ticket revenue?


will the length of yellow lights be lengthened or shortened?


don’t red-light cameras make intersections more dangerous?


where can i read the law on automated enforcement?




view all faqs




/faq.aspx




 
 
 









 














pay your bill








pensacola 311








jobs










 
 














permitting








parks & rec








events










 
 














sunshine center








live video








park pensacola










 
 
 



 



 














records & reports
 






  
 









    





 
 
 



 














stay engaged
 






  
 
 





ppd on twittertweets by pensacolapolice 


 
 





want to work with pensacola's finest?


 
 





ppd on facebookpensacola police department


 
 






join us on social media:



   





 
 
 



 














biased policing
 






  
 




maintenance of public trust and confidence in the police are critical to effective policing and are achieved largely through fair and equitable treatment of the public. this is a basic requirement of law enforcement and the right of all persons in our society.the pensacola police department prohibits biased policing as a law enforcement tactic and will not tolerate or condone its use by any member.biased policing is defined as the inappropriate consideration of specified characteristics while enforcing the law or providing police services. specified characteristics include, but are not limited to, race, ethnic background, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, socioeconomic status, age, disability, political status, or any other legally protected characteristics. biased policing is considered antonymous with “un-biased policing,” “fair and impartial policing” and “bias-free policing.”however, criminal profiling is a legitimate law enforcement tool. it is an investigative method by which an officer, through observation of activities and environment, identifies suspicious behavior by individuals and develops a legal basis, consistent with the fourth amendment, to detain and question.any person may file a complaint with the department if they believe they have been stopped or searched based on biased policing. no person shall be discouraged, intimidated, or coerced from filing such a complaint.



 
 
 



 















 





 





 





 





 






  
 
 



 















 






  
 









        





 
 
 







contact us







711 n. hayne streetpensacola fl 32501call 911 for emergenciesoffice: 850-435-1900staff directory
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







home



online police reports



incident map



employment opportunities



city of pensacola home page









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







stay connected







calendar of events



newsroom



sign up for notifications



sign up for the city newsletter



join us on social media



employee online services









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







site map



flooding & hurricane preparedness



ada accessibility information



employee portal



title vi and nondiscrimination information



webmaster info



my dashboard









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 


















 






  
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









