











biewer lumber- the only choice for quality building products

 

























































































 




































toggle navigation





            biewer lumber            
the only choice for quality building products



home
family of companies

sawmills

biewer sawmill winona, inc – newest sawmill


forestry
treating
distribution
biewer logistics, llc
trading
about


careers
lumber

sustainability
select cut® | the choice of pros
fencing

select cut® colorpro pickets


fire-retardant wood
standard grade lumber
industrial grade lumber
commercial products
permanent wood foundations


our brands

select cut® | the choice of pros
select cut® colorpro pickets
biewer frtw
pier advantage


resources
find a dealer
contact us

biewer facilities & locations
customer service




















the only choice for quality building products














who we are












sawmills
we have four fully-automated sawmills, producing both spf and syp, that are vertically integrated and equipped with industry-leading advanced technology.










family
we are a proud fourth-generation, family-owned company. we are committed to operating the safest and most effective facilities for our dedicated employees.










treating & distribution
our treatment facilities include three state-of-the-art treatment plants that process and treat both residential and commercial products.










trading
the biewer trading wholesale division was initiated to strengthen biewer’s relationships with both customers and suppliers by bridging the gap between the two entities, and continuing the pursuit for superior customer satisfaction.










logistics
biewer logistics, llc was founded in 2004 as a 3rd-party logistics provider, offering custom transportation solutions and expert shipping management for companies large and small.










forestry
we support private tree farmers and landowners in the long-term management of woodlands to encourage the continuous and prosperous growth of healthy forests.









our brands





find out more about the biewer lumber (biewer) family of companies!


learn more 










our mission: since the beginning of john a. biewer co., inc., one simple principle has served biewer well: deliver the best products and services to our customers. this is a commitment that has kept our business growing, and a philosophy we intend to keep.



recent posts


biewer sawmill winona featured as cover story for timber processing magazine


biewer announces reorganization of sawmill sales department


factory stained pickets & panels


biewer sawmill – winona, inc. has officially broke ground!


biewer lumber – announces plans for a second sawmill in the south


contact info812 south riverside ave, st. clair, mi 48079 800.482.5717 contact us 
 






copyright 2021 biewer lumber, llc. 				



















 







































