










north carolina forklift dealers & virginia forklift dealers | act material handling







































shop
equipment


new equipment



electric forklifts
ic engine forklifts
container handlers
order pickers
reach trucks
narrow aisle forklifts
multidirectional forklifts

new in stock equipment
forklift attachments
pallet jacks
aerial work platforms
batteries and chargers
tow tractors
electric utility vehicles
industrial cleaning equipment
forklift stackers



ep forklifts



hangcha forklifts



used equipment

used forklifts
used forklift attachments
used pallet jacks
used aerial work platforms
used batteries and chargers
used tow tractors
used electric utility vehicles
used industrial cleaning equipment










rentals

forklift rental
equipment rental


industrial products


warehouse racking solutions
facility improvement
production improvement
automation solutions
impact protection
online catalog
lift truck catalog


services




equipment repair and service
safety training
parts sales
dock and door
forklift management





about us

experience based solutions
locations

winston-salem, nc
charlotte, nc
wilmington, nc
roanoke, va
asheville, nc
raleigh, nc
myrtle beach, sc
rock hill, sc


history
articles
videos
faq
contact
careers













tap to call us800-849-5438


















experience  based  solutions.
contact us




















your material handling solutions provider
trust act material handling for advice, service, and parts. your success is our success.












new & used equipment


we offer new and used toyota material handling equipment, cascade attachments, columbia vehicles, jlg, and aichi work platforms as well as batteries and chargers for electric equipment.







rentals


need a forklift for a short time? rental is often a good option for a short time need. contact us for an affordable convenient option to ownership.







warehouse solutions


we offer equipment for loading docks, industrial doors and warehouse racking and accessories. we offer solutions for any need you have in your warehouse.









operator training


we provide training for forklifts and mobile elevating work platforms at your facility or ours. make sure your operators are equipped to safely operate your equipment and reduce your liability for accidents.







fleet management


the larger your fleet, the greater the need is for transparency in your costs to operate it. let us help with this daunting task by tracking and reporting on health of your equipment. by paying close attention to every detail, we can help you make decisions that will impact your bottom line.







service and repair


we have over 60 highly trained technicians ready to help. our short response time, expert technicians and ability to provide parts for and service all makes and models of lifts, make us a trustworthy source for all of your material handling needs.











brands act material handling offers:





when you choose toyota, you get much more than just equipment alone. you get a full-line solutions provider, a reliable partner driven to help you solve even your most difficult material handling challenges. toyota’s story is one of innovation, perseverance, and an unwavering commitment to excellence. as your needs evolve, we evolve too, offering an industry-leading line of solutions for every material handling challenge, built with the quality you expect and deserve from toyota. you work hard and deserve a business partner offering the highest value at every step of the relationship. that’s the toyota difference. that’s our toyota promise.








as a leading provider of material handling equipment, ep equipment is dedicated to optimizing the efficiency of ecommerce transactions across diverse applications and environments. our extensive fleet of stackers, pallet jacks, and access vehicles ensures that ep equipment vehicles are operational wherever and whenever you need them. in the fast-paced world of global ecommerce, ep equipment excels in offering tailored solutions for every scenario. whether it's picking small items or maneuvering through narrow aisles, our range of solutions is designed to enhance efficiency while prioritizing employee safety. choose ep equipment for elite material handling equipment and experience heightened productivity and operational excellence in your ecommerce operations.








hangcha products have earned a solid reputation for their exceptional quality, durability, and reliability. the hangcha brand takes pride in delivering the highest standards of performance to our valued customers. hangcha boasts a complete product range of material handling equipment. from internal combustion engine forklift trucks ranging from 1.0 to 48.0 tons and electric counterbalance forklift trucks from 1.0 to 16.0 tons, to a full lineup of warehouse equipment including electric pallet trucks, reach trucks, side loaders from 3.0 to 6.0 tons, empty container handlers, reach stackers, tow tractors, agvs, and much more.					








act material handling certified forklift experts







improving productivity and efficiency
with over 50 years of industry experience, act material handling has seen it all. our team of forklift experts can help you identify the material handling equipment or toyota forklift that best suits your space and needs. we bring years of experience and expertise to the table when picking methods to best increase your productivity and efficiency, providing cost effective solutions.


timely service support
equipment downtime equals lost revenue. act material handling limits that with our inventory of effective and efficient material handling equipment as well as our service capabilities and response times. with the help of an act expert, you will reduce downtime and improve your bottom line.


great work environment
the act team is among the top industry talent. together, we create a work environment that rewards effort and hard work. our employees are given all the tools necessary to be successful along with the comradery and encouragement of the close-knit team to support them throughout.


highly skilled technicians and mechanics
our forklift technicians and forklift mechanics are well trained and experienced to work on all equipment effectively. our full-time trainers and lead techs are available at any time to respond to any issue as a team. our technicians and mechanics are equipped with cutting edge equipment to get the job done.










experience based solutions
contact us















different... from the ground up
toyota builds material handling equipment differently from other manufacturers. lean manufacturing produces quality equipment with very little waste. toyota's material handling equipment has proven time and again the savings that can be realized by using equipment that is designed with the user and owner in mind.

























we can help.
our customers need a dependable material handling partner to provide everything from the initial sale to service and parts, our experience allows us to provide you with superior service all around. trust a material handling professional from act material handling to give you the information you need to save you time and money.

















we partnered with [act] to help us lower our total cost of ownership in the forklift space.  through plant surveys, todd and his team have been trusted advisors and helped us right-size our overall fleet - always keeping the customers' best interest in mind.
...






ward m, segment purchasing manager, major paint and coatings manufacturer







aaron in service did a great job for alandale knitting. techs were excellent as well !! 






billy c, alandale knitting







our salesperson was great. he listened to our problems and found a great solution for us.






zack, piedmont casting





















about act material handling


for over 50 years, act material handling has earned a reputation as a leading dealer in toyota forklifts and material handling equipment. our mission is to provide the best service possible to our customers by leveraging our many years of experience in the material handling industry.
with an abundant and growing product offering, act material handling can provide everything from traditional and specialized electric narrow aisle equipment to internal combustion forklifts and more.
the forklift experts at act material handling take pride in offering experience based solutions. whether it’s toyota forklift sales, toyota forklift rentals, forklift service or forklift repairs that you’re looking for, act material handling has the knowledge, experience and material handling equipment for your operation.






links


contact us
employment
service
parts
training
history
transparency in coverage
privacy policy






locations


winston-salem nc  355 business park drive  winston-salem nc 27107856.611.0366
wilmington nc  3001 boundary street  wilmington nc 28405  856.611.0366
roanoke va  1301 rockland ave. nw suite 100 roanoke va 24012  800.849.5438







act construction equipment  10925 metromont parkway  charlotte nc 28266  800.462.2447
act construction equipment  103 westside drive  asheville nc 28806  800.462.2447
act construction equipment  31 sadisco road  clayton nc 27520  800.462.2447
act construction equipment  143 e cox ferry road  conway sc 29526  800.462.2447
act construction equipment  1835 tucker street rock hill sc 29730  336.265.6730
subscribe here to receive our emails

















© 2024 act material handling. all rights reserved.

























