















sioux center, ia - official website | official website









 















skip to main content






















 












search







 
 
 


    your government      municipal utilities      our community      how do i?  


 

 

 

 





 















 






  
 
 






 














pay a bill








centre mall








highway 75








let us know








building permits








maps of sioux center








all seasons center








community development








gas/leak/outage










 
 
 



 









news & updates










sioux center receives natural gas from dairies 


area dairies are serving as a source of locally-produced natural gas for sioux center.						read on...







seeking nominations for community awards 


nominate a local difference-maker for community service awards!						read on...







sioux center sees major growth in housing, businesses 


the past 12 months saw milestone residential and commercial growth.						read on...







iowa tourism grant to launch new visit sioux center website 


the city of sioux center has been awarded a $9,300 iowa tourism grant to launch a tourism-focused visit sioux center website.						read on...







natural gas advisory 


extreme winter weather across the us may impact natural gas prices.						read on...







city sells land for new multi-family housing 


multi-family housing planned along the newly-added 11th ave. ne.						read on...







highway 75 open after 2024 construction 


traffic is returning to highway 75 through sioux center for the winter after a full construction season.						read on...







city considers electric rate change to address rising costs 


the rising cost of generating and providing electricity will impact local electric rates. sioux center municipal utilities is considering a small increase in electric rates starting at the end of this year.						read on...







faa award honors sioux county airport 


the sioux county regional airport was honored with an faa award.						read on...







city to collaborate with dot on north stretch of highway 75 


read on...







local electric generation bids considered 


sioux center municipal utilities is working toward adding some local electric generation.						read on...







summer arts and rec programs are a hit 


sioux center arts and recreation programs involved more than 1,000 people this summer.						read on...







new housing addition anticipated in sioux center 


the city council approved the sale of land to facilitate added housing options.						read on...







community picks name for new pond 


with the help of the community, sioux center’s new pond has a name: bridgeview pond.						read on...







two officers sworn in with sioux center police 


the sioux center police department is welcoming two new officers.						read on...







new soccer & softball fields to serve all ages 


sioux center is adding soccer and softball fields to serve youth and adults.						read on...







council looks toward additional housing 


the city council indicated support for options that could add to local housing.						read on...







sioux center linemen help restore power in greenfield after tornado 


three linemen from sioux center municipal utilities helped restore power in greenfield, iowa, after the town was hit by a devastating tornado.						read on...







water rate change planned as sioux center grows 


a slight increase in the water rate will help replace aging infrastructure and serve continued community growth.						read on...







sioux center to be naia softball tournament site may 13-16 


naia softball teams from across the nation will be playing opening round national tournament games in sioux center.						read on...







city recognized with pro patria award 


the city has been recognized for supporting national guard employees.						read on...







help name sioux center's new pond 


read on...







lewis & clark water makes difference in sioux center 


in the first year, sioux center received more than 177 million gallons of water from the lewis & clark regional water system.						read on...







sioux center anticipates business growth in 2024 


the sioux center city council gave green lights to new growth, including a new retail meat shop, a local veterinary business expanding, a golf-themed entertainment venue, and a site for a goodwill store.						read on...







trucks prohibited in residential area near highway 75 work 


commercial trucks, with the exception of deliveries, are prohibited from driving through residential streets in the area east of current highway 75 construction.						read on...







sioux center pursuing standby generation option 


sioux center municipal utilities is taking the next steps toward installing local standby electric generation.						read on...







van meeteren named sports field manager of the year 


sioux center parks director lee van meeteren was named iowa’s sports field manager of the year.						read on...







highway 75 construction outlook for 2024 


highway 75 detour to begin in march, local traffic access continues to sioux center.						read on...







new commercial area opening in sioux center 


read on...







council looks to decrease city tax rate 


the city of sioux center is looking to decrease the city tax rate for 2024-25 by about 2%.						read on...







sioux center utilities partner with businesses for rebates 


sioux center municipal utilities worked with local businesses to connect residential and business customers with $40,000 in rebates.						read on...







community survey insights help guide future planning 


insight from the recent community survey will help shape current projects and long-term planning.						read on...







heiberger to begin in new community development role 


sioux center’s new community development director is bringing fresh perspective and excitement to promote community growth.						read on...







council weighs option to add local standby generation 


sioux center municipal utilities is considering whether to invest in local standby electric generation.						read on...







sioux center municipal utilities scholarship awarded 


alexandra bandstra has been awarded a $1,000 scholarship from sioux center municipal utilities and scmu’s energy partner missouri river energy services.						read on...







crews to prepare phase 1 of highway 75 for winter travel 


with paving the east lanes of the first phase of highway 75 construction set for spring, crews will be working to improve safety for winter.						read on...







sioux center's new pond progressing 


the new pond designed to improve sioux center’s environmental impact is taking shape.						read on...







bid approved for 2nd phase of highway 75 reconstruction 


the sioux center city council approved the low bid for the remaining 1.8 miles of the highway 75 rebuild.						read on...







bids favorable on phase 2 of highway 75 construction 


bids are in for the remaining nearly 1.8 miles of highway 75 reconstruction.						read on...







community-owned electric utility receives high marks 


read on...







new school resource officer begins serving 


kyle munneke will serve with the sioux center police department as the school resource officer in sioux center.						read on...







library receives state accreditation 


the sioux center public library has been recognized for its efforts in all areas of library operations.						read on...







understand your utility use by the hour 


sioux center municipal utilities is providing utility customers with hourly use data.						read on...







scmu delivers energy-saving rebate 


sioux center municipal utilities recently presented sioux center health $26,786.38 in rebates for choosing energy-saving technologies.						read on...







new pond will offer environmental, recreational benefits 


a new pond designed to improve sioux center’s environmental impact will also create a new outdoor recreation space.						read on...







gabhart shaped a flourishing mall 


dean gabhart, mall coordinator at centre mall for the last 31+ years, plans to retire june 30.						read on...







koedam appointed chief of police 


mayor david krahling has appointed veteran officer josh koedam as sioux center’s police chief						read on...







council supports new residential developments 


sioux center leaders are supporting a variety of housing opportunities in sioux center.						read on...







construction phasing for highway 75 in 2024-25 


rolling closures and a detour route will be part of the plan for highway 75 construction in 2024-25.						read on...







closure for resurfacing b-40 planned this summer 


a 5.5-mile overlay project to improve the road surface will impact traffic this summer on county road b-40 starting in sioux center.						read on...







water rate update considered as city grows 


an updated water rate will help replace aging infrastructure and serve continued community growth.						read on...







sioux center celebrates lewis & clark connection 


a ribbon cutting celebrated sioux center and hull’s connection to the lewis & clark regional water system.						read on...







softer water allows sioux center to turn down softeners 


read on...







emergency repairs on highway 75 to begin 


emergency project to repair winter damages to highway 75 is set to begin the week of april 17						read on...







lewis & clark water flows into sioux center 


sioux center has begun receiving high-quality water from the lewis & clark regional water system.						read on...







highway 75 reconstruction to begin in april 


the first phase of rebuilding highway 75 will begin in a few weeks.						read on...







agreement assists development of new hotel 


a new hotel that will add to economic activity in sioux center is receiving city support through a development agreement.						read on...







new detention pond will benefit community 


a detention pond will be built in eastern sioux center this year, benefitting a nearby waterway and adding to quality of life.						read on...







council looks at no increase in city tax rate 


the city of sioux center is looking at keeping the same city tax rate for the 2023-24 budget.						read on...







first highway 75 bids are favorable 


highway 75 construction begins this year, and bids for the first phase of work came in lower than anticipated.						read on...







grand opening set for asb sports complex 


the grand opening of the new american state bank sports complex will mark the launch of a major year-round iowa attraction.						read on...







pella foundation $25,000 grant to add trails 


new recreation trail connections in and around sioux center will be paved with help from a $25,000 grant from the pella foundation.						read on...







public invited to hearing for proposed levy 


the city council will conduct a public hearing on the proposed fiscal year city property tax levy on feb. 20.						read on...







city and chamber partner for $10,000 tourism grant 


the chamber of commerce and city have been awarded a $10,000 iowa tourism grant to create a video campaign inviting people to experience sioux center.						read on...







asb sports complex prepares for january opening 


activities, events, and open turf time in the american state bank sports comple are set to begin in january 2023.						read on...







all seasons center rates adjusted for 2023 


siouxnami waterpark and all seasons center rates are being updated to prepare for a year of recreation and events.						read on...







city prepares for highway 75 replacement 


the multi-year reconstruction of highway 75 in sioux center will begin in the spring.						read on...







first development planned for brookview addition 


a retail and services complex is planned for a new commercial area along highway 75 north.						read on...







proposed project could provide locally-produced natural gas 


a new natural gas line could connect sioux center to a source of locally-produced natural gas.						read on...







scmu advises customers of winter natural gas prices 


sioux center municipal utilities wants to inform customers of market impacts on natural gas prices this winter.						read on...







wastewater rate change will help improve collection system 


sioux center municipal utilities will be able to improve and maintain the wastewater collection system with the help of a wastewater rate increase over the next two years.						read on...







two sioux center linemen to assist with hurricane relief in florida 


two sioux center municipal utilities linemen are heading to florida to help restore power due to damage caused by hurricane ian.						read on...







ten pas named to state's city finance committee 


sioux center's city finance director has been appointed by governor kim reynolds to the city finance committee.						read on...







proposed wastewater rate change to improve collection system 


sioux center municipal utilities is considering a wastewater rate increase over the next two years to maintain and support the wastewater collection system that spans the town.						read on...







gonzalez begins as building code official 


sioux center's new building code official is joel gonzalez.						read on...







intersection work begins to improve safety and function 


construction at the 16th st. and 1st ave. sw intersection is beginning, preparing for safety and function improvements related to the highway 75 reconstruction.						read on...







first phase of highway 75 reconstruction ahead 


sioux center’s highway 75 reconstruction potentially may begin in summer 2023.						read on...







city land sales prepare for new commercial development 


new commercial and biotech construction is ahead for sioux center.						read on...







new development ahead for former hospital site 


a development group is purchasing city-owned property in central sioux center to create a new professional office area there.						read on...







water tower celebration marks lewis & clark progress 


the ribbon cutting for a 2.5-million-gallon lewis & clark regional water system water tower brings sioux center one step closer to receiving water.						read on...







matthews begins as sioux center arts director 


cailan matthews has started her role as sioux center’s new arts director.						read on...







intersection work to pave way for highway 75 reconstruction 


this fall, the intersection of 16th st. sw and 1st ave. sw will be under construction, preparing the area for a larger project.						read on...







school expansion anticipated to have economic impact 


the sioux center city council approved creating an economic development agreement with the sioux center christian school for the expansion of the school’s facilities.						read on...







rezoning prepares building for new home daycare 


a building near central park has been rezoned to prepare for a new home-based daycare.						read on...







food truck ordinance provides consistency, flexibility 


sioux center’s new ordinance will continue to welcome food trucks to the community and promote safety and fair competition.						read on...







new commercial area planned in sioux center 


a city-owned property in northern sioux center is being prepared for commercial and retail growth.						read on...







hulstein presented lewis & clark trailblazer award 


sioux center’s utility manager was awarded the lewis & clark regional water system’s highest honor.						read on...







utility scholarship awarded to wielenga 


marissa wielenga, of sioux center, has been awarded a $500 iowa association of municipal utilities scholarship.						read on...







sioux center declares water warning 


the city of sioux center has elevated the water conservation level to a water warning.						read on...







replacement well will bolster water system 


work is underway to build a new sioux center well to supply the community’s use, replacing a damaged well.						read on...







development agreement promotes growth, jobs 


a city agreement will promote a company’s significant investment in sioux center.						read on...







food truck ordinance offers streamlined process for vendors 


sioux center is considering an ordinance to continue to welcome food trucks to the community, promote safety, and continue fair competition.						read on...







sculpture dedication celebrates collaboration 


sioux center’s new sculpture honors the legacy of local leaders and their passion for progress through cooperation.						read on...







energy update shared with city council 


forward planning will help buffer sioux center municipal utilities customers as natural gas prices rise, but higher wholesale costs will still likely have a local impact.						read on...







no parking signs to add to safety near rec fields 


the city of sioux center is adding “no parking” signs near youth recreation fields to improve safety						read on...







dedication planned for sculpture honoring local leader 


the dedication of a sculpture honoring maurice and vera te paske and their vision and service is set for friday, june 3.						read on...







sioux center collaborating on grant application for regional trail 


sioux center is working to join forces to create a regional connector trail.						read on...







city approves sale of former airport to sioux county 


the former sioux center airport may be used as a future location for the fairgrounds and other activities.						read on...







highway 75 construction stages and streetscape considered 


plans for design and construction of highway 75 are centered on safety and function, as well as aesthetics that showcase sioux center.						read on...







speed limit change in southern sioux center 


a speed zone in southeast sioux center is decreasing to 45 miles per hour.						read on...







director hired for american state bank sports complex 


a director has been picked to provide leadership for programming at the new indoor turf facility.						read on...







city, chamber receive iowa tourism award for marketing 


the city and chamber received a 2022 iowa tourism award for collaboration in marketing.						read on...







council considers water conservation changes 


sioux center's city council is considering a change to city water shortage conservation rules that may help people maintain lawns.						read on...







dog park, trail connections planned for local park 


a planned dog park and trail connections will enhance a local park.						read on...







housing survey responses fuel future planning 


community responses to the recent housing survey will help shape action plans to help meet housing needs in sioux center.						read on...







local response to emerald ash borer 


tree owners have options to consider now that the emerald ash borer is confirmed in sioux center.						read on...







heritage village building move nearly complete 


most of the buildings moving to the new heritage village site have made the journey across town.						read on...







highway 75 reconstruction slated to begin next year 


sioux center has been preparing for the reconstruction of highway 75, and now work is scheduled to begin sometime next year.						read on...







american state bank sports complex moving forward 


a local contractor will lead the construction of the new indoor turf facility, anticipated to open to the public as soon as january 2023.						read on...







governor announces $12 million for lewis & clark water expansion 


iowa governor kim reynolds visited sioux center to announce $12 million in funding for the expansion of the lewis & clark regional water system.						read on...







council considering decrease in city tax rate 


the city of sioux center is looking at a lower city tax rate for the 2022-23 budget.						read on...







public invited to hearing for proposed levy 


the city council will conduct a public hearing on the proposed fiscal year city property tax levy on feb. 21, 2022, at 4 p.m., at the city office council room.						read on...







pella foundation awards $50,000 grant for indoor turf facility 


construction of the american state bank sports complex will be boosted by a $50,000 grant from the pella rolscreen foundation.						read on...







library sees high use, looks toward future growth 


the sioux center public library is the highest used library among those in similar sized communities in iowa.						read on...







sioux center retail sales leading northwest iowa 


sioux center retail sales showed strong growth in 2020-21, continuing to lead the county and area in annual retail sales.						read on...







council members brought vision in service as leaders 


council members w. dale den herder and jamie van ravenswaay will be passing the torch as they complete their council term.						read on...







favorable bid received for fabric of indoor turf dome 


the fabric dome covering the american state bank sports complex will be made by a company in the midwest.						read on...







wastewater plant recognized for design excellence 


sioux center’s wastewater treatment facility received two awards for excellence in planning, engineering and design.						read on...







$500,000 grant awarded for new indoor sports complex 


an iowa community attraction and tourism grant has been awarded for sioux center’s new indoor turf facility.						read on...







indoor turf sports complex moving forward 


the first part of sioux center's new indoor turf facility will be bid soon.						read on...







highway 75 planners discuss key intersections, pedestrian routes 


read on...







electric department head completes leadership course 


ezra weikert, of sioux center municipal utilities, recently earned aleadership certification.						read on...







sioux center elects council members 


sioux center residents voted in one returning and two new members to the city council.						read on...







development agreement with dordt reflects university's local impact 


the city is offering a $1.725 million development agreement as part of contributing $2.25 million toward significant projects at dordt university.						read on...







heritage village begins historic move 


heritage village's move across sioux center is starting to take shape.						read on...







sioux center water disinfection process to change in 2022 


sioux center municipal utilities will be changing the method of disinfection to chloramination in 2022.						read on...







award honors sioux center wastewater facility's design 


sioux center’s wastewater treatment facility is receiving high recognition for innovative design and construction.						read on...







city supports safe exchanges with planned family visit center 


the sioux center city council took action to support safe family interactions through the family crisis centers’ planned family visitation center.						read on...







sculpture to honor te paske's vision for sioux center 


a proposed sculpture will reflect the idea of “progress through cooperation,” a tribute to maurice te paske who pushed for big-picture thinking for sioux center.						read on...







final pipe section laid for sioux center water connection 


sioux center officials joined in celebrating the final section of pipe being laid to ultimately connect the community to the lewis & clark regional water system.						read on...







sioux center's population shows dynamic growth in 2020 census 


sioux center's population grew to 8,229 in the 2020 census.						read on...







city sells land to be used for new development 


the city is selling land for the development of a new residential area in southeast sioux center.						read on...







information meeting for highway 75 centers on property owners 


read on...







free sioux center app offers quick access to local life 


a quick connection to local info, events, updates, notifications, and more is in the palm of your hand with the new sioux center mobile app.						read on...







highway 75 redesign enters new phases 


sioux center’s highway 75 redesign has met some significant milestones as it moves toward 2023-24 construction.						read on...







indoor turf facility design features multi-use flexibility 


the design of sioux center’s planned indoor turf facility is focused on serving a variety of users in this new year-round space.						read on...







heritage village mapping out new location 


sioux center’s heritage board is master planning the new space for heritage village in western sioux center.						read on...







city council continues to support growth in housing options 


the sioux center city council continues to take action to promote housing that meets a variety of needs.						read on...







property purchases look toward parks, trail growth 


the city council approved purchasing three parcels of property in sioux center this week, looking toward future park and trail additions and community growth.						read on...







water rate study reviewed by city council 


the sioux center city council reviewed a water rate study exploring the local water utility’s costs and future needs as it serves the growing community.						read on...







city applies for grant for new segment of rec trail 


the city of sioux center is applying for a covid-19 relief grant to add 1 1/2 miles of recreation trails in the community.						read on...







highway 75 preliminary design concepts online to review 


residents have the option to review preliminary design concepts for highway 75 and share feedback online.						read on...







code update to guide sign use in sioux center 


an update for sioux center’s sign ordinance is being considered to help guide the usage and design of permanent and temporary signs in the community.						read on...







all invited to highway 75 public information open house 


the public will have a chance to review the highway 75 preliminary design and discuss it with the design team at a public information meeting tuesday, april 20, from 5-7 p.m.						read on...







sidewalk to be added to 7th street nw rail crossing 


the city has secured an agreement for a sidewalk crossing at the 7th street nw rail crossing.						read on...







council asks for medians, parking in downtown highway design 


community feedback continues to shape the redesign of highway 75.						read on...







next steps for highway 75 redesign discussed 


next steps for the project include deciding on streetscape, updating the downtown design, and hosting a public open house to review the preliminary plan.						read on...







council approves turf facility and new site for heritage village 


an indoor turf facility is planned for sioux center and changes are ahead for the community’s heritage village.						read on...







free app offers access to utility history and payments 


sioux center municipal utilities is offering a free new app that allows customers to access utility usage/history and pay bills in one place.						read on...







community feedback at center of council's heritage village discussion 


community feedback was at the center of a sioux center city council discussion on open space park master planning.						read on...







open house planned to discuss open space park concepts 


an open house to give residents an opportunity review and discuss proposed master planning concepts for open space park is set for monday, feb. 1, at the sioux center public library.						read on...







community feedback reviewed on highway 75 redesign 


community feedback on the streetscape concepts and overview of the redesign of highway 75 in sioux center is helping shape the look of the planned new roadway.						read on...







council deliberates on long-term best option for open space park 


city council members would like to engage public feedback on options for the future use of portions of open space park, specifically the location of heritage village and a proposed indoor turf facility.						read on...







community feedback sought on highway 75 streetscape concepts 


sioux center residents and business owners are invited to review proposed streetscape concepts for the highway 75 corridor and share feedback through a survey.						read on...







long-time rec director blazes trail for sioux center recreation 


dave ruter, who has led as the city’s recreation director for 45 years and overseen the launch of many programs and facilities, has announced plans to retire in early 2021.						read on...







council discusses key elements for highway 75 redesign 


preliminary design concepts for highway 75 improvements feature safety, functionality, and aesthetic elements to reflect sioux center’s character.						read on...







planning continues for highway 75 design, utilities, and streetscape 


progress continues, including utility, design, and streetscape planning, as sioux center moves toward the redesign and reconstruction of highway 75.						read on...







survey feedback shared on highway 75 planning 


feedback from 975 survey responses will help shape the streetscape vision for the highway 75 redesign in sioux center.						read on...







land use planning sets vision for three sites 


positioning sioux center for healthy growth is the focus of commercial site planning for three pieces of city-owned property.						read on...







council discusses speed limits for highway 75 redesign 


some speed limit decreases are being considered as part of the highway 75 redesign in sioux center.						read on...







highway 75 streetscape survey seeks public input 


read on...







master planning to help shape highway 75 design 


as engineers begin to sketch out highway 75 improvements, sioux center is going to take a careful look to ensure the design fits the community’s needs and identity.						read on...







local softball diamond takes top honors in nation 


the softball field at open space park in sioux center has been selected as top in its class in the u.s.						read on...







iowa all-star community award honors collaboration 


the city of sioux center, along with the city of orange city and sioux county, was honored for joint efforts to create the sioux county regional airport with a 2019 all-star community award from the iowa league of cities.						read on...







city to add flashing sign at pedestrian crossing 


the city of sioux center will be installing new button-activated rapid flashing pedestrian signs on 20th street se at the 3rd avenue intersection.						read on...







planning continues for highway 75 improvements 


sioux center is preparing for a major iowa department of transportation investment in improving highway 75.						read on...







dot considers highway 75 improvements 


improvements to establish highway 75 for safe and efficient travel for years to come are being considered by the iowa department of transportation.						read on...






council discusses highway 75 improvement 


the sioux center city council is discussing the need to enhance the community’s highway 75 corridor.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 


























 








calendar of events






february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












mon, feb 17



city council meeting

city council meetingread on



bilingual story time

bilingual story timeread on








tue, feb 18



story time

story timeread on



tech tuesdays

tech tuesdaysread on



sioux stitchers meeting

sioux stitchers meetingread on



cozy crafting for adults

cozy crafting for adultsread on







view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 
















enjoy sioux center
trails, parks, events, and great places to explore!






















  
 
 



 














providing excellent quality of life and municipal services through a spirit of progressive cooperation.
 






  
 



  
 







contact us







sioux center city offices335 1st avenue nwsioux center, ia 51250phone: 712-722-0761contact usm-th: 7:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m.f: 7:30 a.m.-4 p.m.
 






  
 



  
 







social media







facebook








instagram








twitter








youtube










 
 



  
 







popular links







sioux center chamber of commerce



sioux center community schools



sioux center christian school



sioux center health



sioux center public library



dordt university



highway 75









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

 














home







site feedback







site map







accessibility







copyright notices







government websites by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









