



university of the punjab


































×







pu fm test transmission

 

click here for more information. 





×








announcement about ma / m.sc examination

              university of the punjab has never announced the postponement of the examination in ramzan. the examinations are being held as per announced date sheet.

click here for more information.     






×








punjab university ranking








×







pu researcher finds 3.3m years old rare elephant tusk

              punjab university department of zoology's phd student ghayyour abbas has made a marvelous discovery of a rare 3.3 million-year-old elephant tusk fossil from the village tatrot in sohawa tehsil of district jhelum. the tusk fossil perhaps belongs to the extinct anancus genus of elephants, who roamed in the primitive forest habitat of jhelum some 3.5 million years ago and measures approximately 6 feet. siwalik mountain geological formation range in jhelum,chakwal and miawali districts is famous for rare elephant fossils as the geological range is regarded as the paradise of elephant fossils all over the world.       






×







pu archaeology department discovered 2000 years old unique evidences of buddhist narrative art in terracotta from punjab

              punjab university research team under the patronage of dr. muhammad hameed, chairman department of archeology, university of the punjab, discovered unique evidence of buddhist narrative art in terracotta from the old river bed of jhelum between sargodha and jhang in the field work carried out in 2023. the 2000-years old artefacts belong to buddhist civilization which also developed in punjab.     during the field work innumerable evidences of ancient settlements in form of cultural mounds were recorded. it was also confirmed that the followers of buddhism were inhabitants of this area and they established their religious buildings, stupas and monasteries. this great achievement / efforts of punjab university research team altered the religious and cultural history of the punjab which has taken a new dimension clearly indicate that the followers of buddhism established their center of worship in punjab and adopted a unique method for dissemination and preaching of their religio, which is being named as, "buddhist narrative art in terracotta from punjab".  






×







hepatitis and cancer treatment

 cemb-punjab university biopharmaceutical group has developed indigenous patented technology for the commercial production of recombinant human therapeutics proteins like interferon, peg-interferon, filgrastim and interleukins for hepatitis and cancer treatments.there is not a single pharmaceutical company in pakistan that has the cgmp infrastructure and expertise to produce "purified recombinant human proteins" for therapeutic use. cemb, university of the punjab is working on the provision of cgmp compliance infrastructure to meet the national needs of biopharmaceuticals.        






×









pu researcher finds heavy metals toxicity in chashma barrage mussels

  in an alarming but significant ground breaking environment research, punjab university phd scholar muhammad sohail has found that freshwater mussels (anodonta anatine) being sensitive to aquatic environmental contamination are excellent indicators of ecosystem health and stability. according to a press release issued here on tuesday, freshwater mussels, close relatives of pearls producing oyster mollusks are immobile and imbedded in the river streambed and filter water to obtain oxygen and food; therefore, they are sensitive to industrial, agricultural and other anthropogenic contaminations polluting even river indus.  the researcher has found bio-accumulation of lead, copper and chromium heavy metals in the gills, mantle and foot of freshwater mussels collected from river indus and chashma barrage bed. pu vice chancellor, prof. dr. zaffar mueen nasir has congratulated muhammad sohail on successful completion of his phd degree on the basis of such excellent phd evaluation reports.       







×









transgenic cotton varieties developed at cemb

              cemb has developed the following indigenously developed triple genes (cry1ac+cry2a+gtg) cotton varieties:these varieties are notable for their integration of the cry1ac, cry2a, and gtg genes.


















  




 



main page

about us

our history our pride

administration

campuses

picture gallery

chancellor's message

vice chancellor's message



academics

faculties

departments

independent centre

programs

ph.d programs 
masters programs 
undergraduate programs 
diploma 
certificates 
all programs 


scholarships

hec approved supervisors

student information

affiliated colleges

semester system 
annual system 




campus life
careers

apply online

available jobs



research

oric

online databases

library

publications

journals

books

doctoral programme coordination committee

video conferencing

research websites and free resources

conferences



admission

apply online (on-campus programs)

notices 

regulations

language proficiency

merit calculator

merit of last year 2023 

merit lists 



examination

online form submission(private / regular & late college (affiliated colleges)

schedules

date sheets

download roll no. slip

results

download result card

statistical analysis / gazettes

examination news



downloads
rti

















pu - book fair





pu - book fair





pu - old campus





research in limelight





pu - khanspur campus





pu 





pu - new campus





pu -  gujranwala campus





pu - new campus





pu - mosque




















vice chancellor's message

         my mission is to raise the productivity of our graduates through quality education and practical knowledge to contribute in a significant way to the national economy.

          
press release

pu asa’s oath taking ceremony:  the oath-taking ceremony of the newly elected members of punjab university academic staff association (asa) was held at ... » » »  


          
        



        













navigation




about us

about us
our history our pride
administration
campuses





academics

faculties
departments
independent centre
programs





courses

phd
masters
graduate 
diploma











research

oric
online databases
library
journals





online databases

proquest
sciencedirect 
hec national digital library
jstor





campus life

achievements of pu students
pu hostels
co-curricular activities
internet infrastructure














research in limelight




pu archaeology dept. discovered 2000 years old unique evidences of buddhist narrative art






 transgenic cotton varieties developed at cemb






hepatitis and cancer treatment       






pu researcher finds heavy metals toxicity in chashma barrage mussels














 
"pu asa’s oath taking ceremony"


 
"china playing role for pakistan’s development: zhao shirin"


 
"sports a must for physical, mental fitness: pu vc"


 
"pu hcc marks int’l world education day"


 
"spss research workshop held at pu"


 
"pu wins all pakistan intervarsity judo championship with 5 golds - pu judo captain sehar waeen grabs 2 golds making a new rec"


 
"screening of film ‘buhe khule rakhain’ at pu"


 
"pu radio fm 104.6 marks ‘world radio day’"


 
"lcwu win women football championship"


 
"pu faculty members become certified coach in eu-funded program"



















14 feb 2025 online admission forms and fee for the ll.b. (3 years) part-ii and part-iii annual examination, 2025

14 feb 2025 online admission forms and fee for the ll.b. (5 years) part-i, ii, iii, iv and part-v annual examination, 2025

01 jan 2025 mphil/ms & phd research stipends  offered at pu-(batch vi, 2025)

02 oct 2024 online registration schedule for private program of associate degree arts / science & commerce annual examination 2025

04 jun 2024 eligibility of candidates holding 3rd division in terminal degree for admission/enrolment in adp/bs programs of pu and affiliated colleges

31 may 2024 pu issues roll number slips

07 oct 2023 notification of ll.b. (05 years) regarding no age limit

08 feb 2023 cyber security advisory-spear pishing cases on rise - golden jackal (advisory no. 51)

30 nov 2022 cyber security advisory - phishing email attack-ideas 2022 (advisory no. 42)

28 nov 2022 notification regarding associate degrees in arts, science and commerce (adp) & m.a/m.sc program

23 aug 2022 cyber threat advisory - malware analysis report - fresh demand deputation (advisory no. 27)

23 aug 2022 spam email - govt. of punjab / exclusive property (advisory no. 25)

23 aug 2022 cyber security advisory - new malware/ suspicious appl "nebula shopping" (advisory no. 24)

21 dec 2021 notification regarding addition in quran translations

16 jan 2023 imagine cup 2023





















    





















 
faqs


 
contact us


 
pu campuses


 
sitemap












important links


»     cms 
»     nomination of focal person for drug and tobacco abuse
»     policies related to research & development programs of hec
»     online crowd funding platform
»     pu videos
»     proceedings of alumni reunion function
»     pu documentary
»     foreign faculty members
»     official social media accounts/pages
»     ph.d. produced
»     aspire leader program - hec
»     policy on protection against sexual harassment heis - hec
»     awareness material regarding rules and functions of fpsc




admission


»     merit lists 
»     click here to apply online 
»     notices 
»     schedule, entry test results & eligible/ineligible candt. 
»     fee structure 
»     regulations 
»     merit of last year 2023 
»     admission regulations 
»     international students
»     instructions for foreign students/overseas pakistani
»     prospectuses
»     language proficiency
»     notification of ll.b. (05 years) regarding no age limit
»     revised semester rules and regulations for undergraduate studies




examinations


»     online form submission(private / regular & late college (affiliated colleges)
»     date sheets
»     results
»     schedules
»     admission forms
»     schedule for foreign students
»     course outline
»     online registration 
»     examination news
»     past papers
»     statistical analysis / gazettes
»     sample papers for online assessment
»     guidelines and procedure for honorary degree
»     download result card 




quick links


»     political map of pakistan 
»     manual accessibility (pu vpn)
»     pu executive club
»     quran house society
»     health centre lab patient portal 
»     manuals for eduroamconnectivity
»     tender notices
»      pu newsletter
»     online challan form
»     transport / buses routesinformation
»     outlook 2013 configure foremail account
»     pu books
»     useful links












copyright ©  - all rights reserved - pu.edu.pk
 


 
developed by it centre 































