











district 36 toastmasters – where leaders are made !
















































































district 36 toastmasters

home
welcome to district 36

leadership

executive team
division and area directors
toastmasters international


new to toastmasters?

find a club
district 36 guests page
why join toastmasters?




program quality corner

tli

tli registration
tli results


educational series
pathways

pathways training
pathways tutorial
path to dtm


contests

contest resources


district social meetups (new)
district conference
about education & training

speakers bureau
youth leadership program




club growth corner

building new clubs
new clubs – now forming
club toolkits

club mission
club officers
club success


upcoming events
membership programs
club growth incentives
about membership and growth


calendar
other resources

finance corner
pr & media

meetup club listing
pictures
youtube
youtube (2)
club happenings


dcp dashboard
incentives
virtual meetings
document library
district 36 calendar
district leadership committee (dlc)






























 





 








empower toastmasters in our district to become confident and impactful leaders by mastering executive presence and harnessing the collective strength of our community.
a message from the district director for 2024/25 :: 

vision: to empower toastmasters in our district to become confident and impactful leaders by mastering executive presence and harnessing the collective strength of our community.

as your district director, i'm committed to fostering an environment where all members can:

master executive presence: we'll continue to offer programs and workshops that hone members communication, body language, and leadership skills, for creating a more impactful presence in any situation.

build crucial influence: our goal is to equip members with the skills and presence to effectively influence others, drive positive change, and advance their careers and impact.

power of community: we'll foster a supportive and collaborative environment where members can learn from each other, provide constructive feedback, and build the confidence to step into leadership roles.

celebrate success: together, we'll celebrate each other's milestones and achievements, building a supportive network that fuels our continued growth.

attention club officers: tli sessions for winter 2024/25 season will conclude with two sessions: 1) at 2pm on sunday, feb 23rd and 2) at 6:30pm on wednesday, feb 26th - see the tli page for registration links and full details.

district leadership committee’s (dlc)the district leadership committee’s (dlc) is responsible for ensuring the long-term success of the district by nominating candidates for the leadership roles of the district. through an open process, the committee seeks out potential candidates, interviews and evaluates them, and finally submits nominated candidates for election at the district’s annual meeting of the district council.

all candidates declaring for a 2025-2026 district leadership role should declare their intent to run to past district director danielle derrick, dtm who is serving as the current district leadership chair, no later than february 28, 2025 by completing the forms under required forms tab (click on pdf to open the forms) and submitting them to: dlc@district36.org
apply for district leader role
district 36 annual spring conferenceregistration link : 
district 36 spring conference
call for helping hand volunteers at the philadelphia convention on aug 20-23, 2025• complete the interest form (https://forms.office.com/r/deck9eejc0) to receive updates about the helping hands registration, which will open no later than the end of january 2025. please note this is not formal registration but ensures you stay informed!
toastmasters centennial resources
program quality - tli

program quality - pathways education

club growth - extension

club growth - retention

club spotlights

member spotlights

improve your public speaking skills with toastmasters
do you want to improve your public speaking skills in a safe, supportive, and collaborative environment?
if you improved your communication and leadership skills, would you advance faster in your career?
do you need practice writing speeches and presenting them to an audience?
do you want to build greater self-confidence?
if you answered "yes" to any of these questions, then you're not alone!
since 1924, toastmasters international has been the go-to organization for improving public speaking skills. toastmasters international currently supports over 300,000 members in 149 countries by teaching public speaking and leadership skills. to supplement members' education, toastmasters provides pathways, the toastmaster's education program. the pathways curriculum is designed to develop confident public speakers and leaders. 
if you are interested in developing your public speaking, communication, or leadership skills, then you need to explore toastmasters. this page provides more information about toastmasters.
 
 














our vision district 36 will be a vibrant community of enthusiastic, energetic toastmasters who are dedicated to helping themselves and others achieve their highest communication and leadership potential.
our core values 
respect
integrity
service
excellence


follow us 
 facebook
 linkedin 
 twitter
 meetup
 youtube


contact us 
district director
program quality director
club growth director
public relations manager
finance manager
 administration manager
webmaster









						2024 © the information on this website is for the sole use of toastmasters' members, for toastmasters business only. it is not to be used for solicitation and distribution of non-toastmasters material or information. all rights reserved. toastmasters international, the toastmasters international logo and all other toastmasters international trademarks and copyrights are the sole property of toastmasters international and may be used only by permission.					


































