








usna class of 1974 home page















 official 
        website of the united states naval academy graduating class of 1974, annapolis, 
    maryland















 











50th reunion
september 19-22, 2024


45th reunion
40th reunion
35th reunion
30th reunion


 
memorial tribute to vice admiral bert calland 



class officers
president: john yaeger
vice president: rusty yeiser
treasurer: earle babcock
 secretary: roger mcevoy
usna ’74 
                        class leadership 
                        communication practices


 






distinguished professor


the honorable donald p. loren ’74 for being conferred the title of distinguished professor of practice by the national defense university in washington, dc for his work as professor of national security and   resource strategy at ndu’s eisenhower school. loren has over 45 years of   national, international, and homeland security expertise. he recently   completed an appointment as deputy assistant secretary of defense for   plans & posture, serving as the principal civilian advisor   supporting the secretary’s title 10 responsibilities for the   development, preparation, and review of military plans, including   nuclear plans. he led development of strategic guidance and policy for,   and conducted oversight of, u.s. global defense posture, contingency   plans, and global force management. he advised the secretary of defense   on crisis action planning when changes to the strategic environment   required rapid adjustment of force levels and oversaw negotiation of   international agreements related to access and protections for u.s.   forces.










2022 distinguished graduate award
vice admiral william crowder ’74, usn (ret.): vice   admiral crowder served 36 years as a surface warfare officer, commanded   the strike group that assisted in tsunami relief following the 2004   indian ocean tsunami, was the u.s. 7th fleet commander, and   completed his career as deputy chief of naval operations for plans and   strategy.  as a commander, he spearheaded the navy’s response to the   attack on the pentagon’s navy command center on 9/11.  after retirement,   he served as the chief operating officer for a $1b business unit for   boeing, then started a consultancy practice.  vice admiral crowder is   the director of the admiral nimitz foundation and national museum and   was director of the olmsted foundation.  vice admiral william crowder resides in bradenton, fl.







'74 book club
featuring books authored by our classmates 




 
 
sea stories
                                by vadm doug crowder
 
 
 
 

 
more sea stories
by vadm doug crowder
 
books by larry turner
we were called to serve


 
 
                                three down and locked
 
 
 






                                to hoist a symbol hue







                                other books by larry:
                                our elizabeth 

tall oaks: living the retirement dream

hometown innocence lost: childhood memoir of a small town baby boomer





 
it starts with you: turn your goals into success 
by fred stuvek jr.
 
 
 
 

the experience of leadership: proven examples from successful leaders 

by fred stuvek jr.


 
camp lejeune command
by ken dunn



 
wargaming for leaders
by mark frost 





 
checklist complete: stories from my life in aviation 
by gary carter



 
the power of 3: lessons in leadership

by steven mays


books featuring our classmates

 
 
adak: the rescue of alfa foxtrot 586 
by andrew c. a. jampoler
an account of ed caylor and his flight crew's desperate battle against the sea after ditching their p-3, and the heroic efforts to rescue them provide an engrossing true story of survival.  many other '74 classmates appear in this book.

 
 


submarine
by tom clancy and john gresham 

only the author of the hunt for red october   could capture the reality of life aboard a nuclear submarine. only a   writer of mr. clancy's magnitude could obtain security clearance for   information, diagrams, and photographs never before available to the   public. 
                                featuring houston keith jones, captain of the uss miami and his crew. 

 






 
turning points the role of the state department in vietnam (1945–1975)
                    by ambassador thomas j. corcoran                  
                    click here for more info.
 
 
 
 
 
heroes lost and now found vol ii - author ron wilson is offering complimentary copies of this book to any interested alumni. heroes lost and now  found- focuses on graduates of the usna who died during world war ii.  all the books are in a large 9 x 12 format (similar to a yearbook) and include  numerous photographs and illustrations, as well as excerpts from historical lucky bags, logs, and tridents. here is a link to his  website, which provides more information on the series- usnavalacademyheritage.com. any  interested alumni can contact him at:  usnavalacademyheritage@gmail.com
 




 
lost your lucky bag? 
download a copy here





plebe year plus 3
                        by shawn smith '74 
                        reflections from 1st class year 





























 






 


