



































stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum | city of alexandria, va


















skip to main content

you're logged in with myalex  |  logout










city of alexandria, va





search: 







most relevant




most relevant



oldest first



newest first





all dates




all dates



last 2 weeks



last month



last 6 months



last year







search results cleared



 include archived pages

most of the content here is written in english. translate your  search to find more content? 

yes, always

translating "" to english...
searching for english phrase ""







































menu





live


play


services


business


government


projects & plans


calendar


i want to…


















stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum

the stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum was a family business founded in 1792 and operated in this location from 1805 until 1933.  it represents one of alexandria's oldest continuously run businesses that combined retailing, wholesaling, and manufacturing.

          page updated on february 7, 2025 at 2:23 pm











museums





historic alexandria (home)


alexandria archaeology museum


alexandria black history museum


alexandria history museum at the lyceum


fort ward museum & historic site


freedom house museum


friendship firehouse museum


gadsby's tavern museum


stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum


visit other historic sites


african american heritage park


alexandria union station


contrabands and freedmen cemetery memorial


lloyd house


murray-dick-fawcett house




african american history division


alexandria community remembrance project


alexandria oral history center


archives & records center


educational resources


historic preservation


history of alexandria


museum collections


news releases


plan your visit


rentals and private events


self-guided tours


stay connected


support historic alexandria


make a gift


become a member


join a commission


volunteer









share

share on twitter
share on facebook


















language
english / english
spanish / español
amharic / አማርኛ
arabic / عربى
chinese / 中文
french / français
german / deutsch
italian / italiano
japanese / 日本/トルコ
korean / 한국어
pashto / پښتو
persian / فارسی
russian / перевести
turkish / türk




xwarning: you have chosen to translate this page using an automated translation system. 
			this translation has not been reviewed by the city of alexandria and may contain errors.

		







              the stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum
          






what is the stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum and how did it become a museum? this short video covers the basics.the stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum boasts a vast collection of herbal botanicals, hand-blown glass, and medical equipment.  it also has a spectacular collection of archival materials, including journals, prescription and formula books, ledgers, orders and invoices. the museum is a national historic landmark.





              visit the apothecary museum
          



 


 







          plan your visit
        


the museum's summer hours are wednesdays - fridays 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., saturdays 11 a.m. - 5 p.m., and sundays - mondays 1 - 5 p.m. this page has admission information, tour options, and directions to assist in planning your visit.








              learn more about the apothecary
          



 


 







          history of the apothecary
        


learn about the apothecary, the stablers, the leadbeaters, and the museum.




 


 







          educational resources
        


resources for students and educators to use at home.




 


 







          archival collection
        


search the museum’s archival collection, comprised of the letters, invoices, account books, and ledgers of the apothecary and pharmacy business owned by the stablers and leadbeater families from 1792-1933.








              support the apothecary museum
          



 


 







          volunteer
        


learn more about volunteer opportunities with the stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum, a part of the office of historic alexandria. 




 


 







          mortar and pestle society
        


the mortar and pestle society is the official friends group for the stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum. the society’s support benefits a variety of projects such as object conservation, education programs, and other specific museum needs.




 


 







          make a gift
        


celebrate the power and impact of community philanthropy by supporting the stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum and historic alexandria!








              more information
          



contact the museum
stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum
105-107 south fairfax street
alexandria, virginia 22314
phone: 703.746.3852
contact the museum (alex311)  


social media
stay connected with historic alexandrialike us on facebook: stabler leadbeater apothecary museum


mission statement
the stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum, one of the oldest pharmacies in the nation, exists today to promote a greater understanding of historic public health issues, inspire people with the values of quaker founder, edward stabler, and engage the visitor in an appreciation of our local and national history by sharing the story of this business and family’s profound effect on the community in such diverse areas as education and the abolition of slavery.


programs and events
programs & events at the apothecary museum
the museum offers a number of public programs and special events throughout the year. from harry potter's birthday to special behind-the-scenes tours, the apothecary has something for all ages and interests. 
for current dates of programs & events, check the calendar of events.


educational resources at the apothecary museum
educational resources at the apothecary museum
the museum offers a variety on-site programs, from special tours to hands-on activities to lectures, throughout the year. the programs can be tailored to meet the specific needs of your group.










apothecaryhistoric alexandriahistoric sitesmuseums


















contact us
alex311 | 703.746.4311


follow us


facebook


twitter


youtube




visitor information




visitalexandriava.com










emergency hotlines


social media


privacy & legal


foia requests





departments


jobs


payments















alexandria city hall
                           301 king street
                           alexandria, va 22314
                        





city of alexandria seal





      
© 1995–2023 city of alexandria, va and others.




















hold on, redirecting...






