





  




cruzio internet: wireless, fiber, broadband, colo, offices



























































































































skip to main content





cruzio internet 

contact us
member tools
account center
webmail 
 

search site...





get connected!

 

menu
skip to content

main menuinternetcoworkingcoworkingimage
offices and 9-5 memberships 

office space coworking


move your business to the best-connected office space in santa cruz. fully furnished & fiber-connected.

from $849/mogo



9-5 memberships coworking


join the coworking revolution! workspace, meeting rooms and free 1gbps (1,000mbps) wifi, every day of the week.

from $199/mo go
 
workstations and meetings /events 

workstationscoworking


dedicated, permanent desk space with lockable storage, power, and 1gbps (1,000mbps) fiber internet.

from $399/mo go



day pass coworking


no commitment. work for the day, or several days, for one low price

from $25/day go

24/7 memberships

24/7 memberships coworking


come & go as you please with full 24/7 keycard access and all the benefits of full membership.

from $249/mo go



meetings & events


the perfect venue for classes, high-tech events, community gatherings, and showcases of local talent.

from $15/hour go
enterpriseenterpriseimage
colocation 
colocation data center

state-of-the-art secure facilities, right here in santa cruz. fully-redundant fiber connectivity and power.
from $449/mo
go

dedicated 

dedicatedbroadband

robust. dedicated. scalable. infrastructure-grade bandwidth that’s always there when you need it.
up to 1+gbps from $499/mogo


all services

 
 
 
 







 








 real local folks. awesome local internet. enter your address to get started.








headlines


santa cruz sentinel
mercury news
cruzio blog
ny times
bbc world
santa cruz local
california local
slashdot

links


pac-12 realignment: if memphis, tulane, south florida are targeted (again), american commissioner tim pernetti will be readypac-12 expansion is on pause. the conference needs at least one more football school to meet certification req… nba all-star’s hbcu classic brings together morehouse college, tuskegee university in oakland celebrationoakland — oakland has lost a lot of sports over the past six years. the warriors took the bridge across the ba… dimes: nba all-star game is a celebration of steph curry, lebron james and kevin durantwarriors beat writer danny emerman shares his thoughts on the nba: this summer in paris became the greatest ce… dunk artist mac mcclung steals show with historic three-peat on all-star saturday night | jim seimas, airing it outsan francisco — each year, when the nba all-star game rolls around, rather than watch a mean-nothing game that… horoscopes feb. 16, 2025: ice-t, prospects look promising this yearcelebrities born on this day: the weeknd, 35; elizabeth olsen, 36; ice-t, 67; levar burton, 68. happy birthday… scotts valley’s girls, aptos’ boys emerge with sccal tournament titles | high school basketball roundupaptos — the best of the best locally squared off at cabrillo college on saturday night to battle for santa cru… santa cruz freshman wrestler vera bentley takes first at ccs southern regionals | local roundupsanta cruz high freshman wrestler vera bentley took first place in her weight division at the central coast se… stephen curry keeps busy as unofficial host of nba all-star weekendoakland – stephen curry’s numerous duties as the unofficial host of the nba’s all-star weekend have taken the… best mattress protectorwhich mattress protectors are best? a quality mattress is a significant purchase, so it’s natural that you’d w… best roasting panwhich roasting pan is best? with holidays and family gatherings coming up, you want to ensure that you have al…  


update: flood warning for solano and yolo counties until monday eveningsolano and yolo counties were placed under an updated flood warning by the natio… pac-12 realignment: if memphis, tulane, south florida are targeted (again), american commissioner tim pernetti will be readypac-12 expansion is on pause. the conference needs at least one more football sc… oakland: increased enforcement ahead of nba all-star weekend leads to arrestsby bay city news the oakland police department has ramped up enforcement efforts… oakland expands safety camera network in east oaklandby bay city news the city of oakland has expanded its safety camera network with… justice department’s independence is threatened as trump’s team asserts power over cases and staffby eric tucker and alanna durkin richer washington (ap) — pam bondi had insisted… a year after navalny’s death, the russian opposition struggles without its charismatic leaderby dasha litvinova the stunning news came in a terse statement from the russian… in ukraine, a potential arms-for-minerals deal inspires hope and skepticismby samya kullab and hanna arhirova kirovohrad region, ukraine (ap) — the mineral… finland president urges europe to firm up ukraine’s hand for us-sought talks with russia to end warby emma burrows munich (ap) — finland’s president on sunday urged the rearming o… rubio in israel says hamas must be eradicated, casting further doubt on gaza’s shaky ceasefireby matthew lee and natalie melzer jerusalem (ap) — u.s. secretary of state marco… mountain view’s inorbit robot space hosting showcase, tourrobot showcase mountain view’s inorbit robot space is hosting a robot showcase a…  


first friday at cruzio featuring liminal space!liminal space art collective is a group of santa cruz artists building bridges a… faster internet coming to coastside san mateoearlier this year, the state of california awarded cruzio $5.65 million to impro… 🎨 first friday at cruzioworks!🎨first friday at cruzioworks! get ready to immerse yourself in a vibrant evening… black-footed catsthis cat looks a little like cruzio internet’s logo black-footed cats can be fou… hidden fortress opens cafe at cruzioworksamelia and her staff are super friendly and they serve great food hidden fortres… cruzio got a grant. what that means for youcruzio’s independent network will be enhanced in the purple area — “from summits… cruzio rides the giant dipper (and more)at the end of june cruzio took a well-deserved break and visited the santa cruz… federal internet subsidies are gone — but we’re still helpingstudents benefit from good internet at a center in pajaro valley cruzio’s goal i… sclu takes the win at the memorial day surf contestthe santa cruz longboard union (sclu) takes the victory at the 38th annual memor… equal access in watsonville, camay is affordable housing month! tabasa gardens tabasa gardens housing complex o…  


knife attack suspect in austria was inspired by isis, official saysone person was killed and five others wounded in stabbings in the center of the… volunteers search for isis kidnap victimsno international body is searching for hundreds of yazidi women and girls still… left out of ukraine talks, europe races to organize a responsethe trump administration’s push for negotiations without ukrainian involvement l… at least 3 dead in kentucky as rainstorm pounds the statea powerful storm moved through kentucky and other parts of the south, creating a… she’s trying to stay ahead of alzheimer’s, in a race to the deathin the netherlands, doctors and dementia patients must negotiate a fine line: as… trump team leaves european alliance in crisis; macron calls for emergency summiteuropean leaders felt certain about one thing after a whirlwind tour by trump of… putin has long wanted more power in europe. trump could grant it.remarks by vice president jd vance and defense secretary pete hegseth are fuelin… life, from new yorkour comedy columnist reflects on 50 years of “saturday night live.”let students finish the whole book. it could change their lives.had they merely read the summary, my students would have seen many of the same w… how to watch the ‘s.n.l.’ 50th anniversary specialthe venerable sketch show is throwing itself a big star-studded party on sunday…  


netanyahu praises trump's 'bold vision' for gaza at rubio meetingthe israeli pm said he was working with the us on a “common strategy” for gaza.dozens killed in mali illegal gold mine collapsethe collapse, which killed at least 40, took place near kenieba, in mali’s gold-… panda-stic! twin cubs attract hundreds of visitors on debuthuge crowds gathered in hong kong to get a glimpse of elder sister and little br… south korean actress kim sae-ron, 24, found deadkim began her career as a child actor and was seen as one of the country’s most… us government tries to rehire nuclear staff it fired days agoit is having problems contacting people who were fired in trump’s blitz to shrin… who's who in german elections and why this vote is importantgerman voters go to the polls on 23 february in a pivotal vote focused on immigr… austria attack that killed teen linked to is, officials saya 14-year-old boy was killed and five others were wounded in the attack in villa… world's 'first openly gay imam' shot dead in south africahe was a pioneering figure who ran a mosque in cape town intended as a safe have… families heartbreak after deadly delhi railway station crusheyewitnesses and relatives of victims spoke of their pain and trauma after a cru… 'the gloves are off!'  – three fights in nine seconds as us beat canadawatch as three fights break out in the first nine seconds of the usa v canada 4…  


senior speed dating draws hearts in live oakparticipants saddle up to the third annual senior speed dating event at grey bea… watsonville council members discuss rail trail optionswatsonville city councilmember eduardo montesino said he wants better transporta… capitola council delays decision on park avenue rail trail optionsthe capitola city council on thursday night delayed a decision on rail trail opt… high wind, rain, surf, slides due for santa cruz countyrain and high wind return to santa cruz county this week. (stephen baxter — sant… rail trail, traffic calming projects on tap for watsonville city councilthe watsonville city council on feb. 11 will hear an update on the city’s neighb… santa cruz wildfire plan aims to coordinate evacuations, water delivery, resourcesthe santa cruz city council could advance a comprehensive wildfire plan at its m… ‘a game changer’: more santa cruz county residents call 24-hour mobile crisis teama mobile crisis response team offers 24-hour, non-police response to mental heal… ‘forever chemicals’ prompt water upgrades at santa cruz county lockupelevated chemical levels in the water at the rountree jail facility near watsonv… bird flu risks described by santa cruz county health officialssanta cruz county health officers said bird flu has not shown up in the county,… president’s order casts uncertainty on santa cruz county rail trail moneythe rail corridor runs by twin lakes state beach near el dorado avenue. (nik alt…  


black history and equity in californianot long ago, california’s legislative black caucus made history. here’s what th… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… sen. adam schiff takes the high road but keeps pressure on trumpthe la-area democrat takes office under fire, but says he will strive for bipart… new faces in officethroughout california, people are being sworn into office—some for the first tim… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out…  


lawsuit accuses meta of training ai on torrented 82tb dataset of pirated books“meta is involved in a class action lawsuit alleging copyright infringement, a c… amazon tests robots for automating fulfillment centersyahoo finance shares an interesting prediction. amazon has an “under-the-radar r… alleged 'ceo shooter' luigi mangione raises $297k onlineluigi mangione faces first-degree murder charges. on valentine’s day he posted h… are fast programming languages gaining in popularity?in january the tiobe index (estimating programming language popularity) declared… ai bugs could delay upgrades for both siri and alexabloomberg reports that apple’s long-promised overhaul for siri “is facing engine… ask slashdot: what would it take for you to trust an ai?long-time slashdot reader shanen has been testing ai clients. (they report that… despite plans for ai-powered search, reddit's stock fell 14% this week“reddit answers” uses generative ai to answer questions using what past redditto… china's 'salt typhoon' hackers continue to breach telecoms despite us sanctions“security researchers say the chinese government-linked hacking group, salt typh… the world's most printed 3d model, 3dbenchy, is now public domainhackaday reports: good news for everyone who cannot get enough from improbably s… america's office-occupancy rates drop by double digits – and more in san franciscosfgate shares the latest data on america’s office-occupancy rates: according to…  


black history and equity in californianot long ago, california’s legislative black caucus made history. here’s what th… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… sen. adam schiff takes the high road but keeps pressure on trumpthe la-area democrat takes office under fire, but says he will strive for bipart… new faces in officethroughout california, people are being sworn into office—some for the first tim… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out…  


local

bratton online
city on a hill press
firedispatch.com
firescan.net
good times
hilltromper
monterey herald
press banner
register-pajaronian
salinas californian 
santa cruz comic news
santa cruz indy media
santa cruz patch
santa cruz police department blog
santa cruz sentinel
santa cruz waves
santa cruz weekly



world

abc news
alternet
arts & letters daily
bbc news
broadband reports
common dreams
cnet
cnn
democracy now
digg
espn
fox news
la times 
london times
mercury news
nbc news
needful news
new york times
npr
scitech daily 
sf chronicle 
slashdot
the independent
the onion
the register 
urban legends
usa today 
washington post 
wired
yahoo news






more news...
less news...
back to top of news sources


 




weather

santa cruz weather
half moon bay weather




traffic
click or tap map for live traffic info
more…





surf

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for steamer lane-the point at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for cowells cove at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for 41st ave (the hook - shark cove) at surf-forecast.com. 
more...




about cruzio
cruzio, established in 1989, connects businesses and residences around santa cruz county and parts of the bay area with multi-gigabit fiber internet, business-grade wireless internet, and other internet and web services. our beautiful headquarters in downtown santa cruz serve as an ixp and data center, with colocation, flexible office space and coworking for startups and small businesses.
more…








 
 

 




servicesinternet

broadband labels
equal access internet


enterprise

colocation
dedicated internet access


coworking

office space
workstations
24/7 memberships
9-5 memberships
day pass
meetings & events


 
 


terms of usemaster services agreement
acceptable use policy
privacy policy
internet principles
access agreement
transparency document
member toolscruzio mail
account center
support center
fusion phone tools
speed test
domain tools
network status
cruzioworks
book a meeting room
 
 


about cruzionewsletter signup
newsletter archive
blog
testimonials
join the cruzio team
santa cruz guidecruzio merch
weather
surf
traffic
wifi hotspots
computer/web consultants
 
 



contact us

877 cedar st #150santa cruz, ca 95060
 (831) 459-6301
 email us 












 
 
cruzio serves aptos, aromas, ben lomond, bonny doon, boulder creek, brookdale, capitola, corralitos, davenport, felton, freedom, la selva beach, lompico, pajaro, rio del mar, santa cruz, scotts valley, seacliff, soquel, watsonville, & zayante.
 
 
 


cruzio internet 831-459-6301




cruzio internet














homeinternetcoworking

office spaceworkstationsday pass24/7 membershipsmeetings & events9-5 memberships back
enterprise

colocationdedicated internet access back
member tools

cruzio mailaccount centersupport centerspeed testdomain toolsnetwork statuscruzioworksbook a meeting room back
all servicescontact

				× close panel			






























