







vbbe - welcome
























































    







 menu    



 welcome

latest news
upcoming dates
notices
board
faq
contact us
directions to office
sitemap



 bar exam




1 - overview

overview
rules of the board
faq




2 - applying for exam

dates • locations • deadlines
statutory filing deadline
application
exam options
application processing
registration - laptop program
non-standard testing accommodations
amendment to an application




3 - sitting for exam

required and allowed bar exam items
bar exam instructions
medical accommodation request form
change of address
dress code
concurrent transfer form
request to carry forward




4 - post exam

change of address
name change
mbe score advisory/transfer
results
wall certificate
statistics




5 - study resources

past essay questions
example answers
ncbe study aids










 admission without exam

overview
faq
rule & regulations
reciprocal jurisdictions
application



 character & fitness

overview
instructions
requirements
character & fitness hearing procedures
appeal memorandum
reconsideration after denial
committee



 law reader

rules & regulations
memorandum
application
quarterly certificates



 other applications

virginia corporate counsel
virginia legal aid counsel
military legal assistance attorney
military spouse provisional admission
foreign legal consultant
virginia state bar reinstatement



 miscellaneous



 


miscellaneous forms

amendment to an application
change of address
fingerprint card request
medical accommodation request form
mbe score advisory/transfer form
name change
request a certified copy of an application
request to carry forward




resources

aba approved law schools
birth certificates, naturalization & immigration
court records access
credit reports
driving record
foreign addresses
full legal name
ncbe number
rules of the board
sample forms
virginia judges and lawyers assistance program (vjlap)














 



























welcome 










 



javascript is required to access all areas of our website.
 click here for instructions to enable javascript in your web browser.




   latest news     upcoming dates
  print page









latest news















 february 2025 bar exam


filing deadline, application receipt confirmation, application processing, bar exam instructions, and laptop program





virginia adopts nextgen bar exam - july 2028 - details














 






notices





virginia board of bar examiners to adopt nextgen bar exam format beginning july 2028 - more information



 supreme court of virginia amended rule 1a:8 for military spouse provisional admission - effective march 4, 2024



timeline extended for accepting mpre scores - more information



third-year law students may take the february 2023 virginia bar exam - more information



 supreme court of virginia amended rule 1a:1 for admission without examination - effective november 12, 2023



 supreme court of virginia new rule 1a:9 for virginia legal aid counsel - as amended march 7, 2023











virginia judges and lawyers assistance program (vjlap) - click here for more information.



vsb award (available to exam-takers who plan to be in-house counsel) - click here for more information.






welcome!
the virginia board of bar examiners ("board") is an agency of the supreme court of virginia. in addition, its statutory authority is found in § 54.1-3919 et seq. of the code of virginia. the board is responsible for ascertaining the qualifications of applicants for admission to the bar of virginia and  licensing those applicants who meet those requirements as established by the supreme court of virginia, the virginia general assembly, and the rules and regulations issued by the board.
before calling our office, please refer to our faqs or the links below to see if your questions can be answered. our website should provide you all information on the bar admission process in virginia.
on this website, you will find:

frequently asked questions about  admission to the virginia bar.
information about the bar exam and all its components,  including the character & fitness questionnaire.
information on admission without examination (for persons who may be qualified by virtue of their years of experience in the full-time licensed practice of law in accordance with rule 1a:1).
information on the law reader program.
information on military legal assistance attorney, military spouse provisional admission, foreign legal consultant, virginia corporate counsel, part i, virginia legal aid counsel, and virginia state bar reinstatement.

we can be contacted at the address and phone number below or by accessing the contact us page. we try to respond to all correspondence within 48 hours of our receipt, workload permitting. in order to give our staff time to perform all of their required duties, our voice telephone lines are open between the hours of 9:00 to 3:00 monday through friday. at other times (or if all lines are busy during those hours), you will hear a recording. before calling, please see if your questions can be answered by the information on this site.







if you feel overwhelmed and want to talk, the virginia judges and lawyers assistance program (vjlap) is there for you. the virginia judges and lawyers assistance program is an independent non-profit organization which provides confidential, non-disciplinary assistance to lawyers, judges, law students, legal professionals, and their family members who experience impairment as a result of substance abuse and/or mental health conditions.
for more information, please contact vjlap at info@vjlap.org or 877-545-4682 (24/7). services are complimentary, confidential and non-disciplinary.





 







welcome







welcome
latest news
upcoming dates
notices
board
faq
contact us
directions to office
sitemap


 



disclaimer

the information on this website is to assist persons who are potential applicants for admission to the virginia bar. it is of necessity abbreviated at times. if there is any conflict between any language on this website and the rules of the virginia board of bar examiners (rules), the rules prevail.
virginia board of bar examiners mission statement and code of ethics
virginia board of bar examiners expenditures
virginia board of bar examiners meetings





















 copyright ©  virginia board of bar examiners






phone: (804) 367-0412
fax: (804) 367-0416













address: 2201 west broad street
     suite 101
     richmond, va 23220
    




























































