






family builders ministries | building better families






































the tools book
about us
contact us
donate
 












marriage
parenting
family
grandparenting
podcast
 


select page


  
 
 












building better families
our god-inspired vision is that every married couple and every parent live in authentic healthy, relationships as a means of transforming hearts and homes for jesus christ.





;






building great families and marriages







our outreach

family builders ministries conducts marriage and family enrichment seminars, retreats and conferences which build stronger, healthier individuals, couples, parents and families. use the form on our contact page to find how you can schedule one of our seminars or invite someone to speak at your event.













































































































podcast
strong, healthy, and meaningful relationships are incredibly important and can bring great joy and fulfillment into our lives. yet, keeping those bonds of love and commitment solid isn’t always easy. it’s all about relationships, with willie batson and jere vincent, is a program about building relationships with a christ-centered approach. together, willie and jere have decades of combined expert insights into how relationships thrive and endure through challenging times.

listen now!









we recommend:







whether you’re a seasoned, new, or expectant grandparent, you want your family to know, love, and serve the lord and shine as a light for christ in today’s world. this seminar will unpack god’s “grand-partnering” design to help both you and your family be that light.
february 28, 2025 – march 1, 2025
sponsored by elderquest ministries
location: woodmen valley chapel; colorado springs

information and registration





coming family builder events

be sure to check back for more information about these events as details and registration become available.





april 4-6, 2025



legacy of faith retreat

be part of the first-ever legacy of faith couples retreat set against the stunning backdrop of new england.

information and registration



the glen house
gorham, new hampshire





donate now









since 1987, family builders ministries has been serving married couples, parents, and those who minister to them.
with your help, we will see the fulfillment of our god-inspired vision of every married couple and every parent living in authentic healthy relationships as a means of transforming hearts and homes for jesus christ. through your financial gift of any amount you become a partner with us in transforming hearts and homes.

donate now



 







copyright © 2025 family builders ministries
po box 321 - durham, nh 03824 























