



welcome to florida speech































 












































 






























 
 


welcome 
                    to floridaspeech.com!
our mission at florida speech is to provide
                    the highest quality, professional speech
                    and language therapy services to all clients
                    in an individualized and family-centered
                    manner. we focus on functional need for each
                    client, and provide therapy in natural communication
                    environments, such as a home, school, child-care
                    center, or adult workshops as well as our
                    waterford lakes and winter springs offices.

 



at florida speech we view 
              the ability to communicate our thoughts, needs,
              ideas, wants, and feelings as a priceless gift;
              one that no person should be hindered to use in
              any situation. we offer a variety of services,
              ranging from childhood speech and language therapy,
              to augmentative and alternative communication,
            to adult speech and language therapy. 
all of our therapists at florida speech are nationally
              licensed and certified, as well as licensed to
              practice in the state of florida. all clinicians
              in our network have been awarded the certificate 
              of clinical competence from the american 
              speech-language-hearing association (asha), 
              or are completing their clinical 
              fellowship under the immediate supervision of 
              one of our certified speech-language pathologists. we also have two speech-language pathology assistants that work in our clinics under direct and constant supervision of our speech-language pathologists.



 
 
florida speech
                    currently accepts private pay, medicaid,
                    med-waiver, medipass, and select insurance
                    plans. please contact us to inquire about
                    acceptance of specific insurance plans and/or
                    programs.
if you would like to contact florida speech
                    to set up an appointment, discuss your specific
                    communication concerns, or to discuss our
                    rate and fee schedules, please use our contact us 
                    page and fill out the information fields. you may also call 
                    us at (407) 277-5400 or send a fax to our office at (321) 281-4942. for directions to our different locations, please check out our locations page.
please bookmark us and visit often! thank you!



 












©2002-2025 florida speech-language pathology, inc. all rights reserved.         home 
| contact | legal









 






























