


barefoot coffee | welcome



















































 






















home



























































latest stories







 




coffee growing , ethical coffee

securing a bright future for the coffee industry: how development workers can help

october 30, 2020



          development and international aid workers have long played a vital role in the exploitation of cash crops such as coffee …        






 




espresso

can home-brewed espresso ever match café quality?

september 12, 2019



          it’s been a while since we published our guide to brewing your own perfect espresso at home. since then, we’ve …        






 




good coffee

5 of the best coffees money can buy

may 09, 2019



          each year brings a host of fresh treats as new, high-quality coffees reach stores and cafes across the country for …        






 




coffee jobs

how to become a top-level barista

october 22, 2018



          finding work as a barista has become increasingly common as america’s national passion for coffee has boomed in recent decades. …        






 




caffeine

is coffee addictive? resolving an ancient question

july 25, 2018



          coffee is our national drink and its popularity only appears to be growing. a staggering 400 million cups of our …        






 




coffee growing

who grows your coffee beans? exploring the world’s coffee communities

april 07, 2018



          in our post on ethics in the coffee industry last year, we focused our attention on the various fair trade …        






 




coffee varieties

5 countries with the highest quality coffee beans

march 04, 2018



          it’s generally believed the most optimal conditions for growing coffee exist in well-established growing countries like those of central america. …        






 




caffeine , drinking tips

4 ways to prevent caffeine jitters

january 23, 2018



          as society has evolved into the modern fast-paced world we know today, caffeine has become increasingly popular. whether you are …        






 




brewing methods , espresso

how to brew the perfect espresso (beginner’s guide)

december 16, 2017



          espressos are one of the most popular types of coffee worldwide. no wonder, they are usually thick, strong in caffeine …        






 




caffeine , coffee varieties

ranking coffee types by caffeine content

october 27, 2017



          coffee drinking has become increasingly more popular in recent years, practically turning into a cult. the chemical composition of roasted …        




1
2
 












recent posts


securing a bright future for the coffee industry: how development workers can help


can home-brewed espresso ever match café quality?


5 of the best coffees money can buy


how to become a top-level barista


is coffee addictive? resolving an ancient question


about barefoot coffee blog we focus on the freshest, most flavorful specialty coffee beans, with a particular slant on the ethics of fair trade and sustainable coffee.
coffee is our life and we are so totally lost in love with it. enjoy!

 





instagraminstagram did not return a 200.










some of our seasonal offerings… 
yirgacheffe
malacara tablon 7
redcab™
the heavy™

we travel to origin to find the most conscientious farmers and hand-select beans that take our breath away. 
paying our farmers up to 25% more for the highest quality, sustainably grown coffee just makes sense to us. 

 

learn morecoffee
about us
contact us
privacy policy
 

store locator 



















