


top marina in bahamas | hurricane hole superyacht marina


























































 











skip to content


 242-603-1950
reserve now

facebook
twitter
linkedin
instagram






 menu

x close
marina

slip rentals
customs
navigate
faqs
charities we support


facilities & services

sawyer’s fresh market
700 wines & spirits
the pharmacy
anachronist wellness center
dockside bar and grill
windermere yacht services
concierge services
other amenities


fuel services

in-slip fueling
fuel dock


gallery
blog
news
contact
 







the bahamas’ best superyacht marina welcome to hurricane hole
general inquiries reserve your slip purchase a slip






scroll down











stay with us
reserve a slip at hurricane hole superyacht marina.

book now




 



reserve your slip in paradise
hurricane hole superyacht marina is bigger and better than ever, thanks to a world-class redesign and expansion project that added new amenities to the best marina in the bahamas. our cutting-edge infrastructure and top-notch services mean we can accommodate even the largest yachts and superyachts, with a total of 6,100 linear feet of deep-water fixed and floating docks, and a 240-foot-wide turning basin. choosing hurricane hole means you’ll have 24/7 security, on-site concierge services, modern communications and internet infrastructure, and a growing slate of stores, restaurants, medical facilities, and so much more. docking your yacht here guarantees you premium service and amenities for yacht captains and crew members at a top deep-water marina.
reserve your slip






state-of-the-art superyacht marina
every detail has been carefully planned, considered, and executed at hurricane hole superyacht marina. our on-site guest services can meet your every need, including convenient on-deck delivery from the liquor and wine store and premium grocery store located at the marina. additional amenities include high-speed internet, 24/7 security, long-term parking, dockside mobile pump-out services, boat detailing, and interior cleaning. members and guests have access to fitness facilities, a dockside bar & grill and swimming pool, a crew lounge, private meeting spaces, and laundry facilities. we have everything you need — and so much more.







on-site grocery store







concierge services
 







in-slip fueling







competitive rates







fuel dock







24-hour security







high-speed internet







luxury amenities








tour the marina and  surrounding areas
view gallery





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







learn more about hurricane hole marina




0‘ linear dock space


0‘ max length


0‘ mean low tide


0‘ wide turning basin




hurricane hole superyacht marina on paradise island is the perfect place for yachts and superyachts of all sizes. we have the space and infrastructure you need to accommodate even the largest of vessels.
reserve your slip





 


exclusive fueling services
hurricane hole superyacht marina is the only marina in nassau/paradise island to offer in-slip fueling, meaning captains of large yachts no longer have to monitor or wait in line for refueling — it can happen right at the dock. our marina also has a premier fuel dock nestled between the paradise island bridges, open daily to all vessels, making it a convenient and accessible spot for fueling as you embark on your boating adventures. 






an unparalleled array of conveniences
discover equal measures of luxury, privacy, serenity, adventure, and security in an intimate community that bridges modern comforts and tropical delights. spectacular residences, superyacht slips, gourmet dining, a superb location, and an array of exceptional services combine to create the ultimate bahamas marina experience.
explore paradise island and the surrounding area by clicking on the points on the map below.













hurricane hole superyacht marina at paradise landing





downtown nassau 5 min car





atlantis resort & casino 5 min walk





 ocean club beach club 5 min golf cart





 ocean club golf course 5 min walk





the exumas 60 min boat














hurricane hole superyacht marina at paradise landing





downtown nassau 5 min car





atlantis resort & casino 5 min walk





 ocean club beach clubcabbage beach 5 min golf cart





 ocean club golf course 5 min walk





the exumas 60 min boat













reserve your slip
click the link below to reserve a slip at hurricane hole superyacht marina, or request more information via our general inquiry form.
general inquiries reserve your slip
reserve your slip




what our customers say






 
“just want to thank you and the team again for everything. i’ve had an amazing time in hurricane hole. it changed my life as aå captain and put me on the map for the future!…”

mike r.








 
“wonderful marina, absolutely clean and safe for your yacht. the staff is wonderful and extremely kind and helpful…”
iman a.









“magnificent marina. the best facilities in nassau”
enrique v.









“all of your housing needs to park your luxury yachts. fine dining(asian grill), liquor store and pharmacy at your disposal.”
delarrence t.










 


focused on sustainability
sterling global financial is strongly focused on sustainable development. we believe that our projects should be balanced, employ best environmental practices and protect the earth for future generations. learn more about some of the charities we support:


the bahamas national trust

the bahamas feeding network

lend a hand bahamas

environmental stewardship





 



own your piece of paradise
hurricane hole’s prime location on paradise island is just one of the things that distinguish it as the finest marina in the bahamas — and now you have the rare opportunity to own a piece of it. purchasing a boat slip at our premier superyacht marina not only secures a coveted, limited-availability asset but also provides you with a place to call home for your vessel in the region’s most desirable yachting destination.
our professionally managed rental program can maximize your investment earnings when you’re not using your boat slip. with exceptional amenities, owning a part of hurricane hole superyacht marina is an opportunity that blends luxury, convenience, and long-term value in one of the most sought-after locations in the world.
buy a slip




















		bahamas	






			nassau, bs		



11:26,  

02/16/25













79°f 




		broken clouds	






humidity 


					69 %				





pressure 


					1018 mb				





wind 


					14 mph				






wind gust:


				25 mph			







visibility:

10 km




sunrise:

06:43



sunset:

18:04










						weather from openweathermap				









hurricane hole superyacht marina









facebook
twitter
linkedin
instagram




marina operations:

 242-603-1950
 slips@hurricaneholemarina.com

superyacht marina club & slip sales:

 sales@hurricaneholemarina.com



hours & location
8 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily
                marina check in: 1 p.m.; check out: 12 p.m.
                office may be contacted locally on vhf channel 16.
                1 marina way, paradise island, the bahamas
                
fuel dock
the sterling hurricane hole marina fuel
            dock is located between the two bridges
            and monitors vhf channels 16 & 11.
            fuel dock hours: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily











© 2025 hurricane hole. terms & conditions | privacy policy















			×			


























