





new orleans vacation rentals - french quarter apartments - reservations for inns, condos, guest houses, bed and breakfast, sightseeing tours





















 

live 
    music listings

  


celebrations
bachelor parties
bachelorette parties
large family gatherings
wedding services 

accommodations 
suites
studios
1 bedroom
2 bedrooms
3 bedrooms
4 bedrooms
luxury
cottages
townhouses 
multi unit properties
vip suites

book a tour plantation 
    tour
swamp tour
combination tour
city & katrina tours
cemetery tours
ghost tours
voodoo tours
vampire tours
custom tours

plan your stay city 
    map
events calendar
restaurants
transportation
trip insurance
art 
music
nature
sports



going to the beach? tranquility 
    in florida





 




"for corporate or vacation rentals and unique accommodations in the french quarter"
800-570-3085
 


 home | specials 
  | tours | reservations 
  | events calendar | contact 
  us | reviews



why risk booking with strangers when you can book with locals who'll 
          make you feel like one too?




inn  the quarter reservation service, located in the heart of the french
        quarter, has been helping visitors experience new orleans like a native
        since 1992.  we pride ourselves on giving both corporate and leisure
        travelers an insider view of the "big easy" by pairing them with unique
        accommodations, our carefully selected tours, and our personal recommendations
        for art, music, food and more. the best part? we do this at
        no additional cost to you!

start your experience now.

our team manages concierge services and reservations for 
      both hosted and non-hosted french quarter corporate apartments, new orleans 
      vacation rentals, hotels, guest suites, cottages, luxury condos, and guest 
      houses in and around the french quarter. nearly all of our properties offer 
      private entrances, tropical courtyards or balconies, and all have secure 
      wifi, air conditioning, private bathrooms, cable or satellite television, 
      full kitchens or at least a refrigerator, microwave, and coffee makers. 
      absolutely all are clean and safe. please note that not all properties 
      that appear on this site are available for rent. 






whether you prefer a cozy french quarter guest room with
        private bath, a spacious multi-bedroom townhouse, to be right on bourbon
        street or quietly tucked away in a french quarter courtyard, location
        can make the difference between a good stay and a great one and inn the
        quarter will find the right new orleans vacation rental for you.






let us introduce you to the new orleans we know and love.
as our guest, we invite you to take advantage of specially priced stretch limousine service from the airport, our favorite restaurant and music recommendations, competitively priced trip insurance, and assistance with reservations for just about everything from swamp tours, plantation tours, cemetery tours and garden district tours to a variety of on-site day spa services.





we look forward to hosting your stay and meeting you soon inn the quarter.


proud 
        member of
iata 
        #19-5 6860 3
 


home | specials 
  | tours | reservations 
  | events calendar | contact 
  us | reviews



	inn the quarter
	800-570-3085
  ©copyright 2003 - 2015 inn the quarter, llc 




