











krause monument company of wisconsin: cemetery gravestones






























skip to main content












home
design gallery
mausoleumshow mausoleums are designed and built
order a mausoleum

veterans markers
cremation products
services
epitaphs
about
prices
ordering
contact
 
 




















search form

search 





 
 




 
 





making monuments for wisconsin families for over 100 years







loginregister


 

call or visit a showroom in wisconsin | viroqua showroom 608-637-7726 | richland center showroom 608-647-8314 | reedsburg showroom 608-524-5355





blue menu

upright monumentssingle grave monuments
2 grave monuments
family monuments
etched monuments
granite memorial benches
monuments with prices
granite color choices

raised headstonesslant face markers
bevel top markers
headstone prices
epitaphs for headstones

flat markersmarkers for infants and children
companion markers
single markers
marker prices

etchingshand engraved scenes

veterans memorialscommunity military monuments

public work & signscivic projects
house numbers
signs

on site engraving
 
 

 
 






         			 		home        				


 








get design ideas
browse design galleries
family monuments
granite memorial benches
hand engraved scenes
monuments with prices
raised headstones
flat markers
gravestones for 2 people
public veterans memorials
headstones for 1 person



learn about monument & memorial prices
find out how much a monument, marker or memorial costs
the amount your family spends on a marker or monument is based on your budget. factors that affect the price include the intricacy of the design, the material type and size.
we can provide you with a price estimate based on your design ideas, budget and cemetery specifications.



from deposit to installation - learn how monuments are ordered, designed and delivered
 

 
 


 

 





memorial designs and pricing




 upright monuments 
  
 view designs and get pricing >  

 hand engraved scenes 
  
 view designs and get pricing >  

 raised headstones 
  
 view designs and get pricing >  

 public veterans memorials 
  
 view designs and get pricing >  

 veterans markers 
  
 view designs and get pricing >  

 flat markers 
  
 view designs and get pricing >  

 public works & signs 
  
 view designs and get pricing >  

 on-site engraving 
  
 view designs and get pricing >  

 bronze plaques 
  
 view designs and get pricing >  

 pet memorials 
  
 view designs and get pricing >  

 bronze markers 
  
 view designs and get pricing >  

 
 

about krause monument company

krause monument company designs and produces granite headstones, gravestones, grave markers, monuments and memorials for wisconsin, iowa and minnesota families to be used in cemeteries and memorial parks. to request a brochure, click here. view pictures of our work in our design gallery. click here to contact one of our showrooms.
because they were special . . .
a monument or headstone is more than just a means of marking the final resting place. it is an expression of loving remembrance to celebrate your loved ones life.
at krause monument company we design and produce our granite headstones and cemetery monuments right here in our factory, allowing us to closely supervise every step of the process. because we have cut out the middle man we can pass those savings onto you, resulting in factory direct prices. browse our website or stop in one of our stores to view our huge selection of headstone and monument designs.
we strongly urge you to take the time to get it right. when you feel the time is right, our staff can assist you with the guidance to create something special as an expression of your love. we operate 3 convenient retail showrooms located in viroqua, richland center and reedsburg, wisconsin to serve you. click here for more information about the showroom locations for the krause monument company of wisconsin. we design and manufacture flat markers and upright monuments for families that live in southwestern wisconsin, southeastern minnesota and northeastern iowa and also deliver gravestones to cemeteries located in wisconsin, minnesota, and iowa tri-state area. the experienced stonemasons, certified memorialists, memorial masons, sculptors and monumental masons at the krause monument company that design, carve and craft gravestones, headstones, cemetery markers, monuments and mausoleums are considered to be the finest in wisconsin. we have been creating distinctive raised headstones for many generations of local families. view pictures and request a price estimate by clicking on the following links:  single grave monuments, 2 grave monuments, family monuments, etched monuments, granite memorial benches, bevel top gravestones, slant face grave markers, flush or lawn level markers, hand etched monuments with hand engraved scenes, veterans's markers, public veterans memorials, flat single grave markers, flat companion "double" markers and bronze markers. granite memorial benches and cremation benches offer beautiful additions to a cemetery gravesite.
wisconsin cemetery information, rules, regulations and guidelines including directions to wisconsin cemeteries served by the krause monument company >
learn more about our company 
 
 








monument buyers guide
learn the 5 essential factors in purchasing a memorial, including colors of stone, headstone designs and customization options.download the pdf guide 



do you have a question?
talk with one of our award winning certified memorialists to get answers to your questions about monuments, headstones or grave markers.ask an expert designer 



customer testimonials
read what our customers are saying about our workmanship, gravestone design, artistry, product knowledge and service.read testimonials 



pricing and ordering info
get information about headstone, gravestone, monument, memorial and grave marker prices and ordering.download the pdf 



money back guarantee
we pride ourselves on our craftsmanship and want you to be 100% satisfied with the your family's memorial.read our guarantee 



tour our workshop
do you want to see how your family's monument will be crafted? would you like to pick out your favorite color of granite?tour our workshop 



epitaphs
there is something special to say about everyone but summarizing a life in just a few words can be very difficult.read example epitaphs 



on-site date engraving
we can engrave a date and name on-site in a cemetery by matching the style used on an existing monument or marker.on-site engraving services 



pet memorials
preserve your memories of joy with a landscape rock, dog or cat urn, etched portrait marker, bronze plaque or garden memorial.view pet memorials 



$50.00 savings coupon
save $50 on your monument or memorial purchase. print our discount coupon, cut it out and bring it to one of our showrooms.print your savings coupon 



planning ahead
how do you want to be remembered? help your loved ones make the right choice.

download the brochure 


 
 













            
 
 


call or visit a krause monument company showroom in wisconsin | viroqua, wi 608-637-7726 | richland center, wi 608-647-8314 | reedsburg, wi 608-524-5355
© 2023 krause monument company
site map | privacy policy | terms and conditions | employee logon | admin logon
 
 


  

