








richemont















































share price


                                at
                                
                                cet
                            

                                chf
                                


















home



                                                about us
                                                






about us





visit about us





ambition & values
global presence
history
corporate governance
partnerships
main foundations supported
contact us








group presentation


download









what makes richemont different?


read richemont's ambition & values












                                                our maisons
                                                






our maisons





visit our maisons & businesses




jewellery maisons

buccellati
cartier
van cleef & arpels
vhernier





specialist watchmakers

a. lange & söhne
baume & mercier
iwc schaffhausen
jaeger-lecoultre
panerai
piaget
roger dubuis
vacheron constantin





fashion & accessories / other

alaïa
chloé
delvaux
dunhill
gianvito rossi
montblanc
peter millar
purdey
serapian
timevallée
watchfinder & co.





ynap*

net-a-porter
mr porter
the outnet
yoox
online flagship stores




held for sale











                                                talent
                                                






talent





visit talent





diversity, equity & inclusion
why join us?
career areas
our schools & academia
students & graduates
view our jobs
application process








open positions


view here









meet our people!


read more












                                                investors
                                                






investors





visit investors





results, reports & presentations
press releases & news
corporate calendar
share price and tools
shareholder information
debt information
risk management
esg indices








richemont fy25 - q3 sales presentation


download









richemont fy25 - q3 sales


results, reports & presentations







swx

chf




                                            chf  bn market cap
                                        











                                                sustainability
                                                






sustainability





visit sustainability





esg management
environment
social
supply chain
governance
reports & policies
esg indices








non-financial report 2024


read more









basis of preparation 2024


read more









executive summary 2024


read more












                                                media
                                                






media





visit media





press releases & news
corporate calendar
media library
media contacts









richemont announces changes to senior executive committee and board of directors
read more









l’école middle east, school of jewelry arts, supported by van cleef & arpels, launches l’école festival
read more






richemont press office
+41 22 721 3507
pressoffice@cfrinfo.net


teneo
+44 20 7260 2700
richemont@teneo.com










join us






join us



















at richemont, we craft the future









at richemont, we craft the future
























                recent event
            

                richemont fy25 - q3 sales
            
trading update for the quarter ended 31 december 2024 due on thursday 16 january 2025. 
results, reports & presentations 
















                about us
            

                driven by craftsmanship & creativity
            
a leading luxury goods group, richemont is the owner of prestigious maisons, recognised for their excellence in jewellery, watches, fashion and accessories. as a family-spirited group, our central and regional functions pool their expertise to guide, support and challenge our maisons and businesses to design timeless creations and innovative services that preserve their unique heritage. we help our maisons and businesses thrive in new and existing markets while setting unparalleled standards for service and embedding sustainable practices across our operations. 


                             see what we do
                        

























our maisons & businesses
 















































































































                watches and wonders - geneva 2024 recap
            
from 9 april to 15 april, the heart of geneva beat to watchmaking rhythms. the general public was able to discover the novelties of countless watch brands, including 11 richemont maisons, from saturday to monday at palexpo. 
 
read more 















latest press releases and news
 



see all news





/










14 february 2025
richemont announces changes to senior executive committee and board of directors





13 february 2025
l’école middle east, school of jewelry arts, supported by van cleef & arpels, launches l’école festival





16 january 2025
richemont reports strong performance with sales up 10% for its third quarter ended 31 december 2024





17 december 2024
van cleef & arpels launches fourth edition of the ‘de mains en mains’ initiative





11 december 2024
second cohort graduates from richemont mustaqbalkom trainee programme in the united arab emirates





29 november 2024
richemont has selected kpmg as new external auditor

















sign up to our press releases & news





enter your email address


                    subscribe
                

















about us

 



                built for the long term, richemont nurtures the distinctive craftsmanship, innovative spirit and creative inspiration of its maisons and businesses.

            
 




ambition & values

 












talent

 


career areas
 








/










digital & innovation
the digital presence of our maison’s enhance our clients' experience, gathering the latest technologies and solutions to provide a unique, tailored service. your mission is to create a seamless omnichannel experience at anytime, anywhere, and on any device. 





retail
our luxury boutiques are the heart of our business and immerse clients into our maisons’ universe. your purpose is to offer our customers a truly inspirational and unique experience as well as building a lasting relationship based on trust. discover our careers in retail to craft the future.





design & creation
our design & creation teams use their imagination to conceive new iconic designs. your mission is to respect our maisons’ artist codes while adding a contemporary essence to evolve their distinctiveness and style. bring your creative flair to shape our future.





manufacturing
our manufacturing team safeguard our maisons’ know-how and innovative spirit. your mission is to craft the future by nurturing our distinctive craftsmanship to bring creative visions to life. join us in our quest for creativity, innovation, and excellence.





marketing & communication
our marketing & communication teams share our maisons' stories and enhance their identities. your mission is to articulate and communicate the legend that perfectly embodies the spirit and values of our maisons. come attract and captivate our clients.





it & technology
our it & technology teams power our business success. you mission is to act as a trusted advisor and a business partner to our maisons & businesses. you create value at an ever-increasing pace while minimising risk, enhancing existing offerings and providing deeper customer experiences. 





operations
client-centricity is at our core and our omnichannel transformation means that our maisons' products need optimum availability. your mission is to position supply chain and operations as a key pillar and engine to deliver our business ambitions and meet our clients' expectations.





finance
analytical skills and acting as a valued business partner are important to us. you provide assistance and specialised advice to make our organisation operate more efficiently and achieve our business objectives. 





legal
the digital presence of our maison’s enhance our clients experience, gathering the latest technologies adn solutions to provide a unique, tailored service. your mission is to create a seamless omni-channel experience at anytime, anywhere, and on any device. we invite you to build upon your heritage to craft the future.





human resources
you have a flair for identifying talent inside and outside our organisation and help them to harness their curiosity and creativity to reach their full potential. your mission is to support our employees during their journey, to strengthen our culture, and to promote diversity and inclusion, and equal opportunities for all.








read more

 













join richemont
explore our job opportunities

 

































contact us







                        general enquiries
                    



                        investor, analyst & rating agency contacts
                    



                        media contacts
                    



                        report your compliance concerns
                    






sign up to our press releases & news 





enter your email address


                    →
                








































close






 






explore







                        home
                    



                        about us
                    



                        our maisons
                    



                        talent
                    



                        investors
                    



                        sustainability
                    



                        media
                    










site information








                    accessibility statement

                        



 





                        credits
                    



                        faq
                    



                        cookie policy
                    



                        cookie center
                    



                        media centre terms of use
                    



                        privacy policy
                    



                        talent privacy policy
                    



                        terms of use
                    



                        california privacy rights
                    



                        do not sell/share my personal information
                    



                        sitemap
                    














                    © compagnie financière richemont sa 2025
                





