






















































    abigail's hotel official site | b&b charm and modern luxury in victoria, bc
  














                 


 


  book now







       accommodations



  specials



  dining





   explore victoria


   local activities



  local restaurants





  about us


   guest in-room binder



  gallery



  policies and faqs



  gift cards





  contact












    
 





      


  



   

     find historic charm and modern luxury in victoria, bc, canada

 welcome to abigail's hotel


 #2 best hotel in canada

located in romantic victoria, british columbia, abigail’s is quietly situated on the edge of the bustling downtown core and is three short blocks from victoria’s inner harbour, within walking distance of all the major downtown attractions and restaurants. life is too short to be conventional, discover a splendour and charm that has been lost to the ages and uniquely exists at abigail’s.
  

check availability







    a unique accommodation experience…

 enjoy the cozy atmosphere


among hotels in canada, no destination combines old world charm and romantic luxury like abigail’s hotel. situated in the heart of downtown victoria, bc, we are a unique accommodation experience that blurs the lines between a small luxury hotel and a heritage bed-and-breakfast inn.
abigail’s is an adult-only, intimate 30-room property that is housed in a 1930’s tudor mansion.
  

view rooms




    why choose abigail's hotel

 reasons to book with us




        



  historic charm
 immerse yourself in the charm of victoria's history by booking directly with us. our boutique hotel, housed in a beautifully restored mansion, offers a unique blend of modern luxury and historic elegance.



      ionicons-v5-g





  comfort and luxury
 experience the epitome of comfort in our well-appointed rooms and suites. each space is meticulously designed with a keen attention to detail, ensuring a luxurious and relaxing stay for every guest.



      
 




  culinary excellence
 indulge your palate with our three-course breakfast. booking through our website grants you access to a culinary journey, where locally inspired dishes are crafted with passion and served in an intimate and inviting atmosphere.





          


  


  


  





  exceptional hospitality
 enjoy a seamless and personalized experience from the moment you book. our dedicated staff goes above and beyond to cater to your needs, ensuring a memorable and delightful stay at abigail's hotel.



      



  convenient location
 benefit from our strategic location that places you within walking distance of victoria's top attractions. explore the city's vibrant culture, historic sites, and scenic beauty with ease when you book your stay on abigail's hotel.



      



  exclusive offers
 unlock exclusive deals and add-ons by booking directly on our website. enjoy added value, from discounted rates to complimentary amenities, making your stay at abigail's hotel even more enticing and economical.





       indulge in our wonders




       

  unsurpassed taste....
awaken the senseswe welcome you to savour a distinctive assortment of our chef’s creations.
  

view options




  

  enhance your stay
specials and add-onsenhance your stay with one of our add-ons, such as chocolate covered strawberries, a bottle of wine or one of our delicous appetizer trays.
  

see all specials




  

  unsurpassed luxury...
treat yourself enjoy luxury that is personalized, professional and a service team that passionately pursues guest comfort.
  

see rooms













    explore victoria, canada

 local activities


hiking, whale-watching, fine dining, and more! abigail’s is in the heart of all the action. explore our collection of local activities, favorite restaurants, and tour operators in the area so you can adventure stress-free. 

  

explore victoria




       our reviews

 what our guests say


★★★★★“this is the second time we have stayed in this hotel while visiting victoria. this hotel is walking distance to the inner harbour and fishermans wharf. the breakfast and afternoon snacks are first class, quality food. the staff cannot do enough for you. with covid, i found they took extra steps to ensure the room was deep cleaned and all precautions were taken to keep the staff and yourselves healthy. i would stay here again an highly recommend this hotel to anyone. you will not be disappointed.”shirley d.★★★★★“i was looking to surprise my girlfriend with a romantic night away. the location only 2 blocks from our favourite restaurant was perfect. the staff ensured our stay was everything i had hoped for, attentive to every detail and full of positive energy. thank you, abigail's.”brad g.★★★★★“this hotel is so charming in every way. from the staff to the room decor to the gardens it’s absolutely warm and inviting. they serve a delicious choice of breakfast. they offer good quality amenities and offer coffee and tea in the main entrance at all times. i highly recommend this charming hotel when visiting victoria. please note there are no elevators but the building is only three stories high.”joann r.★★★★★“this is the second time we have stayed in this hotel while visiting victoria. this hotel is walking distance to the inner harbour and fishermans wharf. the breakfast and afternoon snacks are first class, quality food. the staff cannot do enough for you. with covid, i found they took extra steps to ensure the room was deep cleaned and all precautions were taken to keep the staff and yourselves healthy. i would stay here again an highly recommend this hotel to anyone. you will not be disappointed.”shirley d.★★★★★“i was looking to surprise my girlfriend with a romantic night away. the location only 2 blocks from our favourite restaurant was perfect. the staff ensured our stay was everything i had hoped for, attentive to every detail and full of positive energy. thank you, abigail's.”brad g.



   

 




 




     

abigailshotel

    

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button















       


 contact us
906 mcclure st victoria, bc, canada, v8v 3e7phone:

250-388-5363toll:  1-800-561-6565fax:  250-361-1905email:  innkeeper@abigailshotel.com

 keep in touch
stay connected with updates and exclusive email offers delivered right to your inbox.
 keep in touch
   email

 free text







thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message. please try again later.




    


  contact us

906 mcclure st victoria, bc, canada, v8v 3e7phone:

250-388-5363toll:  1-800-561-6565fax:  250-361-1905email:  innkeeper@abigailshotel.com

  quick links

accommodationsexplore victoriaspecialsdiningcontact usbook your stay

  keep in touch

stay connected with updates and exclusive email offers delivered right to your inbox.
 keep in touch
   email

 free text







thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message. please try again later.




     © 2025 
all rights reserved | abigail's hotel | privacy policy 
| accessibility 
|  powered by cloudbeds



     

 

 

 

 











 































































































  
  share by:




















