








rp lighting+fans - supplier for electrical distributors & lighting showrooms






























































 








 


rp lighting + fanslighting and fans
home
products

new products
bath fans
ceiling fans
recessed lighting
wall / ceiling mount
vanity lighting
linear / under cabinet
exit / emergency
decorative suspended
outdoor lighting
step lighting
track lighting
closeout


about

about
learn more
showcase
contact
careers


catalog
support

support
representative locator
warranty











login | registerjoin our email list




			ceiling fans
		





				recessed lighting
		






				wall / ceiling mount
		






				vanity lighting
		






				decorative suspended
		






				linear / under cabinet
		






				exit & emergency
		






				outdoor lighting
		






				step lighting
		






				track lighting
		






				new products
		






				energy star
		






				ja8
		






				title 20
		






				dlc
		


learn more
the economic impact of led lighting: saving money for businesses and consumersin recent years, leds have revolutionized the lighting industry, offering a highly efficient and cost-effective alternative to traditional incandescent and fluorescent bulbs. this shift has had a profound economic impact, resulting in significant savings for both businesses and consumers. how can leds help you and your business? how can consumers save money and energy with […]

sustainability
in an effort to promote energy efficiency and recognizing the importance of energy conservation, rp lighting has developed multiple products in each of our lighting and ceiling fan categories that are energy star qualified. read more...


^



















rp lighting ∙ fans
4931 paseo del norte ne,
albuquerque, nm 87113
call: 505.821.6964
email us!
.



© 2025 · rp lighting + fans - albuquerque, new mexico |

	website hosting by network services group, llc
 |

	seo by michigan seo group



	privacy policy |


	terms of use |


	do not sell or share my personal information



	ca privacy rights |


	cookie policy

this website uses cookies to improve user experience. by using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept






























