    
	home
           








            menu        



cart

    mba news       events      resources      careers      login         my profile    back     view profile  log out       



join the mba


renew membership





membership



back


membership

join the mba


dues structure and rates


2025 mba annual dinner


new lawyer resources


diversity, equity and inclusion


section councils and division


committees & task forces


membership advantages


decisis


ethical inquiries 


fee arbitration board


volunteer opportunities


lawyer well-being


professor frank e.a. sander award in dispute resolution


mba leadership academy




education



back


education

upcoming cle programs


cle program resources


cle requirements 


past series


conflict resolution week 2024


33rd annual family law conference


 2024 health law conference


12th annual probate law conference


taxation law series


45th annual labor & employment spring conference


mba on demand




publications



back


publications

ejournal


ethics opinions


lawyers journal


massachusetts law review


section review


massbar beat


submission guidelines


press room


traps for the unwary




advocacy



back


advocacy

legislative activities


mba reports


amicus briefs


joint bar committee


 guide to the massachusetts judicial selection process


mba drug lab crisis resource center


mba innocence and conviction integrity initiatives




public



back


public

state of the judiciary address 2024


chief justice ralph gants fund for racial equity and access to justice


lawyer referral service


dial-a-lawyer


elder law education


fee arbitration board


judicial youth corps


law day education program


mock trial program


speakers bureau


tiered community mentoring program


helpful links 




about the mba



back


about the mba

contact us


mba leadership


employees of the mba


massachusetts bar foundation


mba insurance agency


mba bylaws


massachusetts bar institute


affiliated bar services


mba faqs




law student resources


    


search

search


















51st annual robert fuchs labor law conference
join the massachusetts bar association for its 51st annual robert fuchs labor law conference. in addition to the keynote address, the conference will include a panel discussion highlighting a year of significant developments.
learn more











seventh annual yld symposium
the mba's young lawyers division is excited to announce that it is holding its seventh annual symposium in-person on tuesday, march 25, at mba headquarters in boston.
register now









save the date: mba annual dinner 2025
the massachusetts bar association will hold its annual dinner on thursday, may 8, at the westin boston seaport district. additional event details and programming to be announced!











nominate an outstanding young lawyer
nominate a colleague for the mba’s outstanding young lawyer award, which is given to a young lawyer who has demonstrated outstanding character, leadership and legal achievement, and has contributed service to the community. nominations due monday, march 10 at 5 p.m.
nominate











2024-25 mba leadership
the mba is pleased to announce its leadership team for the 2024-25 association year, led by president victoria m. santoro.
meet your officers











meet decisis
the comprehensive and reliable legal research database you've been looking for. free for mba members. officially launching in november, take part in trainings or learn more about decisis at the link below.
learn more











mba innocence and conviction integrity initiatives
this page features helpful resources for those interested in in volunteering with the mba’s innocence initiative, resources for prosecutorial conviction integrity programs and a “timeline of progress."
review webpage











volunteer with the mba
the mba offers several opportunities for members to volunteer on community service programs like dial-a-lawyer, mock trial and others. 
learn more











massbar where you are: be-anywhere benefits
many massachusetts bar association tools and services can be accessed wherever you are, whenever you have time. take advantage of our exclusive be-anywhere benefits today.
be-anywhere benefits











chief justice ralph gants fund for racial equity and access to justice
the chief justice ralph gants fund for racial equity and access to justice supports initiatives to advance access to justice, racial equity and criminal justice reform in the legal system.
learn more




 







the massachusetts bar association will be closing for monday, feb. 17 for president's day, and will resume normal business hours on tuesday, feb. 18.









resourcesview all ›





my bar access

collaborate online with thousands of members using the mba’s proprietary social networking tool.




decisis

enjoy free, unlimited use of decisis, one of the largest online legal research libraries.




lawyer referral service

use the mba’s lawyer referral service, one of the largest legal referral services in the nation, to connect to a lawyer in your area instantly, 24/7.




insurance agency

mba members have access to exclusive insurance programs designed and negotiated by fellow lawyers.




mentormatch

join mentormatch, a virtual career development tool, which provides you with leadership and management advice.




mba on demand

never miss a seminar. watch a cle program anywhere, anytime.




update your info

keep your contact information up-to-date and don’t miss a notice about an upcoming event or volunteer opportunity.




ejournal

the mba’s weekly newsletter, with information about upcoming mba events, members in the news and more.




lawyers journal

the mba's bi-monthly newspaper includes association news, practical columns and section review articles.












recent news


thursday, february 13


read the feb. 13 mba lawyers ejournal 

ejournal


thursday, february 6


read the feb. 6 mba lawyers ejournal 

ejournal


thursday, january 30


read the jan. 30 mba lawyers ejournal 

ejournal


thursday, january 23


read the jan. 23 mba lawyers ejournal 

ejournal


thursday, january 16


read the jan. 16 mba lawyers ejournal 

ejournal




more news


 upcoming events
tuesday, february 18


 criminal justice section council meeting

5:00 p.m. – 6:30 p.m.
zoom

wednesday, february 19


 probate law section council

5:00 p.m. – 6:30 p.m.
zoom



 solo/small firm section council

5:30 p.m. – 7:00 p.m.
zoom



 zoom meeting only: young lawyers division meeting

6:00 p.m. – 7:30 p.m.
massachusetts bar association

thursday, february 20


 "sentencing in our democracy" -- suffolk university law review donahue lecture series -- u.s. distr

4:00 p.m. – 5:45 p.m.
keches room at suffolk university law school



 juvenile and child welfare section council meeting

5:30 p.m. – 7:00 p.m.
zoom



 careers in family law at suffolk law school

6:00 p.m. – 7:00 p.m.
suffolk law school

more events















become an mba member today!
join


what it means to be an mba member
incorporated in 1911, the massachusetts bar association (mba) is a non-profit organization that serves the legal profession and the public by promoting the administration of justice, legal education, professional excellence and respect for the law. a voluntary association, the mba represents a diverse group of attorneys, judges and legal professionals across the commonwealth.

“like so many others, i need to be constantly learning to keep pace with our ever-evolving profession and my go-to source is the mba. the mba’s tremendous library of programs in virtually every practice area are scheduled at convenient dates and times and offered throughout the commonwealth. and if i can’t attend in person, i know i can log-in to a webcast or access one of the many archived programs at my convenience. and it is all part of my membership benefits. so i say from my own experience, the massbar educates!”

                        mba past president marsha v. kazarosian, kazarosian costello llp, haverhill/salem,
                        
                            mba member since 1982





       contact us  

mba boston office
20 west st.
 boston, ma 02111-1204
 (617) 338-0500
freebetmariobet

 

mba western mass. office
1441 main st.  suite 925
springfield, ma 01103
(413) 788-7878

 

contact us

   

about usthe massachusetts bar association (mba) is a non-profit organization that serves the legal profession and the public by promoting the administration of justice, legal education, professional excellence and respect for the law.learn more 

 

follow usstay on top of what’s going on — and what’s coming up — at the mba.mba    

 

join useducation, advocacy, networking, volunteer and mentoring opportunities, insurance, referrals ─ these are just some of the many reasons to belong to the mba. we also provide access to services and tools to help you sharpen your practice and manage your work-life balance.join now

   



© copyright 2017 massachusetts bar association    sitemap 

 