


scalextric cars, parts, spares, track, restorations, repairs, scaletrix, online shop




















 




scalextric 
                      cars, parts and track





 
scalextric 
                      cars, parts, spares, digital and track online shop. car 
                      repairs, scalextric digital conversion and servicing.




vintage 
              and new scalextric cars, parts, spares, slot cars, and track accessories 
              from 
              1960 to the present day. all the scalextric spares and parts you'll 
              need to keep your vintage scalextric cars and track layout in great 
              working condition. scalextric car restorations 
              and services including scalextric 
              digital conversions are carried out to the 
              highest standards with the highest quality parts available. once 
              restored, your vintage scalextric car will be like new, maybe better.











need 
                      scalextric tyres? find your scalextric tyres (tires) in 
                      seconds with our unique tyre finder
7 
                      ways you can improve the track performance of your scalextric 
                      cars
view 
                    the 311 restored and new scalextric cars for sale
view 
                    the 537 scalextric spares and parts for sale
list 
                    of scalextric cars and scalextric articles




 


best 
                    selling parts


 

 
small 
                        super slix tyres, mini & escort mk1


 
large 
                        super slix tyres, porsche 911 & tr7


 
pick 
                        up assembly with braids (g30)


 
track 
                        cleaning pad set


 
pick 
                        up braids - high performance copper


 
lubrication 
                        oil (gears and bearings)


 
number 
                        decals, round and self adhesive


 
25mm 
                        x 7mm x 1.5mm neodymium magnets


 
pinion 
                        gear for motor (9z in white)


 
brass 
                        pins for pick up braids


 
slot 
                        car chassis kit








register 
                            for newsletter


 


read 
                            our blogs:











 



increase 
                the life of your guide braids
get smooth 
                clean track rails with the track polishing pad

 

only 
              £1.95







 

 hornby 
              train restorations
worldwide 
              mail order hornby locomotives, passenger coaches, trucks, wagons, 
              vans, spares, parts, track and layout shop. locomotive 
              repairs and servicing.
www.hornby-railway-trains.co.uk

 




 

 new 
              scalextric cars, parts, track and accessories


 
 scalextric 
              cars 
 scalextric 
              parts
 scalextric 
              track
 scalextric 
              accessories 
 


 




 




 

 vintage 
              scalextric parts - best offers


 
 large 
              super slix tyres
 pre-cut 
              number decals
 pick-up 
              pins
 copper 
              braids
 


 




 


 
 


 


 


 


 




 

 your 
              essential classic scalextric and slot car service parts


 
 small 
              super slix tyres

 9z 
              pinion gear

 pick-up 
              assembly

 lubricating 
              kit

 


 




 


 
 


 


 


 


 




 

scalextric 
              cars and spares - recent additions


 




 


 




 


 




 


 




 


 




 


 




 




 

  
              scalextric slot car gift vouchers 


 




 


 
 


 


 


 


 




 

 

 
 

paypal is accepted for all 
                      purchases and a  paypal account 
                      is not required







 
the scalextric car restorations gift 
        vouchers are a great gift for the scalextric and slot car enthusiast 
        in your life and are great for birthdays, christmas gifts or just because 
        you care. the gift vouchers can be used to purchase any items from scalextric 
        car restorations, from the earliest collectors cars right through to the 
        current catalogue cars. all of the spare parts available and restorations 
        services can be purchased with these scalextric gift vouchers too.
the standard classic scalextric 
        cars section contains a great range of original scalextric cars for 
        sale, all for you to enjoy. the cars are from 1960 through to the present 
        day, some of which are new and unused. all these cars are like new and 
        worthy of your great collection. the scrapyard 
        has plenty of unusual spares and cars.
        in the unique cars section 
        there is a limited offering of unique and thoughtfully modified scalextric 
        cars for you to purchase, modifications include, addition of headlights, 
        magnatraction and high quality paintwork.
        the mg 
        metro challenge uniquely offers mg metro turbo cars for sale tastefully 
        updated for this one make series. modifications include; unique body finishes 
        magnatraction and new decals. 
our contact section details our 
        e-mail addresses, postal address and directions if you want to visit us 
        in person. you can also send us an 
        email with your questions.
in the unique library 
        section you can view all the scalextric cars produced from 1960 though 
        to 2005. each scalextric catalogue from release 1 to release 46 is listed 
        with the cars available. each car is presented with its c number, description, 
        picture and key attributes. you can search 
        and browse for your specific vintage scalextric car with the unique 
        and truly powerful library 
        car viewer. you can read our published 
        articles in the library and view the list of scalextric 
        and slot car racing clubs in your area. all the available scalextric 
        service sheets are available too. there's even instructions on how 
        to program a digital scalextric car to a digital scalextric controller.
the scalextric parts section contains 
        all the scalextric parts and spares you need for your scalextric and slot 
        cars. scalextric slot car spares available include; axles 
        and bearings, body to chassis 
        fixings, plastic body 
        kits, car body spares, decals, 
        digital scalextric chips, car 
        box parts, driver heads, 
        gears and belts, guides 
        and pick-up parts, lights; leds 
        and bulbs, magnatraction magnets, 
        motors, race 
        and tune up parts, service 
        and tools, scalextric tyres (tires), 
        wheel hubs, windscreens 
        and wings and spoilers. 
        alternatively you can search 
        for the spares and parts you want. many of these scalextric parts 
        are suitable for other slot cars; artin, ninco, scx, scalextric, scx scalextric, 
        tri-ang and many more. there is also a range of airfix 
        tyres, mrrc tyres, autoart 
        tyres, carrera slot 
        car tyres and the tri-ang 
        jump jockey set are available. there are also a few automotive parts 
        available including fuel cap retaining 
        straps.
if you need tyres then the unique vintage tyre 
        finder tool is the best there is for identifying the tyres for your 
        car. this makes finding any tyre as easy as possible. there is also a 
        tyre maintenance 
        page that allows you to ensure your spare tyres are at their best 
        for any race.
the post and packing section 
        details the costs and postal services offered. you can review the postal 
        regions separately too.
if you are unsure about the restoration or service of your vintage scalextric 
        cars then take a look at the services 
        section. here is listed the typical services we can offer for the less 
        technically minded, from a simple repair to your classic scalextric cars 
        or a minor service through to a full restoration, we can do it all for 
        you. also listed are links to the clubs for the full sized cars.
in the scalextric slot 
        cars track section there are scalextric 
        classic tracks, scalextric 
        sport track pieces, scalextric track 
        maintenance, scalextric track 
        accessories scalextric power 
        supplies and controls and scalextric 
        model people figures available to purchase.
 



 

 








follow 
                    us on facebook for news items, latest scalextric releases 
                    and a general chat
 















scalextric digital | 
        scalextric cars | scalextric track | slot car | scalextric coches | scalextric 
        uk | scalextric pistas | micro scalextric | pistas de scalextric | scalextric 
        sport | 
        scalectrix | scalextrics | pista de scalextric | autos scalextric | scalextric 
        parts | scalextric shop | scalextric tienda | voiture scalextric | scalextric 
        slot cars | slot cars | 
        digital scalextric cars | slot cars track | scalextric digital system | scalextric 
        digital conversion | scalextric ebay | coches slot | circuit voiture scalextric 
        | 
        scalextric slot | scalextric slot cars | hornby slot cars | hornby scalextric 
        | scalextric spares | scalextric 2010 | scalextric spare parts | scalextric 
        car repairs | 
        summer activities | children's activities | indoor games | indoor toys 
        | rainy days | kids indoor activities | boys toys | big boys toys | indoor 
        entertainment | 
        bank holiday activities | carrera slot cars 








 





