

colin dussault's blues project :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::





























 download
                    press kit 
                   (575mb  file) 
                    
                      click to view stage layout 
                    



belt magazine:
cleveland’s blues brothers 

press links for 
mr. stress 




view the band's 
                      family tree (5mb file) 


 
kickin' it with 
                      kenny at the rock hall.

colin dussault appreared on the fox 8 morning show to promote an appearance at the 2006 ingenuity festival. colin and his band were joined on stage by harmonica aces dave morrison, mr. stress and pete cavano on guitar.

colin dussault played harmonica live on cleveland's wews news channel 5 and was   interviewed by danita harris about an upcoming show at las barras grille in   avon, lake, oh. 
left to right - 
                    ryan reith of las barras grille, danita harris, alicia booth, colin dussault & jeff mackel.

                      blues brother elwood blues (actor dan akroyd) jams with 
                      colin and the band live on the fox 8 morning news show to 
                    help promote the opening of the house of blues in cleveland!

colin 
                      & greg on wmji 105.7 w/ lannigan & malone

colin 
                      dussault with on air personalities tim kelly & kami 
                      moon and singer/ guitarist steve brownell at 
                      k-96 fm radio in huron/sandusky. 



                      colin w. the prayer warriors in a concert that aired on 
                      pax23 & fox 8 tv over the 2004 christmas holidays!



fox 8 morning show host stefani schaefer showing off her colin dussault's blues   project 20th anniversary t-shirt

























 'award 
                                winning harmonica driven, blues based, roots, 
                                rock and soul music' is what best describes the 
                                musical stylings of colin dussault's blues project. 
                                the band was formed in cleveland, ohio in may 
                                of 1989 by lead singer, songwriter, harmonica 
                                player colin dussault. in addition to dussault, the band's current lineup 
                                consists of guitarist jim feeney,  bassist john atzberger, pianist brent lane and drummer steve zavesky.
                              


 click image to view video 

if you would like to read an in depth and comprehensive 
                                  biography about colin dussault and his band click here (pdf format 4mb). 
dussault's career in music is more or less his 
                                    destiny as opposed to a vocational choice. he 
                                    was born the son of a bass playing father who 
                                    experienced some success in the musically fertile 
                                    1960's. colin's father artie played bass in several 
                                    of the top groups that worked in and around cleveland 
                                    in the late 1960's & early 1970's. in addition 
                                    to the crawling group and the blackwelles his 
                                    father worked in the united 
                                      artist records recording group audi-badoo which featured members of the aforementioned bands 
                                    in addition to former members of the tree stumps.
growing up colin spent much of his time listening 
                                    to his father's vast record collection while building 
                                    an impressive audio library of his own. while 
                                    doing so he was exposed to and absorbed a myraid 
                                    of musical styles. his musical influences range 
                                    from blind willie mctell, muddy waters, and little 
                                    walter to country joe and the fish, the youngbloods, 
                                    woody guthrie, doc watson, cream, the beatles, 
                                    bob dylan, the rolling stones, led zeppelin, frank 
                                    zappa, the left banke, buffalo springfield and 
                                    lyle lovett.


                                    in the time since the band's inception on colin's 
                                    19th birthday in 1989, colin dussault's blues 
                                    project has played literally thousands of shows 
                                    in and around cleveland, ohio western pennslyvania, 
                                    western new york, st. louis, missouri and chicago, 
                                    illinois. this busy performance 
                                      schedule has prompted more than one reviewer to call colin "the hardest working blues 
                                    man in cleveland."

                                    while maintaining an impressive list of local 
                                      club appearances, sometimes working 4 to 6 
                                    nights per week, he and his band have also shared 
                                      the stage with such luminaries as bo diddley, 
                                    the fabulous thunderbirds, buddy guy, junior wells, 
                                    bad company, robert lockwood jr., carey bell, 
                                    brian auger, james cotton, blood sweat & tears, 
                                    buckwheat zydeco, eric burdon, jeff healey, koko 
                                    taylor, and storyville.

                                    dussault's tenacity and talent have secured him 
                                    a secure place alongside cleveland area musical 
                                    stalwarts like micheal stanely, 
                                      robert lockwood jr., wallace coleman, crazy marvin, 
                                      mr. stress, travis haddix, and greg bandy.

                                    the band has released ten compact 
                                      discs and one 90 minute video all on colin's own erica records label.

                                    whether they are called upon to entertain guests 
                                    at a wedding, a corner tavern, a rib burnoff, 
                                    a private or corporate party, a yacht club, a 
                                    backyard barbecue or a fund raiser for first 
                                      lady hillary rodham clinton the band is capable 
                                    of pleasing any group of people in any situation. 
                                    they are able to do this by drawing from a set 
                                    list consisting of original music as well as blues, 
                                    rock, country, jazz, swing, folk, reggae, motown 
                                    and the occasional polka. colin and his band boast 
                                    an impressive knowledge and understanding of a 
                                    plethora of music and musical styles.

                                    if you would like to book 
                                      the band for an event or club feel free to 
                                    inquire as to colin dussault's blues project's 
                                    availability. keep in mind that the band 
                                      schedule is booked a full 12-14 months in 
                                    advance but occasionally dates open up unexpectedly. 
                                    the band can also fit gigs in before or after 
                                    events that are already booked provided the times 
                                    and locations makes it feasible to do so.

                                    if you would like additional information pertaining 
                                    to the band check out several of the numerous letters of reference that have been written on the band's behalf.

                                    thank you for visiting our web site and for your 
                                    continuing support!

                                    to contact colin or any of the band members you 
                                  can email us at: colindussault@gmail.com
colin dussault - "known as the songbird of his generation by those who know him" 

 


 
 colin, fred, & jimmy  at tower city amphitheater   opening for jonny lang. (photo by renee schroyer)


                              colin, eroc sosinski & jim tigue enjoying a laugh at suma recording studios                              
special thanks to these media outlets for their continued support of the band!















 















 
 





 


special thanks to the wonderful people at calzone/anvil for all of their incredible customer service and help!                      







read about robert lockwood jr. 

 colin 
                        dussault's blues project and the band rosavelt 
                      were invited to open up for bruce springsteen at the john 
                          kerry 2004 election eve presidential rally held in downtown 
                    cleveland!

colin 
                      dussault, greg hurd, fred tobey & robbie the roadie 
                      appeared live on jim chenot's radio sandbox on 91.3 fm the 
                      summit in akron, ohio to promote the release of their 6th 
                    cd - "not tonight baby, i've got the blues"


wcpn 
                      90.3fm
                      dee perry & the band


learn 
                      about
                      tidioute, pa
                      the town and the song!


view the worst album covers ever!
                    (pdf - need adobe acrobat reader to view)  
 
(click for tribute)     











special thanks to our good friends at wmji 105.7 for their continued support of   the band.

















