







welcome - charlotte laws








































skip to content







charlotte laws

journalist and author – official website for articles







menu
welcomeanimals and environmentcalifornia chicken runs for vice presidentmy adventure presenting animal rights philosophy to the fbiare you the terrorist next door?guess who’s coming to dinner? the controversial peter singerfrom democracy to omniocracyanother doomsday, another dollar: shifting science toward peace and ecologyi committed a crime. the government calls it terrorismcommunitya fence is no offensebob blumenfeld: mr. bobblehead of home-sharingclowns, casinos and men full of cashcaught in a community college stereotypethe bad seed of circumstance?religion vs. the sprinkler policetabs parselle: captured by the nazis and a witness to the great escapegenetics, judaism, and finding my birth familyentertainmentbill cosby and drugging: my 34-year-old secretemergency delivery for g. clooney: my life as an a-list party crashergoing undercover to be donald trump’s apprenticeq and a with charlotte laws about her romance with tom jones and her memoirfundraiser maniahow to fake your way into a celebrity partyit’s my party and i’ll crash if i want tome and owen wilson: the gatecrasher and the wedding crasherhousingmuch ado about mansionization?rent control rehab for the well-heeledbring back no-qualifying loans for covid-19 relieflandlords are people toolandlords are not the devilthe short-sighted war on real estatehumorseat filling for the stars: sitting pretty or slave labor?miss hooker beauty pageant: naked facts about women and equalitynatalie portman’s $600 carton of eggs: the black swan and the chickenthe diet of distractionmy wacky attempt to reunite with tom jonesoprah, me and reality tva short story about my very big crush on a very dead guythe three-step persistence planhiding from michael jacksonnationalhappiness, history and colin quinnconfessions of an adopted childpolls and the power of self-manipulationdonald trump, culture and the big bad wolf of a kissmichael jackson and medical paternalismreal thoughts on fake liveshold the msg: it’s not risk-freeremoving intelligence from americadesperately seeking dnapoliticsconfessions of a closet trump supporterdon’t be fooled: presidential candidates need racist votesstephen colbert smokes out political ickinessgnomes, smiley faces and the l.a. gay debatewhy donald trump is a feministdonald trump: the bull in a china shopparty crashing for political access: schwarzenegger and my pantsuitalthough i am vaccine-hesitant, i got my first covid-19 jabtrump was right about charlottesville but not for the reason he thinksi voted for trump – now i support tulsi gabbardtechnologygentlemen prefer blogsmy dangerous war against the most hated man on the internetcyber rape and suicideface-time with mr. nasty, a revenge porn kingpincontact 













































welcome 

this website is a collection of some of dr. charlotte laws’ articles. they are organized by category, although most pieces could fall under more than one heading. 
who is charlotte laws? 
laws has authored bestselling books as well as articles in noted publications, such as the washington post, salon, the l.a. daily news, huffington post, gawker, newsweek, the ny daily news, and the los angeles times. she starred on the nbc show, the filter with fred roggin and hosted her own los angeles tv show in the 2000s. on both shows, she discussed news and current events. one of her “filter” episodes was nominated for an emmy.. laws was a regular political pundit on bbc television—a gig that she had for six years – until 2021. she is the star of the 2022 netflix docuseries, the most hated man on the internet.
laws has made hundreds of tv appearances (i.e. on cnn, nightline, fox news, msnbc, oprah winfrey, the late show and larry king live), and she has been the subject of articles in the new york times, the san francisco chronicle, the daily beast, the new york post, the guardian, the associated press, and the new yorker, to name a few. 
laws authored the books: undercover debutante (2019), devil in the basement (2018), rebel in high heels (2015), and meet the stars (1988). she has also contributed to academic anthologies and is currently completing research for two forthcoming books. to order her most recent book, undercover debutante, go to barnes and noble or amazon. 
laws was a los angeles politician for eight years and has worked with the fbi. she has experimented with over 30 different occupations, some of them quite unusual. she has been an actress, a cab driver, a private investigator, a stand up comic, a backup singer for an elvis imitator, a city commissioner, an executive director for a legal corporation, and a bodyguard for a prostitute.


laws was voted one of the “thirty fiercest women in the world” by buzzfeed, and she is the recipient of the los angeles animal humanitarian award. 
she has a doctorate from the university of southern california as well as two master’s degrees and two bachelor’s degrees. she completed post-doctoral work at oxford university, england.
laws is an internationally-known animal advocate and anti-revenge porn activist (often called “the erin brockovich of revenge porn”). she lives in los angeles with her husband, her rescue dogs, and an assortment of rescue hens.  
for additional information, check out charlotte’s other websites: charlottelaws.com and charlottelaws.net  you can follow her on twitter: @charlottelaws and on instagram at @drcharlottelaws 










copyright © 2025 charlotte laws. all rights reserved.theme: accelerate by themegrill. powered by wordpress. 












