





secrets of the code











 


new york times, wall street journal, usa today and publisher's weekly bestseller
		* worldwide bestseller; 28 foreign editions	
		* more than 3 million copies of the “secrets” books in print
		* basis for feature documentary and special edition of us news & world report 
unravel the secrets! 
secrets of the code and the rest of the secrets series offer sweeping tours, guided by renowned experts, that will help you separate fact from fiction, satisfy your curiosity, and engage your imagination. they are the ultimate guidebooks for exploring the stories behind some of the most compelling cultural phenomena of our time.











secrets of the code

about the book

from the book 

the secrets series 

press room

films & dvds

about us

contact us








secrets: the reviews


“after reading 11 debunker books, i consider dan burstein’s secrets of the code to be the best of the lot.”
				       -- marcia ford, faithfulreader.com
“secrets of the code is a veritable da vinci code encyclopedia.”  -- the rough guide to the da vinci code

“for starters, burstein unravels a hidden message on the dust jacket of the hardcover edition, and, unlike the others, he doesn't attack the book from a religious standpoint.” -- wall street journal

“secrets of the code is one of the best of a recent boomlet of books … a collection of various scholarly and critical opinions.” -- reader’s digest

“secrets of the code is a fun and interesting read.” -- national catholic reporter
“…an impressively thorough collection of essays about every aspect of the da vinci code… it’s the best of all the books i read.” -- frederick zimmerman, solomon key and beyond (blog)

“if the da vinci code  interests you, i cannot recommend too highly the secrets of the code . . .  it is more interesting than the original book.” -- norbert spehner, revue alibis

“a really terrific collection of essays by scholars and alternative thinkers.” -- magdaleneage.com

“secrets of the code is an excellent resource—and gripping read unto itself.” -- westport magazine

“in bringing such questions and scholarly voices together into the wider public domain, burstein has done us a service.” -- anthony egan, mail & guardian

“dan burstein’s skills as a journalist are evident throughout this book.” -- christianbook.com

“secrets of angels & demons . . . contains eye-opening, thought-provoking essays from  noted scholars, thinkers, and experts . . .” -- u.s. news & world report

“regardless of whether you've read brown's novel, secrets of angels & demons is a fascinating browse.” -- lexington herald-leader

“for any fan of dan brown—and they now number in the millions—secrets of the widow’s son is not to be missed.” -- allan paul curtis, who-dunnit.com

“for readers fascinated by dan brown's works (and curious about the successor to the da vinci code), secrets of the widow’s son will increase their pleasure.” -- steven c. bullock, historian

“secrets of the widow’s son explores the history and symbols of the freemasons with many little-known facts and stories of their early beginnings.” -- barbara fielding, choice.com

“secrets of the widow's son is unique because it comes not in response to a brown novel, but as herald to one . . .” -- mark harrison, the times-journal

“if . . . you’re just dying to read about the conjunction of freemasonry, the founding fathers, and the nation’s capital, secrets of the widow’s son . . . is there for you.” -- the washington post



dan burstein on "the cardinal vs. the code controversy"









discover the entire secrets series ...























     copyright â© 2006 squibnocket partners llc 

secrets of the code is a registered trademark of squibnocket partners llc    











