






quotations and sayings – the essence of quotations in 2025















































search for:






quotations and sayings






main menu
skip to content
home
about the site
find quotes
sitemap
archives
privacy
other sites
 




 



quotes about autumn




what is it about the fall season that leads us to seek out quotes and sayings about autumn?  is it the change in the leaves?  is the drop in temperatures?  do we feel nostalgic for those days of our youth…
read more →

 

william shakespeare quotes




shakespeare love quotes – william shakespeare quotations william shakespeare is considered the best writer of the english language and arguably the greatest writer who’s ever lived. given the spread of the english language around the globe and the many languages…
read more →

 

mark twain quotes




famous quotations by mark twain samuel langhorne clemens, better known by his pen name mark twain, was an american author and humorist. he is noted for his novels adventures of huckleberry finn (1885), called the great american novel, and the…
read more →

 

maya angelou quotes




famous & inspirational angelou quotes the following are a collection of our favorite maya angelou quotes. many of angelou’s speeches and writings have been made famous due to her activity in the civil rights movement. in this collection we’ve also…
read more →

 

eric clapton quotes




clapton quotes – quotes about eric clapton a comprehensive collection of eric clapton quotes and quotations compiled by quotes and sayings.com with the assistance of various clapton websites. eric clapton biography source: the columbia encyclopedia, sixth edition. 2001 born 1945.…
read more →

 

dh lawrence quotes




d. h. lawrence quotations author, poet, playwright and essayist are all words that describe d. h. lawrence, who was also a well known literary critic. is it any wonder that someone of his pedigree would have so much say and…
read more →

 

bruce lee quotes




bruce lee quotations bruce lee is most commonly known as the american-born martial artist who was raised in hong kong, china and later became a hollywood legend. however, there are many who also appreciate bruce lee as philosopher and instructor. …
read more →

 

arthur miller quotes




arthur miller quotations – the crucible quotes arthur miller was a famous 20th century playwright. he is best known for his plays death of a salesman and the crucible. this page features some of the more famous and clever arthur…
read more →

 

aristotle quotes




famous aristotle quotes and quotations aristotle was a greekphilosopher. aristotle is one of the most famous greek philosophers, and theonly greek philosophers who approaches the same kind of fame are socrates andplato. aristotle wrote about and spoke about a wide…
read more →

 

frank sinatra quotes




famous sayings by frank sinatra frank sinatra is one of the greatest singers and performers that ever lived. his music, movies, and attitude defined our nation for many years.  he is considered by many to be the top entertainer of…
read more →

 

mother of invention




quotes, quotations, and sayings about motherhood creativity is the subject of much research and discourse.  we have a philosophy of creativity that is characterized by seeking new solutions to old problems, especially when older solutions turn out to be problematic.…
read more →

 

love quotes and sayings




love quotes for your special someone if you’re in a long-term relationship it would be smart for you to keep a few love quotes in the back of your mind. whether you want something sweet to say to cover for…
read more →

 
page 1 of 71
2
3
…
7
» 

search our main site

search for:



most popular articles

da ali g quotations and sayings


step brothers quotes


national and cultural proverbs and wise sayings collection


quotes from the hangover


famous quotes and sayings about india


quotes about the wise and the fools


how to attribute quotes in an article


quotes on the 3 things


how to study the book of proverbs


tom petty quotes


quotes pages on the old site site sections

quotes by author
quotes by region
quotes by subject
seasonal quotes

other quotations

choosing a quotation
education is
mother of invention
selected quotation set

books & writing

poetry
selected article extracts

miscellaneous

instructions for life
live life again
image trivia quiz
the us independence declaration
the un ideal

more links

awards
helpful links
welcome message


from: zanyish7 tips for managing your personal cybersecurity
safeguarding one’s digital presence is a critical endeavor. here are seven common questions people often ask when striving to enhance their online security. from crafting robust passwords to identifying and mitigating phishing scams, each query addresses a fundamental aspect of…
read more →
 
 
 



copyright © 2001-2025 quotations and sayings. all rights reserved.














