





        coin collecting and numismatics         :        american numismatic association    









coin collecting and numismatics












































 


 





















return home


donate
join





 

explore ana
events
money museum
publications
education
library
about us
dealer directory
 








open menu













close menu

explore ana
events
money museum
publications
education
library
about us
dealer directory
 





 

donate
join






preview unavailable.




            events & learning        

            young collectors        

            tools & resources        

            the money museum        

            ana publications        









explore the ana
explore the many resources available from the ana, including coin collecting tools, educational opportunities including online webinars and summer seminar, numismatic events, and coin shows like the ana’s annual world’s fair of money®  and  national money show®.




read more







the money museum
through the discovery of money, america’s largest museum dedicated to numismatics brings culture to life. find general information, explore virtual exhibits, and take a  vr tour  of the museum.




read more







ana publications
members enjoy access to two premier publications: the numismatist, the ana’s official monthly publication; and the reading room, an online magazine tailor-made for the digital-era collector.




read more






coin collecting events & learning opportunities





learn about ana hosted numismatic events like the annual world’s fair of money, sharpen your coin collecting skills by attending a workshop, and discover opportunities to further your numismatic education with our technical seminars, live webinars and online degree program.












national money show®
february 27-march 1, 2025

the 2025 national money show is coming to atlanta, ga, from february 27-march 1! don’t miss the opportunity to buy, sell, and trade an incredible variety of coins and paper currency with dealers from across the country. enjoy fascinating educational exhibits, seminars, and discussions that cater to both experienced collectors and beginners.
it’s the perfect setting to immerse yourself in numismatics, meet fellow enthusiasts, and discover unique treasures to enhance your collection.




read more







national coin week
april 20-26, 2025
iconic change: pop culture & coins unite!
normally when we think of pop culture, we picture movie stars, superheroes, and music icons. but pop culture is much more—it’s a mirror of society, reflecting its beliefs, values, actions, and the popular trends of a given time. beyond entertainment, pop culture has the power to drive social change and raise awareness about important issues, shaping the way the world is seen. the 2025 event will focus on how pop culture has been represented in numismatics throughout the years.




read more







world’s fair of money®
august 19-23, 2025
experience the world of numismatics at its finest at the 2025 world’s fair of money, august 19-23. join us at the oklahoma city convention center for one of the largest coin and currency shows in the country. this event offers a unique opportunity to explore an extensive marketplace of rare coins, banknotes, and exonumia from around the world, with hundreds of dealers, educational seminars, and special exhibits. whether you’re a passionate collector or just getting started, this is a must-attend event for anyone interested in the fascinating world of money.




read more







ana education

explore. study. connect.
dive into a treasure trove of articles, videos, tutorials, and interactive resources crafted by experts in the field. from exploring the rich history behind rare coins to mastering the intricacies of grading and authentication, there’s something here for everyone.


					learn more				











numismatalks live webinars
explore. study. connect. join us twice a month — on the second and fourth thursday from 12pm to 1pm mt — for live webinars on all things numismatic. there hour-long presentations are free to attend.
join us march 13 at noon (mt) for a short history of the suez canal as told by coins, tokens, and medals, with instructor gamal amer, ph. d. register now!




read more







elearning academy
designed to deliver numismatic knowledge on an online platform, the elearning academy provides ana members with a variety of engaging educational programs, including the aristotle’s vault video series, numismatalks webinars, the numismatic diploma program, youth activities and more.




read more








summer seminar

summer seminar is a once-a-year opportunity for numismatic learning and camaraderie that offers students a varied selection of weeklong courses designed for discovery or continued study. for many students, summer seminar is a life-changing event; it has catapulted the careers of several of the nation’s most respected collectors, authors and dealers.



					learn more				







explore learning opportunities




explore upcoming ana events




future convention information











ana featured content: aristotle’s vault

based on the idea of the platonic academy (where ancient greek scholars met to share philosophy), aristotle’s vault provides a platform for numismatic “philosophers” and educators to provide their knowledge to others. think of it as a “hall of numismatic thought.” each course is called a forum, and forums are broken into episodes for your enjoyment. explore advanced u.s. coin grading and problem coins with jeff garrett and don ketterling, and introduction to counterfeit and alteration detection with brian silliman & jim robinson. 


                    learn more                







young numismatists

join the world’s largest coin club. earn real coins for participating in fun educational activities, learn about numismatics, and make new friends when you join the ana’s young numismatist (yn) program.
find out how you can receive a free package of fun collectibles with membership while supplies last!


					learn more				






coin collecting tools & resources
explore numismatic resources and tools for coin collectors of all levels, including the ana’s educational video vignettes series, numismatic reference lists, consumer awareness information, tools for teachers, our morgan dollar grading set and more!







find coin buyers, sellers & appraisers
find coin dealers across the street and across the country! explore our searchable database of thousands of ana member dealers. locate dealers by keyword, numismatic specialty, location, business name and more.




read more







coin club directory
are you interested in discovering and exploring the world of money with other people who share your interests? join a coin club! there are more than 300 ana member coin clubs in the united states and other countries. the club directory can help you find a club based on your location and/or collecting interests.




read more







coin collecting video archive

dive into the fascinating world of money with our extensive video archive, including aristotle’s vault, numismatalks, the money museum masterpiece series and more. perfect for collectors of all levels, this collection offers invaluable insights and inspiration to enrich your numismatic journey.


					watch now				











numismatic lending library
ana members can conveniently access the world’s largest numismatic lending library, and its more than 128,000 books, auction catalogs, periodicals, videos and dvds.




read more







digital content library
the ana offers an abundance of digital content and online programs to keep you informed, entertained and connected.




read more







two bits podcast
enjoy two bits, the american numismatic association’s podcast about the wonderful world of coins and currency.




read more





explore additional resources







edward c. rochette money museum

the museum includes exhibits in three main galleries, where visitors can find spectacular rarities and learn about the history of our nation and the world as seen through money.


					explore the money museum				






ana publications







the numismatist
the numismatist—the official publication of the american numismatic association—focuses on the fun, the history, and the allure of coin collecting. enjoy columns and features written by leading experts covering all facets of the hobby.




read more







the reading room
the reading room – catered to the digitally savvy collector, this online magazine offers breaking news stories, op-eds from up-and-coming voices in the hobby, exclusive columns and features, and audio versions of articles so you can listen on the go.




read more

















return to top






the american numismatic association is a nonprofit educational organization dedicated to educating and encouraging people to study and collect coins and related items. the association serves collectors, the general public, and academic communities with an interest in numismatics.

					american numismatic association copyright 2025				



address
					818 north cascade ave.,
colorado springs, co 80903					
phone
					general: 
						800-367-9723
					membership: 
						800-514-2646





facebook





instagram





twitter





youtube




privacy
terms






explore ana
collector resources

consumer awareness
club directory
coin dealer directory
video directory
teacher tools
numismatic faqs


education

numismatalks
diploma program
technical seminars
recorded webinars
apply to present


young numismatists

yn activities
yn auctions
summer seminar
yn awards
college scholarship
scouts
youth membership offer


community

dealers

dealer directory


clubs

club directory
district representatives


awards
blogs

ana coin press
tales from the vault
ana member blog


two bits podcast
member forum
numismatic job board


library

catalog
research services
library policies

renewals, late & overdue procedures
library donation policies


bass numismatic index
dwight n. manley


 

ana events
conventions
seminars
national coin week
online learning
events calendar
collector exhibits
 

money museum
plan your visit

admission specials


featured exhibits & attractions

americana gallery
the history of money
the medal in america
mini mint
kids zone
field trips


explore the museum online

virtual exhibits
virtual tours
online collection database
tales from the vault blog
museum masterpiece videos


online store & monthly auction
about the museum

edward c. rochette
gift acceptance policies
become a docent


 

ana publications
reading room
the numismatist
subscribe

free preview issue


member access

digital editions
online archives
download app


submit an article
advertise in the numismatist
 

about us
our mission
news
history
finance & operations

board of governors
election center
committees


contact us
advertise with us
member benefits
 























