honolulu hotels: find honolulu hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontacthonolulu hotels - homepageespañolmobile versiongroup hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > honolulu homepagehonolulu hotelshotel posts“on sans souci beach”“set on sans souci beach next to kapiolani park, this hotel is 3 miles from diamond head c…”posted by: otani kaimana beach hotel“easy access to island attractions”“our waikiki beach hotel offers rest and relaxation in honolulu hi. enjoy spacious accommo…”posted by: holiday inn waikiki beachcomber resort“an apartment styled hotel in central oahu on pearl harbor”“apartment styled rooms designed for extended stay, full and partial kitchens.…”posted by: harbor arms apartment hotelhotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“not for drivers”lt, hilo - “ok as long as you're not driving your own vehicle. the one …”said about: ohana waikiki west“disappointed”deborah , madison - “stayed in room 1018. blinds were broken and would not close…”said about: outrigger waikiki shore condominium resort“excellent property for long term stay”david, saskatoon - “we have been staying at the ewa hotel for a number of years…”said about: ewa hotel waikikireaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » (try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for honolulu, hawaii!

honolulu -- capital city and heart of hawaii -- serves as an idyllic springboard for exploring wonders of the island of oahu, rich in outdoor recreation from mountainous biking and hiking trails, to scuba diving with or without instructors, to lounging on white sand beaches. encircling the island's two mountain ranges, shorelines have distinct allure. oahu's west side, home to the aloha flea market, is popular among anglers, while the east shore with its tradewinds and frequent rainbows is most appropriate for snorkeling, windsurfing and sailing. to the north, there's skydiving and glider action at dillingham airfield. on the south, waikiki beach, a familiar scene thanks to exposure in countless movies and postcards, is a sunbathing nirvana. the island's golf course fairways frequently have lush rainforest or lava rock substituting for rough. honolulu -- billing itself as a historic city where east meets west -- showcases its charms in many buildings dating to first encounters between natives and missionaries. landmarks and museums convey chronology of hawaii's royalty. oahu, and honolulu in particular, are also is rich in culinary offerings, with restaurants specializing in authentic hawaiian fare as well as dishes from around the world. oahu's spas -- many concentrated in waikiki within a barefoot stroll of the shoreline -- embrace benefits of nature, and yoga or tai chi classes often are conducted on the beach. lodging ranges from quaint guest houses and villas to luxury beachside resorts.

we have organized our listings of honolulu's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater honolulu area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·waikiki beach
the largest concentration of hotels is in the world-famous waikiki beach area. most hotels are located a few blocks from the shore, but many are located directly on the beach itself. 

·diamond head
hotels in the diamond head area, featuring kaimana beach, just minutes from the excitement of waikiki, yet separated by a quiet expanse of parks and beaches. 

·honolulu airport
hotels located near the honolulu international airport (hnl). 

·honolulu
hotels in the greater honolulu area outside of the above areas. 

·downtown honolulu
hotel options in the downtown honolulu area. 




browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide honolulu home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: there are only 12 letters in the hawaiian alphabet, the vowels a, e, i, o and u and consonants h, k, l, m, n, p and w. 
« top of pageadjacent links:kauai hotelsmolokai hotels related links:maui hotelshawaii hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse dayacapulco hotelsanchorage hotelshong kong hotelslos angeles hotelslos cabos hotelsmazatlan hotelsmelbourne hotelsmonterey hotelsorange county hotelspuerto vallarta hotelssan diego hotelssan francisco hotelssan jose hotelssanta barbara hotelssantiago hotelssydney hotelstokyo hotelsother versions:honolulu guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > honolulu homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the honolulu hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide honolulu are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguidediningguidehotelguideattractionguidecruiseguidemore locations...
honolulu hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesewa hotel waikikioutrigger waikiki shore condominium resortisland colonyresortquest waikiki beachside hoteloutrigger luana waikikiwaikiki beach condohalekulani hotelmarriott waikiki beachhilton hawaiian village beach resort & spaaston honolulu princehyatt regency waikiki resortthe kahala hotel & resortmiramar at waikikiwaikiki resort hotelpark shore hotel waikikihotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





