



capture images, video and audio easily with capturewiz screen capture software.













                what's newin version 8?





pixelmetrics
contact
support
newsletter

sign-in



capturewiz 8

features
download
buy
reviews
specs



faster, easier & smarter
than windows screen capture!




















faster and easier

fast starts
                start captures from a little tab that's always available at the edge of your screen, saving steps.
                or, start captures by hotkey or the windows taskbar.




                fast starts
            




guided capture
                simple tools walk you through the steps for capturing anything.

window detection
                capture windows with a single click.





                one-click window capture
            




streamlined workflow
                our in-out workflow reduces clicks and saves time.




                in-out workflow
            



video recording made simple



create high-quality mp4 videos
                record anything on your screen with just two clicks, start and stop.
                (but not video players provided by cable services.)

multi-recording
                record multiple videos simultaneously, each with its own duration.

            


                simple video recording
            




audio capture
                capture stereo music, or your voice, to high-fidelity wav files.


 

                record stereo audio
            



professional results





pixel-perfect accuracy
                    capturewiz makes an exact copy of your selected pixels,
                    and it lets you select a precise screen area by pressing arrow keys or dragging the
                    mouse.

resize and add borders
                    after capturing, you can easily resize screenshots to fit their destinations and add a professional
                    border.



                resize captures easily
            





work smarter

scroll capture
                effortlessly capture the full content of windows that scroll, such as lengthy web pages, extensive spreadsheets, or long lists.
                you can scroll in any direction, starting from any point, making it easy to grab it all or any portion.
                see the tool in action in this demo.






                capture scrolling windows
            




sticky notes
                transform your screenshots into sticky notes to keep crucial information visible and accessible.
                stretch them to reveal details, or shrink them out of your way.
                make stickies translucent, borderless, or hidden as needed.






                keep important info visible
            




versatile output tools
                you get standard tools like copy and save, plus new ones like resize, border, and name.
                our edit button can open captures in your preferred editor,
                and our print button can enlarge or shrink captures to fit a page.


 

                a tool for every need
            




fastback viewer
                every capture is automatically saved to our fastback viewer,
                where you can quickly browse through your collection with just a spin of the mouse wheel.
                large pop-up previews help you identify captures at a glance,
                and the thin design makes it easy to drag captures to other apps.
                



            find captures fast 






















            use capturewiz dailyto explain, remember and organize.
        

            capturewiz will become your go-to productivity tool when you see how quick and handy it is.
            take notes, keep records and create checklists by capturing instead of typing.
            explain issues and opportunities using screenshots instead of descriptions.
            you'll find capturewiz essential for both work and play.
        

            don't run windows without it!
        







                    try it
                

31-day trial

                    it's the longest trial in the business
                    because we know
                    the more you use it,
                    the more you'll love it!
                

                    full function
                    no watermarks
                    no recording limits
                    no email address needed
                    no spam or advertising



download








                  just buy it
               

$39.95
                    30-day money-back guarantee
                    one-time purchaseuse it forever


                    quantity discounts







buy













reviews


the best of the bunch.
            the most powerful and intuitive capture tool bar none.
davey winder - pc pro magazine



            wonderfully intuitive to use.
michael w. muchmore - pc magazine



            it doesn't get any easier to use than this.
grace suarez - lawofficecomputing



            intuitive and easy-to-use ... give it a try, you'll like it!
michael e. callahan - dr. file finder

            i don't know how i got along without it.
joyce conklin

            really makes my job easier.
cel johnson

            i'm constantly using it for my ebay store.
mona harter

            my team uses it every day to communicate changes.
derik white, the cad zone

            whipped our archaic airline program into printing crew schedules.
pam horton

            i love how it captures snippets of pdf files.
j. michael ross

            terrific for collecting real estate info.
dr ray tobiason

            lifesaver when restoring router from captured settings.
gerald crowley

            best and easiest anywhere.
charles strink

            by far the best one out there.
robert butters

            i tried the other utilities, but capturewizpro is best.
michael simas




awards















specifications

supports windows 11, windows 10 and windows 8. both 64 and 32-bit.
compatible with microsoft dpi awareness to work with any multi-monitor setup.
requires 10 mb disk space. unlocking requires a one-time internet connection.
those using windows terminal services or remote desktop connections will be interested in these
                notes.














perfecting screen capture since 1996




