ï»¿




welcome to the 41st shelter island run!














 


























 
 
 








 








 navigation 


home
 about


10k history
beneficiaries
volunteer
training
gallery
race results
awards
raffles
elite athletes
faqs
apparel
fall 5k run/walk


transportation
register


charity teams
paper application form
donate



 sponsors


sponsorship opportunities


 events


event schedule
package pickup


 contact

 directions









 








john honerkamp grew up on long island and ran track and cross country at chaminade high school. john then ran at st. john's university where he qualified for the olympic trials in the 800m in 1996 before running professionally for the reebok enclave and new york athletic club (nyac).  john coached athletes at the high school and college levels before moving to coaching runners of all ages. you might've seen john pacing a celebrity at the nyc marathon. he has paced apolo ohno, summer sanders, caroline wozniacki, james blake, nev shulman, karlie kloss, and daniel humm.      

      john first ran the shelter island 10k in 2010 and finished 7th. john then met caitlin nolan in 2011 and they married in 2016. the nolan family has roots in shelter island that go back to 1956. spending time on shelter island is one of john's favorite pastimes.      

      john is currently the founder and ceo of run kamp which is a health and wellness consulting business. 
brendan dagan and his wife jen dagan met on the cross county team at hofsra university in 2002. they created the largest running event services on long island, elitefeats, which works with 300 events annually in the boroughs and li. working with shelter island run over the last five years has given them valuable insight into the race. they are committed to the event and its' growth through the 50th year!


our mission
      the non-profit shelter island run, inc. founded in 1980 is dedicated to create positive awareness through running and health at
      our renowned annual 10k road race. our mission is to provide funds to our communities youth, adults and seniors through
      education and services. we wish to inspire and support others by assisting our local charities through philanthropy.            
 
















 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

jquery slider



  

  
  
  
 
 
 

 

































shelter island run
usa track & field certified course starting instructions
the race will start promptly at 5:30pm, saturday, june 20th, 2020, rain or shine. 
contact
faq
sitemap




 







get in touch








phone: 
                  (631) 774-9499
  email: info@shelterislandrun.com
  mailing address: 
                  po box 266, shelter island, 
                  ny 11964







 
            copyright â© 2014 shelter island run. all rights reserved. website design by shelter island graphics 


















