     bmw of morristown | bmw dealer morristown, nj | new and used bmw dealer                                 














                                                                       welcome to bmw of morristown   certified center            sales973-455-0700  service973-796-3100  parts973-796-3145     111 ridgedale ave morristown, nj 07960 directions                        bmw of morristown                     sales973-455-0700    service973-796-3100    parts973-796-3145             111 ridgedale ave morristown, nj 07960 directions                   home   home   search inventory   pre-owned     new   search inventory   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   my bmw app   bmw innovations   luxury class   ultimate bmw buying experience   bmw m5 sedan   the bmw m5 touring     bmw certified & pre-owned   certified pre-owned   pre-owned   bmw certified offers   pre-owned specials   demo/loaner specials     bmw electric   bmw ev lifestyle   bmw electric models   the bmw i5     offers   bmw national incentives   lease offers   pre-owned specials   corporate fleet program   bmw finance and lease offers   service & parts offers     sell/trade   service & parts   service & parts offers   service   schedule service   bmw tire center   parts   check vehicle for recalls   accessories estore   autobody & collision center   bmw value service      finance   finance   lease return center   bmw finance application   bmw military program   bmw military program   the bmw college graduate program   bmw financial services     about   about   contact us   hours & directions   review us   open road auto group   center of excellence   careers   bmw m certified                     home   home   search inventory   pre-owned     new   search inventory   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   my bmw app   bmw innovations   luxury class   ultimate bmw buying experience   bmw m5 sedan   the bmw m5 touring     bmw certified & pre-owned   certified pre-owned   pre-owned   bmw certified offers   pre-owned specials   demo/loaner specials     bmw electric   bmw ev lifestyle   bmw electric models   the bmw i5     offers   bmw national incentives   lease offers   pre-owned specials   corporate fleet program   bmw finance and lease offers   service & parts offers     sell/trade   service & parts   service & parts offers   service   schedule service   bmw tire center   parts   check vehicle for recalls   accessories estore   autobody & collision center   bmw value service      finance   finance   lease return center   bmw finance application   bmw military program   bmw military program   the bmw college graduate program   bmw financial services     about   about   contact us   hours & directions   review us   open road auto group   center of excellence   careers   bmw m certified               


inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





 


  


get
financing



 
 


  


view
specials



 
 


  


trade
appraisal



 
 


  


test
drive



 


       search new inventory      search used inventory        

      click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details                                                                                                                     

          bmw vehicles 
      the 2 series finally, the rebels have a cause. from performance and handling that make your pulse race faster to a rich sports car heritage, this is a vehicle that’s all heart and pure bmw. get behind the wheel of the bmw 2 series, and let your emotions have their way with you. available in a coupe and a convertible.    new pre-owned available in coupe and convertible         the 3 series pure driving pleasure the sports sedan that started it all continues its exciting evolution with bold styling, modern finishes, and intuitive technology. the 3 series brings power and innovation together in a sedan made to move – from the inline 4-cylinder engine in the 330i models to an integrated electric motor in the 330e plug-in hybrid.    new pre-owned available in coupe and convertible         the 4 series only one word describes it: un4gettable. it's impossible to see the bmw 4 series coupe, convertible and gran coupe and not feel their athleticism. yes, they were born from the iconic 3 series. but, a sleeker, more aggressive design matched with thrilling power makes each 4 series model stand out in its own beguiling way.   new pre-owned available in coupe, gran coupe, and convertible         the 5 series sophistication, turbocharged. since its inception, the 5 series has combined legendary bmw performance with a level of refinement that knows no equal. with leading innovations in both driving dynamics and interior technology, the all-new 5 series is just as ambitious as those who drive it.    new pre-owned available in sedan and gran turismo         the 7 series the future of luxury is here. the bmw 7 series reaches new altitudes in technology, comfort, and performance while integrating them seamlessly into a luxury experience for both drivers and passengers. with more innovations than any other car in its class and a wealth of athleticism, the 7 series effortlessly takes the pole position for the future of luxury travel.   new pre-owned available in sedan         the 8 series awaken adrenaline. the incredible bmw 8 series reinvented to thrill the senses. muscular, sleek, and striking, this series combines motorsport heritage with the very latest design and technology.   new pre-owned available in coupe and convertible.         x models versatility without limits. when bmw built the first x5, they didn’t just create another suv. instead, they invented something entirely new: the sports activity vehicle®. by fusing ample space with dynamic power and sleek design, each sav® delivers the thrills of a bmw. and along with the unique sports activity coupe®, there truly is an x perfect for every adventure.   new pre-owned available in sports activity vehicle and sports activity coupe.         the bmw z4 redefining the roadster. a true roadster in every sense of the word, this two-seater with its long hood and low-slung stance can make a striking impression just as fast as it can propel you down the road. all with just one question: top up or down?   new pre-owned available in roadster.         m models the most powerful letter in the world. packed with power normally reserved for the track, m generates performance unlike anything else. and after four decades of delivering hair-raising thrills, it's still pushing the limits. but don’t just take our word for it. grip the wheel of any of our 10 m models—from coupes to convertibles to sports activity vehicle® – and elevate your adrenaline rushes to a whole new level.   new pre-owned m models available in sedan, coupe, gran coupe, convertible, sports activity vehicle and sports activity coupe         bmw i every great revolution begins with a charge. it started with a vision. a vision to completely reimagine the future of mobility and rethink what it means to drive an electric vehicle. and here we are—this vision is now a reality. meet the all-electric bmw i3 and the plug-in hybrid bmw i8. it's time to forget everything you once thought about electric cars and imagine a world powered by performance, design, innovation, and efficiency. this is the world of bmw i.   new pre-owned            series selector: 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / x / z4 / m / bmw i          the 2 series finally, the rebels have a cause.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 3 series pure driving pleasure  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 4 series only one word describes it: un4gettable.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 5 series sophistication, turbocharged.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 7 series the future of luxury is here.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 8 series awaken adrenaline.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        x models versatility without limits.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the bmw z4 redefining the roadster.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        m models the most powerful letter in the world.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        bmw i every great revolution begins with a charge.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned           schedule service appointment when you own the ultimate driving machine, you should get the service to match. schedule now     original bmw batteries the only way to start. schedule now     bmw value service premium parts & service.powerful value.bmw value service. learn more    
      

bmw of morristown
 in morristown, nj
welcome to bmw of morristown's digital showroom, where you can browse our entire inventory of new 2024 bmw vehicles, certified pre-owned bmw vehicles, and used cars for sale or lease or finance, from our bmw dealership, on ridgedale avenue in morristown, new jersey. come see us to test drive a vehicle, speak to one of our bmw product experts, discuss financing options, or, if it's easier, just give us a call toll-free at sales 973-455-0700.
more about us

       




visit us

111 ridgedale ave, morristown, nj 07960

directions

contact us




     

charitable support
at bmw of morristown, we care about our local community. in order to help our neighbors and those around us, we regularly give back to the morristown community soup kitchen and outreach center, where those who are struggling can get a nutritious meal and access to community resources, services, and educational programs. our dealership also supports the local chapter of the juvenile diabetes research foundation (jdrf).
top sellers
the leading models at bmw of morristown are those in the bmw 3 series. these options are perfect entry-level sedans and wagons for those with smaller budgets or those shopping for their first luxury automobiles. standard equipment includes dual-zone automatic climate control, premium upholstery, bluetooth connectivity, and bmw's idrive infotainment system with at least a 6.5-inch touch-screen. options include a 16-speaker harman kardon sound system, a turbocharged 3.0-liter i-6 engine, and the track handling package, which offers better handling around tight corners.
if you want a roomier cabin and additional luxury features, check out the bmw 5 series. the 2023 model shows off a full exterior redesign, while even the base trim comes with 16-way power-adjustable sport front seats, premium vinyl upholstery, bluetooth connectivity, bmw emergency services, and a high-end 12-speaker audio system with 20 gigabytes of digital music storage, hd radio, a usb port, and an auxiliary jack. the m sport package is available on all trims, which adds a sporty leather steering wheel, unique interior and exterior trim, a lower suspension, and 19-inch wheels.
benefits of bmw of morristown
every member of our team at bmw of morristown is committed to providing a great customer experience for everyone who visits the dealership. this extends to our financing department, staffed with financial professionals who can help you qualify for a payment arrangement that you can afford. if you don't see exactly what you're looking for at our location, simply talk to a member of the sales team.
we have extensive connections throughout the automotive industry and can typically find what you want. every model available at bmw of morristown has exceptional value. we make it easy and convenient to shop for a luxury car or suv.
our goal at bmw of morristown is to provide a better car-buying experience for our customers. we earned the center of excellence award in 2015 and 2017. the dealership also includes a service department for maintenance and repairs on bmw models, so stop by and see us for all your automotive needs.


     
     
click. shop. we deliver.

introducing a new way to buy your car! our best prices instantly, buy 100% online from the comfort of your home, office, anywhere.


start shopping


explore inventory


                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | consent preferences | bmw of morristown | 111 ridgedale ave, morristown, nj 07960 | sales: 973-455-0700         




































   
   
         
                   