








courier service nyc | delivery company new jersey | thruway direct















 
home|
about us|
contact us|
employment

new xcelerator web portal

 thruway direct

over four decades of experience


toll free:
800-633-3867
hudson valley:
845-267-4560


five boroughs:
212-392-4839
new jersey:
201-335-0626





free quote

name:




phone



email



interested in:

select
trucking
gound services
air courier services
special items delivery
warehousing services








courier / messenger service
trucking

warehousing
service areas


courier service new york city
as a new york courier service, our expertise is delivery today…not tomorrow. with more than 45 years of shipping experience and the willingness to upgrade and adapt to today's business needs, thruway direct is the nyc courier service of choice for hundreds of businesses in the nyc and nj metropolitan region. from the largest of corporations to local, family run businesses, thruway direct provides professional, reliable delivery services 24 hours a day, seven days a week. try to name some other delivery companies in nyc where you will get that kind of professional service! as one of the best messenger companies in new york city, we serve customers in the city, as well as new jersey. give us a call today for our shipping service.
when you think of a reliable delivery company in new york city, you can imagine how fast and proficient they must be. delivery companies working with the big apple must be fast and furious, which is what makes us stand out amongst the other delivery companies in nyc. our nyc courier service doesn’t believe in waiting for tomorrow. we will get you what you need today! 





services we offer


courier / messenger service

we offer same day delivery and rush trucking services new york and new jersey businesses can depend on for expedited delivery. thruway direct has new york courier services with prompt pickup and same day delivery services. 
learn more 

trucking

we specialize in just-in-time trucking in new york and all orders are handled on a direct shipment basis. new york refrigerated trucking available. all you need to do is call!
learn more 


warehousing

thruway direct also offers ample new york storage in a state-of-the-art facility complete with alarm, heat and sprinkler systems. our ny warehousing service is the finest available, please call for more information.
learn more 

contact us today regarding our new york courier service and expedited delivery services. call us or fill out our quote form to request more information. 


courier services locations

new york city
brooklyn
staten island
bronx


queens
manhattan
bergen county
rockland


long island
nassau
dutchess county


connecticut
new jersey
westchester county



testimonials


thruway direct has provided me with local foot messengers in ny for many years. the deliveries are always on time and the price is right. thanks.

john
read more reviews






mcaa
eca
crba
ny


payment methods



thruway direct

16 n rte 9 w
congers, 
        ny 10920
contact us
8am - 9pm everyday






reviews|
privacy policy|
site map


internet marketing and website design by web seo and design, llc. © 2010, thruway direct. all rights reserved.











