mobile car audiocontact usmobile car audiocome hear what quality sounds likeget in touch9:00am - 6:00pmopen hours98-265 kam hwy, aieafind us(808) 484-2886call usexcellent qualityaudio is an important part of your in-car experience.fully authorized dealer for industry leaders like rockford, fosgate, alpine, & pioneer. all installers are 100% factory trained and we treat every vehicle like our own.get a quotea little about uswhat motivates usohanawe are a local business operating in the beautiful state of hawaii for over 16 years. we proudly serve our local ohana and military families with aloha. servicesatisfaction guaranteed. if it’s not done right, we’re not done working. we also offer full financing for all armed services with 90 day, 0% interest.qualitywe take pride in our work. let us show you. we use only the highest quality products and provide affordable options for any size budget.our workmost recent installsviewviewviewviewviewviewget in touchtestimonialsour customers sayi’m always skeptical when a shop only has 5-star reviews, cause… can they really be that good?! well, here’s another 5-star review, because it turns out they are that good! great shop, great customer service from start to finish.jason m.aiea, hithis place is awesome. super friendly and knowledgeable staff. the install technicians are great. come here for all your car audio needs, i will definitely recommend to friends.maximux h.aiea, himan, i love these guys. they do such a great job i've been going to them for the last 6 years. they're always so friendly and always feel like they're looking out for me because of all my crazy ambitions on what i want to do with my stereo system.jeramie a.aiea, hiexcellent customer service and professionalism. i actually went to two other car audio shops. tracie and ryan listened, looked at my vehicle and gave me their suggestions.  i said yes on the spot and scheduled the installation for the following monday.bryan m.aiea, hidue to covid the items took a while to ship but i was given updates. the day of the installation the staff was extremely professional and i am very happy with the end result. all the wires were run discretely and my door panel was a little broken they even glued it back together for me.tracie g.aiea, hiif you are looking for new sounds or even a new alarm definitely come here! you won't regret it, they will work with you and provide you recommendations but you will never feel like you are being pushed to buy something.justin t.aiea, hihow can we help?first namelast nameemailyour messageimages/videos (optional)send it!your message has been sent!loadingconveniently located between pearlridge mall & aloha stadium along the ocean side of kam highway in aiea. our knowledgeable & experienced staff will help you design & execute any system... from mild to wild.operating hoursmonday9:00am - 6:00pmtuesday9:00am - 6:00pmwednesday9:00am - 6:00pmthursday9:00am - 6:00pmfriday9:00am - 6:00pmsaturday9:00am - 6:00pmsundayclosedcontact usmobile car audio98-265 kam hwyaiea, hi 96701(808) 484 - 2886designed by aperture mediacopyrights© mobile car audio llc. all rights reserved.