


los angeles sexual harassment lawyers - sexual harassment attorneys, los angeles, california - sexual harassment, discrimination, wrongful termination, employment, personal injury, attorneys, lawyer, los angeles, san francisco, jason oliver, jason l. oliver



























toggle navigation




sexharassmentattorneys.com



home

case law 

sexual harassment
discrimination
wrongful termination
retaliation
whistleblower
protected categories
feha
punitive damages


directions

resources 

sexual harassment sites
dui/dwi sites









law offices of jason l. oliver - 	128 n. fair oaks avenue, suite 107, 	pasadena, california 91103 - call (626) 797-2777

 





los angeles sexual harassment lawyer
for over 18 years, attorney jason oliver has been helping people in los angeles with their legal needs, focusing almost exclusively on cases of sexual harassment in the workplace. in just the last few years, mr. oliver has co-counseled in numerous sexual harassment, discrimination, and wrongful termination cases, achieving over 50 million dollars in combined verdicts, awards, and confidential settlements.
cases of sexual harassment in the workplace are different than other types of employment law cases. frequently, they are far more emotional on both sides, which poses a challenge to settlement and often prevents a resolution short of a jury trial. being prepared to take your case all the way to trial is key. in fact, being prepared for trial is the single most important factor in any sexual harassment case. if you are a victim of sexual harassment, we highly recommend consult an attorney before taking any action so you do not do something that may harm your case.
located in the heart  of old town pasadena, just  a few miles from downtown los angeles, california, the law offices of jason oliver is conveniently located and					        offers a free case review.  mr. oliver handles sexual harassment and personal injury cases on a contingency basis: there is no fee unless you win.  if you wish to consult with a lawyer regarding any type of employment related sexual harassment, discrimination, wrongful termination, whistleblower, or personal injury case, please use the form on the right side of this page or call jason oliver today at (626) 797-2777 for a free case review from an experienced sexual harassment lawyer.
in 2013, 2014 and 2015, jason oliver was included among the "best lawyers in america"  by bestlawyers.com.
in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015, he was named a super lawyer by los angeles magazine, and in 2010 and 2012, he was named a "top attorney" by pasadena magazine.
in 2005, 2006, and 2007, super lawyers magazine named jason oliver a "rising star," among the top 2.5 % of all california attorneys under the age of 40. 



get a free case review
from the premier sexual harassment attorney handling cases in los angeles, san francisco, and san diego, california







											your name (required)




											email	(required)




											phone (required)




											message	(required)




what web site are you visiting? (required)

please select
google
bing
esty
sex harassment attorneys







send details

 whether you are looking for a sexual harassment settlement, to take a case to trial, or through appeal, we focus almost exclusively on serious cases of sexual harassment, discrimination, wrongful termination, whistle blower law. we serve virtually all of california, including the los angeles, pasadena, valencia, santa monica, long beach, bakersfield, covina, orange county, san francisco, and san diego areas.



 




frequently asked questions

what is sexual harassment?
what is discrimination?
what is wrongful termination?
what is retaliation?
what is a whistleblower?
what are the protected categories?


recent employment news

sexual harassment training law
california appellate court decisions
california supreme court arbitration decisions
sexual harassment news
california supreme court arbitration decisions
california supreme court employment decisions 
california supreme court gay, lesbian, bi, and transgender decisions







disclaimer notice:
results in past cases are not a prediction of results or success in future cases.  every case is different and results obtained will vary.  use of this site constitutes your acknowledgment and agreement that: 1) such use is for general informational purposes only; 2) no legal advice is intended or rendered thereby; 3) any communications though this site are confidential and privileged; 4) the use of this site or sending of e-mail through this site does not create a contract between you and any attorney, but rather is an invitation for a lawyer to contact you;  5) no legal services are offered outside the jurisdiction of california; 6) use of email is not a guaranteed method of communication and therefore is at your own risk; and 7) you will make contact by other reliable means to confirm whether each particular email communication has been received or transmitted.  you are advised to immediately seek independent counsel for advice regarding any legal concerns you may have.
		 			








contact

law offices of jason l. oliver
					128 n. fair oaks avenue, suite 107
					pasadena, california 91103
					(626) 797-2777


connect with us






get help

if you need an attorney or simply want to consult with a lawyer regarding an employment related case of sexual harassment, discrimination, or wrongful termination, please call
jason oliver at (626) 797-2777 for a free legal consultation.








copyright © 2000-2022	jason l. oliver - los angeles sexual harassment attorneys

















