


accurate overhead limited scarborough ontario canada overhead
		doors












 
 - accurate overhead
		limited 


















 
 
 
 




























 








accurate overhead limited is a
															 canadian owned and operated overhead door & dock leveler service, repair
															 and installations company working within the toronto, ontario area. we pride
															 ourselves with quality service and installation of roll up rubber doors,
															 overhead doors, loading dock levelers, truck latches, high speed rubber doors,
															 gate systems, dock doors and all related products to suit today's busy
															 industrial markets. our fully equipped fleet of service and installation
															 vehicles with their specially trained technicians can handle all your door and
															 dock needs, from electrical wiring of door openers to concrete construction of
															 dock pits and door openings. call one of our representatives today for a free
															 loading dock and door area survey and find out if one of our products shown on
															 this site can increase your dock area productivity and your doors safety. 
with hundreds of top quality
															 products to choose from, accurate overhead limited can ensure that we will
															 increase productivity in all areas of your dock area. high speed rubber doors
															 can be install to reduce heating costs, downtime and decrease bottle necking at
															 busy door openings. our heavy duty rubber doors can be equipped with high
															 performance door openers, safety door sensors, high speed starter panels with
															 soft start and stop function to reduce wear and tear on the doors essential
															 parts. truck latches will increase safety around the loading dock by helping
															 prevent trailer creep or walking by locking the trailer in place while the dock
															 is in use. red and green communication lights will help prevent early departure
															 by letting the driver know when the loading dock is in use and when it is safe
															 to leave. these and other items are easily view on this site. 

sales
															 installation and service




rubber doors
high speed doors
rolling steel doors 
bi-fold doors
overhead doors 
sectional doors 
weather stripping
electric openers 
fire rated doors


link
																	 partners  


truck latches 
wheel chocks
construction services 
loading dock lights 
loading dock shelters 
loading dock bumpers
loading dock levelers 
vehicle restraints
sliding gate systems 
hollow metal doors 

  


sliding gate openers 
barrier gate systems 
vertical gate systems 
aluminum grilles 
counter shutters 
safety edges 
photo cells 
overhead door parts

gate operators / openers

add
																	 link


planned maintenance program 
 
a canadian
															 overhead door company servicing all ontario canada 



accurate overhead limited 



 35 munham gate
															 scarborough, ontario canada m1p 2b3toll free 1-877-656-6616phone: (416)
															 757.4133  fax: (416) 757.4134 email:
															 accurateoverhead@bellnet.ca



 



our goal is to provide the best
										possible product at a competitive price, backed by a staff committed to the
										highest industry standards.
http://www.accurateoverhead.com/










copyright ©
				  2005 accurate overhead limited 

 



webmaster:all
servicing ajax agincourt aurora bowmanville bramalea brampton
		burlington cobourg clarington courtice concord don mills durham region
		downsview etobicoke gta markham mississauga newmarket north york oakville
		oshawa port perry port hope pickering rexdale richmond hill scarborough
		stouffville scugog thornhill toronto uxbridge unionville vaughn willowdale
		woodbridge whitby, york region surrounding areas  

