










home - rape crisis






























































sa covid19 resources & news portal
need help? call our 24-hour helpline:
021 447 9762
donate today
 


get help
our work


programmes

road to recovery
making change
road to justice


our campaigns

rsjc





who we are
get involved
news & resources

news
toolkits
reports


contact us





menu


menu

 







what you need to know about rape

learn about rape and how you can report it




what is rape?
learn the facts that dispel common and harmful myths about rape

find out more

what to do if someone has raped you?
read the 10-step toolkit to learn more

find out more

how to report rape?
steps to follow when reporting rape, and the rights you can exercise while doing so

find out more

download our resources

our work
as a feminist organisation, rape crisis is committed to working towards the achievement of women’s rights
counselling
supporting rape survivors on their road to recovery

read moreeducation and training
community workshops that dispel the myths and stereotypes about rape, and building a culture of consent in cape town high schools


read moreadvocacy and community mobilisation
educating the public about and fighting for specialised support services for survivors of rape and sexual violence

read more

latest news & media


a letter from a survivorcounselling, road to justice, road to recovery, speak out 

https://rapecrisis.org.za/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/blog-post-2-1.png
1400
1400


sino

https://rapecrisis.org.za/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/rc-logo-color-1.png

sino2022-04-29 11:39:052022-04-29 12:03:49a letter from a survivoraccess to post rape care, everywhereadvocacy, get involved, making change, road to justice, rsjc 

https://rapecrisis.org.za/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/rsjc-slide-image.png
268
705


sino

https://rapecrisis.org.za/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/rc-logo-color-1.png

sino2022-02-17 14:02:192022-02-17 14:13:39access to post rape care, everywhere10 things your rape crisis counsellor wants you to knowcounselling, gbv / gender based violence, road to recovery 

https://rapecrisis.org.za/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/road-to-recovery.png
1350
1350


sino

https://rapecrisis.org.za/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/rc-logo-color-1.png

sino2021-09-16 10:51:382021-09-16 10:51:3810 things your rape crisis counsellor wants you to knowpreviousnext

visit our media and resource centre

what we stand for
our mission is to promote safety in communities, to reduce the trauma experienced by rape survivors, to encourage the reporting of rape and to work actively to address flaws in legislation



unity
embracing diversity and acknowledging difference in order to work together as a team


growth
changing and supporting others to change


purpose
working towards organisational goals with focus and clear direction


healing
helping reclaim stability, peace, safety and direction in life by supporting others



teamthe members of rape crisis are dedicated and passionate individuals all striving together to inspire change. rape crisis challenges myths and stereotypes (rape culture) through building a consent culture. it is a culture in which asking for consent is normalised and condoned in popular culture. it is respecting the person’s response even if it isn’t the response you had hoped for. when we create cultures of consent, respect, and positive sexuality, we can change how we understand sexuality and prevent sexual violence.
learn more about us

historyestablished in 1976, rape crisis is the most experienced organisation in south africa working in the area of adult rape and sexual violence. our roots are as a volunteer-run feminist women’s collective. we obtained npo registration in 1997 and maintained our focus on the empowerment of women.
we have a national reputation for unique and innovative best practices models and our work consists of a range of projects that include direct services to survivors of rape and sexual violence, popular education and advocacy as essential components of a well-developed theory of change.

operationsour relationship with government, particularly at the provincial level, is collaborative (we share spaces at courts and health facilities with government service providers) but also challenging because we observe that government does not always serve the best interests of rape survivors.
our close connection with the communities we serve gives us capacity for social mobilisation and our strong network of partners in civil society gives us support for lobbying influential role players at both the national and provincial levels of government.



get involved
find out how you can be a part of the team



volunteer
become a counselling, advocacy or community educator volunteer


donate now
support rape survivors on their road to recovery and healing


start a crowdfunder
start a crowdfunding campaign today and support our services and programmes through individual giving.
download our toolkit

get involved with us

counselling
we provide free and confidential counselling for rape survivors
monday – thursday 09h00 – 16h30, and friday 09h00 – 15h30
counselling is offered in english, isixhosa and afrikaans at our offices in observatory, khayelitsha and athlone
contact one of our 3 helplines:
english 021 447 9762
isixhosa: 021 361 9085
afrikaans: 021 633 9229
whatsapp counselling: 083 222 5164 



observatory office:
23 trill road
observatory
tel: 021 447 1467


athlone office:
335a klipfontein road
gatesville
tel: 021 684 1180


khayelitsha office:
89 msobomvu drive
khayelitsha
tel: 021 361 9228

  


send us an email
email: communications@rapecrisis.org.za
complaints: complaints@rapecrisis.org.za


talk to us

facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
mail



subscribe to our newsletter















  


© 2025 rape crisis - cape town trust. all rights reserved. npo 044-786 
terms & conditions
privacy policy







scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.oklearn more

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
other cookiesthe following cookies are also needed - you can choose if you want to allow them:
click to enable/disable _ga - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gid - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gat_* - google analytics cookie.
privacy policyyou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
privacy policy
accept settingshide notification only




need help?





















