






zelo















































skip to content








 









home
about
services
contact
 

 

home
about
services
contact
 











 
209-337-5705















 





transform web applications with zelo. 



transform web applications with zelo. 



and exceed expectations  



and exceed expectations  







 
about us











 











 



 












 







we create unique (website)applications that help your business grow 



zelo technologies inc. offers cutting edge search engine services specializing in generative ai. our nlp techniques allow us to disrupt search engines and problem-solving to transform industries and enhance user experiences. trust our skilled professionals to provide innovative applications and groundbreaking solutions. 







 
learn more




















we solve cutting-edge problems 



what can we do for you? 











application developmentwe specialize in creating intuitive mobile applications that your audience will love. 







grow your businessincrease functionality, effectiveness, get happier (and returning) customers and grow your business ! 











web (application) designwe design and create websites that convert visitors into customers, combining creativity and functionality. 







natural language processing software development & chatbots for your businesswe innovate across industries with artificial intelligence and natural language processing software development. 























						klaas k. kleinnijenhuis					

						founder & ceo					

















						john					

						manager creative design team and ux-developer 					










our work inspires smiles 



the faces
behind our success 







 
meet the team














 





do you want to boost your business? 



drop us a line and keep in touch 







 
contact us











 


















 
















								email							



 




 
yes, please

























follow us 







 




















© copyright 2023 – zelo technologies inc.all content on this website, including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and software, is the property of zelo technologies inc. and is protected by international copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws.the use of any content without the express written permission of zelo technologies inc. is strictly prohibited. unauthorized use may result in severe penalties under applicable law.the information provided on this website is for general informational purposes only. while we strive to provide accurate and up-to-date information, we make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of any content on this site.zelo technologies inc. does not guarantee that the website will operate error-free or that the site and its server are free from computer viruses or other harmful components. users access and use the site at their own risk. 














 




























