






als center | university of miami





































































































home
about als

about als
als treatment options
als symptom management
frequently asked questions
living with als
everyday life with als


patient care

the clinic experience
multi disciplinary care


research

active studies
research highlights
research teams
other resources


about us

our history
our team
news and events


donate
contact
 


select page


  
 
 

















we are here for you 
							comprehensive, coordinated care every step of the way. 
							 


hope is in research 
							with your help we can reach a cure. 
							 


making an impact 
							passionately working toward a cure. 
							 


certified center of excellence 
							
 















the university of miami als center provides comprehensive, coordinated care as well as research leadership in the diagnosis, treatment and understanding of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als).







the als center at the university of miami

welcome to the university of miami als center. we provide the highest level of compassionate care and multi-specialty support for patients and families living with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als) from the time of diagnosis to the end stages of the disease. our multi-disciplinary clinical team works alongside expert researchers in search of a cure for als. this combined approach provides our patients with essential clinical care as well as opportunities for participation in groundbreaking research and clinical trials.
our goals are for every patient and family to receive the best possible care, and to contribute to ending als through research.
for additional information on als, our team, and resources for patients and families, please contact us at 1-800-690-als1 (2571) or alscenter@med.miami.edu.

learn more

download brochure





compassionate care and cutting-edge research







comprehensive patient care

our experienced neurologists with expertise in als provide diagnostic evaluations that patients can trust, and communicate new diagnoses with great care and compassion. for patients with a confirmed diagnosis, additional counseling, answers to questions and a detailed management plan are developed and communicated at our second visit clinic. patients then benefit from specialized care and a unique clinical experience that only the als center at the university of miami can provide.

learn more





critical research

research provides hope for a future without als, which is why research is an integral part of the multi-disciplinary care that we provide. we want all our patients to have the opportunity to learn about and to participate in research if they so choose.
our internationally recognized team of innovative researchers, together with patients and their families, are working together to bring an end to this awful disease. consider joining a research study or making a donation to support our ongoing efforts.

learn more





specialized clinical services





diagnostic evaluation
our neurologists, who are all highly skilled and experienced in the evaluation and diagnosis of als, bring their expertise and patient-centered approach to the thorough and compassionate evaluation of patients in whom the diagnosis of als is being considered.



second visit clinic
after receiving a diagnosis of als, we are here to help answer questions, build a management plan, and discuss research opportunities. schedule an appointment today!



multi-disciplinary clinic
today, the best als care is provided by multi-disciplinary teams. our team of multi-disciplinary als specialists work together to seamlessly and compassionately coordinate care for our patients.







aac clinic




through our augmentative and alternative communication (aac) clinic, we provide specialized evaluations and access to communication tools and technology that are individualized to each patients’ specific needs.







wheelchair clinic




our wheelchair clinic is staffed by physical therapists and healthcare providers who perform thorough evaluations to design tailored-fit wheelchairs that meet the individual needs of als patients with impaired mobility.










learn more about our clinical services and book your appointment

learn more

book an appointment











innovative research and trials

our patients and their families have the opportunity to participate in ongoing clinical research studies and therapeutic trials. this type of research is essential for advancing our understanding of disease and to making progress towards finding a cure for this disease. our internationally recognized team of researchers have taken great strides toward a better understanding of als.

participate in research







a message from dr. michael benatar, executive director

thank you for visiting the website of the als center at the university of miami. our center is one of the best in the nation, combining comprehensive multi-disciplinary care with groundbreaking research. we are acutely aware that als is a life-changing diagnosis with profound implications for you and your family. we also recognize that… 

thank you for visiting the website of the als center at the university of miami. our center is one of the best in the nation, combining comprehensive multi-disciplinary care with groundbreaking research. we are acutely aware that als is a life-changing diagnosis with profound implications for you and your family. we also recognize that… 

read more



meet our team of als experts

the university of miami als center is considered one of the best centers in the nation and is proud to be designated as a certified center of excellence by the als association. the foundation for this recognition is our exceptional, multi-disciplinary team of physicians and specialists who provide expert and multifaceted care, as well as our internationally-recognized researchers who are engaged in groundbreaking research.

the university of miami als center is considered one of the best centers in the nation and is proud to be designated as a certified center of excellence by the als association. the foundation for this recognition is our exceptional, multi-disciplinary team of physicians and specialists who provide expert and multifaceted care, as well as our internationally-recognized researchers who are engaged in groundbreaking research.

meet the team







thank you for visiting the website of the als center at the university of miami. our center is one of the best in the nation, combining comprehensive multi-disciplinary care with groundbreaking research.
we are acutely aware that als is a life-changing diagnosis with profound implications for you and your family. we also recognize that the needs of als patients are multi-faceted, and that the provision of care is complex. we have assembled an incredible multi-disciplinary clinical team that stands ready to help you in any way that they can. if you visit our clinic, we are confident that you will find comfort in the knowledge that you are in the right place – with such capable and caring hands.
the als center is also an active hub for groundbreaking research.  our program recognizes that research can only succeed through patient engagement, participation and collaboration. you will have the opportunity to participate in one of our research studies if you choose, as we work together towards a cure for als.
we are the largest als clinic in the state of florida, serving as a destination for clinical service in south florida, the caribbean, and latin america. currently, we provide care for about 250 als patients, completing about ~500 clinical encounters per year. in the research program (which enrolls patients, pre-symptomatic individuals, and controls) we complete ~400 study visits per year. over 90% of our clinic patients (compared to a national average of <10%) participate in at least one research study. in recognition of the services we provide, we have received designation by the als association as a certified center of excellence.
we could not accomplish all that we do without the generous support of our many partners, to whom we are sincerely thankful.
we are here to help you and your family navigate this devastating disease, and we are committed to doing all that we can to work towards a cure.
sincerely
michael benatar, md, phdexecutive directorals center at the university of miami







were you recently diagnosed? we can help.



schedule a visit







research highlights

the latest findings by our team of leading researchers












the genetics podcast ep 121: breakthroughs and insights in als research with dr. michael benatar






jnnp podcast: a roadmap to als prevention: strategies and priorities












join our family - together, we can change the course of this disease.

join our family
together, we can change the course of this disease.

make a donationjoin our researchattend an upcoming event









what we do


als patient care
multi-disciplinary care
als research




als treatment


about als
als symptoms
als treatments
faq




about us


about us
our history
our team
news & events






contact us

donate

make a clinic appointment

participate in research







copyright © 2024. als center at the university of miami. all rights reserved. branding by mok2



 










facebook




x




instagram




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 


































