















bigfoot field researchers organization




































































 
founded in 1995 -- the 
    only scientific research organization exploring the bigfoot/sasquatch mystery.

    contact us at contactus@bfro.net or phone (408) 634-bfro [408-634-2376]




 
          the comprehensive
          sightings database





 

reports added recently

sightings by region

 pre-columbian; early american
        
sound recordings

 to report a sighting 



about the bfro
donate to bfro
join the bfro


frequently asked questions (faqs):

wasn't this all shown to be fake?
what is a bigfoot, or sasquatch?
is there any 'physical' evidence?
why aren't there more photos?
where do they come from?
how many are there?
are they dangerous?
how to collect evidence
more faqs























          20 years after the "ohio howl" was recorded near east liverpool,
        a new "ohio howl" is recorded in cuyahoga valley national park












































1970's documentaries on youtube
























old feature articles from homepage














             
          

             
          

             
          



             
          

what are the undisputed facts about
            the bigfoot / sasquatch mystery?

              it's a fact that for more than 400 years people
              have reported seeing large, hair-covered, man-like
              animals in the wilderness areas of north america.
            

              it is a fact that sightings of these animals
              continue today. real or not, these reports are
              often made by people of unimpeachable character.
            

              it is a fact that, for over seventy years, people
              have been finding, photographing, and casting sets
              of very large human-shaped tracks. most are
              discovered by chance in remote areas. these tracks
              continue to be found to this day.
            

              it is a fact that the cultural histories of many
              native american and first nation peoples include
              stories and beliefs about non-human "peoples" of
              the wild. many of these descriptions bear a
              striking resemblance to the hairy man-like
              creatures reported today.
            

              these are some of the facts. there is, however,
              much disagreement as to what these facts mean.
            

              to many, these facts, taken together, suggest the
              presence of an animal, probably a primate, that
              exists today in very low population densities. if
              true, this species, having likely evolved alongside
              humans, became astonishingly adept at avoiding
              human contact through a process of natural
              selection.
            

              to others, these same facts point to a cultural
              phenomenon kept alive today through a combination
              of the misidentification of known animals, wishful
              thinking, and the deliberate fabrication of
              evidence.
            

              the bfro, and its members, take the former view.
            

               
            


             
          



             
          

about the
            bfro






             
          




