






windsor hotel – established 1892





































		skip to content	



 




windsor hotel
established 1892








    menu	
home
book now
rooms
dining  

floyd’s pub
rosemary & thyme restaurant
the alley bar


meetings & events  

banquets
weddings


history
contact us  

directions
area attractions
join our team


gallery

  
			scroll down to content		












home


 






the windsor hotel is located in the heart of downtown americus, georgia. built-in 1892, the windsor is a five-story victorian masterpiece hotel architecturally designed with a tower, balconies, and a three-story open atrium lobby. it occupied nearly an entire city block and was the site of numerous balls and celebrations. the hotel closed its doors in 1972 after almost 80 years in operation. the hotel has undergone extensive renovations in 1991, 2010, and most recently in 2019. the hotel has been updated with modern amenities including a business center, all-new bedding, flat-screen televisions, granite countertops in the bathroom, a micro/fridge, and much more.
currently, the hotel has 53 luxurious guest rooms, including six suites and two tower suites: the bridal suite and the carter presidential suite, which is named in honor of our 39th president and local county resident jimmy carter. president and mrs. carter spent the night in the presidential suite in 2002 and are frequent guests and big supporters of the hotel.

the windsor hotel has been featured on nbc’s “the today show”, georgia public broadcasting, new york times, los angeles times, atlanta journal-constitution, usa today, southern distinction, and southern living magazines. the windsor is the recipient of georgia’s department of tourism excellence in customer service award, and national preservation award. the hotel is located within the national historic register recognized historic downtown americus.
a full array of business services is available for conferences and meetings. host an elegant wedding in our main lobby or a business meeting in one of our conference rooms. guests can enjoy dinner in the beautiful rosemary & thyme restaurant, a modern, upscale american restaurant serving flavorful food. floyd’s pub is always a great time with rocking chairs on the veranda, refreshing cocktails, and amazing food. experience the victorian ambiance of this castle-like hotel located just 10 miles in between the world-famous plains and the infamous andersonville national historic site. come stay with us and then head over to providence canyon state park.
the historical windsor hotel is now part of the ascend collection by choice international inc. choice privileges members can avail themselves of numerous benefits offered by this rewards program. enrollment for new members is offered at the hotel.

















(229) 924-1555                                                                       

125 west lamar street americus, ga 31709 reservations 
 




 



		proudly powered by wordpress	











































































































































































