




experience our boutique hotels | kimpton hotels + restaurants




































































							your session will expire in 5 minutes, 0 seconds, due to inactivity.
stay logged in






you're currently viewing this site in a different language. would you like this to make your default language? 

yes
yes
no

you can change your country and language settings in the future by using the selector at the top of the page.














chat with us



costs 13p per minute + phone company's access charge














my stays



join for free


sign in


join for free


sign in
sign in
user first name



sign out


user first name
· 
user points pts
















				your session has expired. please  sign in   to your profile















 


















sign in / join for free



sign in / join for free




user first name
user points pts















kimpton hotels & restaurants


destinations


experience


eat + drink


meetings


offers











sign in



join for free


my account


my stays


chat with us



manage reservations


feedback


sign out






 






country / region



language



save






























destinations


experience


eat + drink


meetings


offers



book now























































destinations


north america


europe


asia


caribbean + latin america


australia


middle east


search by experience














experience


wellness + spa


all inclusive resorts


calendar of events


ihg one rewards


blog














eat + drink








meetings


no ordinary agenda


meetings


events














weddings


your day, your way


promotions + packages














offers


last minute deals
















book now



































book now




















































                 the kimpton experience
            

upgrade your travels >

























72 hotels in 65 cities 

enter city, hotel name, or airport code




cities/regions



hotels



restaurants


























































                 special offers
            




 book your getaway now 









































                 weddings
            




 your day, your way 



































                 beach bliss & tropical tranquility
            




 elevate your spring break at these destinations 













































                 find an event near you
            

we're curating special events all across the country with fun top of mind. come join us.





 view our events calendar 





































                 culinary & cocktail trends for 2025
            

we tapped into the expertise of our talented beverage and culinary teams to identify the ingredients and menu offerings that will set the tone for what’s trending in 2025, and we’re pleased to report the forecast is looking delicious.





 view our predictions 




























search by experience

































 all-inclusive resorts


discover our take on all inclusive
our all-inclusive retreats illuminate the true essence of their location through robust culinary offerings, rich and immersive programming, elevated design, and heartfelt care. 






 find all-inclusive resorts 





























 beach + coastal  destinations


sink your toes in the sand
jump into the waves, spread a blanket on the sand and think warm, vacation-y thoughts at our beach destinations. 





 find beach + coastal  destinations 





























 mountain  destinations


outdoor adventures
there’s so much to experience in these picture-perfect settings: hiking, biking, rafting, and skiing, as well as ample opportunities to experience arts and theater, boutiques, breweries, award winning restaurants. 





 find mountain destinations  





























 off the beaten path


uncommon and unique locales
from unexpected neighborhoods in popular cities, to less-explored destinations that escape the throngs, here's a round up of places for travelers seeking a new experience. 





 find off the beaten path destinations  





























 spa destinations


relax, unwind, and treat yourseslf
they’re not just hotels — they’re an oasis. these kimpton hotels cater to your desire for a quiet escape. 





 find spa destinations 





























 historic hotels + destinations


timeless yet reimagined
oh if these grand walls could talk they’d speak in soft tones about the momentous past while bolstering modern comforts and luxurious must-have amenities. 





 find historic hotels + destinations  





























 pool destinations


swimming, lounging, relaxing
get your vacation escape started pool-side at these kimpton hotels.  expect a sparkling swimming pool paired with plenty of sun and shade, plus pool-side service to up the ante. 





 find pool destinations  





























 urban  destinations


immersed in culture
there’s so much to enjoy in these urban landscapes, including the surrounding visual art and music scenes, culinary delights, cityscape and nature viewpoints, innovation and excitement.





 find urban destinations  





























new properties + destinations





































                 kimpton tres rios
            

now accepting reservations in riviera maya, mexico
discover kimpton tres ríos, where all-inclusive luxury meets the lush beauty of riviera maya. unwind at kej spa or explore eco-trails and cenotes.





 more about kimpton tres rios 





























 kimpton los monteros marbella


now accepting reservations in marbella, spain
kimpton los monteros is an ode to the mediterranean at its finest, with different gastronomic spaces, swimming pool, spa, sports areas and views.





 more about kimpton los monteros marbella 





























 kimpton atlântico algarve


now accepting reservations in albufeira, portugal


the kimpton atlântico algarve is located in albufeira, with direct access to são rafael beach.







 more about kimpton atlântico algarve 





























                 kimpton virgilio
            

now open in mexico city
mexico’s biggest and most vivacious metropolis has captivated travelers for decades and now will have kimpton virgilio in the heart of polanco.





 more about kimpton virgilio 





























 kimpton claret hotel


now open in denver, co


at the nexus of urban charm and outdoor wonder, you’ll find the kimpton claret hotel. this highly anticipated hotel is in the fast-developing belleview station neighborhood and features a 19th-floor rooftop bar.







 more about kimpton claret hotel 





























                 kimpton santo hotel
            

now open in san antonio, tx
equal parts historic charm and modern luxury, san antonio’s kimpton santo hotel beautifully blends the vintage with the new. 





 more about kimpton santo hotel 





























                 kimpton bem budapest
            

now open in budapest, hungary
kimpton’s luxurious new bem budapest hotel in central budapest is perfectly positioned for soaking up the hungarian capital’s world heritage sites, world-famous thermal spas, and eclectic nightlife.





 more about kimpton bem budapest 





























 kimpton las mercedes


now open in santo domingo
right at home in the historic zone of the dominican republic’s capital, our santo domingo hotel is a caribbean cultural oasis perfect for both exploration and relaxation.  





 more about kimpton las mercedes 





























 kimpton mas olas resort & spa


now open in baja california, mexico


an adults-only resort that welcomes with cultural richness, locally inspired restaurants, and panoramic views of the mountains and pacific ocean.







 more about kimpton mas olas resort & spa 





























                 kimpton grand roatán resort & spa
            

now open in roatan, honduras
located on the island's iconic iron shore, the kimpton grand roatán resort & spa blends relaxation with nature.





 more about kimpton grand roatán resort & spa 





























 kimpton qiantan shanghai


now open in shanghai, china
a trendy social center with curated art, a fusion of parisian and shanghainese design, and destination restaurants and bars. 





 more about kimpton qiantan shanghai 























from our blog

















 




see all articles















































                 ihg one rewards
            

ihg one rewards members, experience exclusive benefits and earn points at 6,000+ destinations worldwide to redeem for reward nights and more.





 learn more 























home





home















							social media










































											quick links



																		special offers



																			 ihg® one rewards



																		kimpton inner circle



																			 last minute deals



																		ihg® business edge



																			 gift cards



																	chat with us





														about us



																		kimpton experience



																		kimpton blog life is suite



																		kimpton history



																		social responsibility



																		careers



																		shop kimpton style

 


														get in touch



																					contact us



																					sign up for emails



																					get social


                                                                            	media room



																					travel professionals



                                                                                    feedback



                                                                                    feedback

 

















							 book online
or call: 
1 877 834 3613


costs 13p per minute + phone company's access charge
























book with us advantage


best price guarantee
we promise you the lowest available price online, or we’ll match it and give you five times the ihg® one rewards points, up to a 40,000-point maximum.


online reservation guarantee
your room is guaranteed.


no booking fees!
we do not charge any booking fees for making reservations directly with us.


data privacy and site security
ihg takes your privacy seriously and works to protect you. all personal information you provide is encrypted and secure.














to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website, we use machine translation for portions of the content featured on this page.










kimpton hotel & restaurant group, llc © 2025

privacy and cookie center


do not sell my personal info


sitemap















cookie usage and settings
the standard cookie policy for this website is to allow all cookies. this helps to ensure you have the optimal experience. if you would like to continue with our optimal website experience, you don't need to make any changes. if you would like to learn more about how we use cookies or change your settings, you can use the link at the bottom of any page at any time.








calls to 0871 numbers, when dialed from the uk, cost 13p per minute. standard network rates apply. calls from mobiles will be higher.


call
cancel










we are sorry, our system is temporarily unavailable.  please try again later or contact the ihg® rewards club customer care center for assistance.






















