



celebrating and nurturing traditional music and dance since 1977 | old songs — music with roots

















































 
















































donate
tickets
parking
live concerts
instrument classes
community dance
spring workshops
old songs festival
myom
old songs: from the vault
black creek fiddlers’ reunion
past concerts
past productions
store
about old songs
support old songs
directions
volunteer
subscribe to oure-mail list
full calendar















register now for spring instrument classes & workshops:

classes beginning in march: accordion, ukulele, guitar and mountain dulcimer!
hammered dulcimer day with dan duggan on saturday, march 29
spring into uke with stuart fuchs, ken luk, & ron gordon on saturday, may 10


the annual appeal for old songs

since 1977, the unwavering support of our community and the extended old songs family has made it possible for us to succeed in our mission each year, keeping traditional music and dance alive through the presentation of festivals, concerts, dances, and educational programs. (read more…)



house of hamill — live at old songs
friday, february 14 at 7:30 pm et

engaging, eclectic — whether ripping through a set of jigs and reels, adding lush three-part harmonies to traditional folk ballads, or cracking up an audience with stories from the road, house of hamill puts on a show that captivates audiences from the very first note. houseofhamill.com
buy tickets:


the concert will be held in person at the old songs building (37 s main in voorheesville) and live-streamed on the old songs youtube channel.




sean dagher — live at old songs
friday, february 28 at 7:30 pm et

seán dagher is an active performer, arranger, and composer of music from various folk and classical music traditions: celtic, baroque, medieval, arabic, french-canadian, and maritime. seán sings and plays irish bouzouki, mandolin, oud, and banjo. seán’s voice is widely known from his recordings for the assassin’s creed video game series, including black flag. his renditions of sea shanties and other songs from the games have been streamed some 70 million times. his own shanty of the week video series receives thousands of views a week and has a loyal following the world over. youtube channel


buy tickets:


the concert will be held in person at the old songs building (37 s main in voorheesville) and live-streamed on the old songs youtube channel.



old songs: from the vault
next broadcast: sunday, feb 16 at 6 pm et 
every third sunday of the month at 6 pm et 
with encore broadcasts at 11 pm et and the following wednesday at noon et
old songs, in collaboration with ron olesko’s folk music notebook, is pleased to present old songs: from the vault, an internet radio program hosted by chris koldewey on folk music notebook. this program brings you music from old songs cds and recordings made at the dutch barn and the main stage of the old songs festival at the altamont fairgrounds over the past 39 years.
listen here or at folkmusicnotebook.com

make your own music
mondays
2nd monday of the month (sept. – may)
bluegrass jam: 6:30 pm led by tom behan. recommended $5 donation
3rd monday of the month (sept. – may)
african drum class: 7:00 pm african drumming with instructor john dickson. drums are provided. $15 class fee

wednesdays
1st wednesday of the month (sept. – may)
open mic: 7:30 pm sign up to perform 15 minutes. with kate blain, mc. $3
2nd wednesday of the month (sept. – may)
old time jam: 7:30 pm led by the fearless fretters. recommended $5 donation
3rd wednesday of the month
traditional irish slow session: 7:30 pm 
play traditional irish music with others. led by sean mccorkle. recommended $5 donation
sundays
2nd sunday of the month (oct. – may)
the pick’n’ & sing’n’ gather’n’ (psg): 1 pm a sing-around for the whole family. pickingandsinging.org

the annual appeal for old songs

since 1977, the unwavering support of our community and the extended old songs family has made it possible for us to succeed in our mission each year, keeping traditional music and dance alive through the presentation of festivals, concerts, dances, and educational programs. (read more…)



missed a concert? watch them here! 

 programming at old songs is made possible by the new york state council on the arts with the support of the office of the governor and the new york state legislature.










old songs, inc. is a not-for-profit, educational, 501(c)3 corporation

virtual office hours: monday–friday, 11 am–4 pm.po box 466 • 37 s main • voorheesville, ny 12186-0466(518) 765-2815 • info@oldsongs.org














 

 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website












































