
























ccnm home | ccnm











      skip to main content
    






























canadian college of naturopathic medicine
























student login










search











search
























































main navigation














about

about ccnm
history
welcome
vision and mission
land acknowledgement
governance
senior leadership team
academic leadership
accreditation
toronto campus policies
boucher campus policies
continuity of education
clinics
library
publications




campuses

toronto campus
boucher campus




future students

apply now!

admissions

academic requirements
students from outside canada
how we decide
tuition fees
financial assistance
accessibility and student support



international medical graduates (img)
scholarships & bursaries
academic calendar

prerequisite science courses

prerequisite science courses policies



ccnm in your town
discover ccnm / campus tours
living on campus
living off campus
student life




alumni


continuing education

course catalog
course proposal form




alumni benefits and services

alumni magazines
alumni resources



nd career opportunities
graduate successes

residency opportunities

hosting a naturopathic residency



preceptorships
ccnm homecoming 2025




research

best-in-class research
abstracts
research faculty
primary research
participate in primary research

patterson institute for integrative oncology research

our research
our mission
our founding donors
our team



research policies




connect

discover ccnm campus tour
college directory
getting to ccnm / accessiblity
ccnm press
careers at ccnm




support ccnm

donate
support our students

the gratitude initiative

show your gratitude



legacy giving
karim lecture series

corporate sponsorship

corporate supporters



health fairs





























































become an nd at one of our two great campuses!
apply now
torontometro vancouver
 
 



















the elevator at the ccnm - toronto campus is currently out of service. we are working to resolve the issue and apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.




















toronto, ontario
ccnm – toronto
ccnm – toronto campus offers the only doctor of naturopathy degree in canada through its four-year, full-time naturopathic medicine program.
learn more





metro vancouver, british columbia
ccnm – boucher
located in new westminster, the ccnm – boucher campus offers an intimate learning atmosphere with small class sizes and the opportunity to learn from world-class instructors.
learn more

















ccnm community news












































alumni magazine issue #32
in this issue of mind | body | spirit, we celebrate the class of 2024 and the new beginnings taking root.
read the issue


posted on october 25, 2024





























first-ever study of its kind explores the role of nutrition in managing generalized anxiety disorder
a pilot study led by dr. monique aucoin nd, m.sc., is shining a light on diet and supplementation in the management of generalized anxiety disorder.
read more


posted on september 26, 2024





























ccnm and trent university create early entry pathway (eep) for trent students interested in applying to ccnm
ccnm is excited to announce an early entry pathway (eep) for trent university students, allowing eligible students to be considered and offered conditional acceptance to ccnm in their second year of study.
read more


posted on september 13, 2024
















 











explore ccnm











































expanding our canadian reach, now with two campuses





ccnm offers a choice of two campuses – toronto and new westminster, b.c. – ensuring that our graduates are well-prepared for successful careers as naturopathic doctors, no matter where they decide to practice.






apply today


























ccnm offers naturopathic medicine bridge delivery for international medical graduates





the first-ever naturopathic medicine bridge delivery for international medical graduates is at ccnm. this program enables foreign- trained medical doctors living in canada to further their careers as naturopathic doctors.






apply today


























ccnm’s continuing education department promotes ongoing professional development





our ce catalogue contains an extensive roster of upcoming courses, webinars, and on-demand courses to meet the growing needs of the naturopathic profession, allied health-care providers, and the public.






continuing education




























ccnm operates several naturopathic teaching clinics





ccnm’s teaching clinics include the schad naturopathic clinic, boucher naturopathic clinic, ccnm integrative cancer clinic, peel naturopathic clinic, and several community health centres.






ccnm clinics


























ccnm’s best-in-class research has been published in top-tier medical journals





our research department is a leader in advancing our understanding of complementary and naturopathic medicine as a contributor to a sustainable health-care system.






ccnm research


























home to ccnm press, a key publisher in the field of naturopathic medicine





ccnm press is dedicated to publishing high quality textbooks, clinical reference materials, scholarly monographs, and consumer trade books in the field of naturopathic and integrative medicine.






purchase books














 













dr. andrea maxim, nd (class of 2011)
graduate success
class of 2011 grad dr. andrea maxim, nd, shares her experience of building a practice and brand that is unique.
read more





alumni magazine issue #32
mind | body | spirit
a new beginning
read more





















































‌

educating naturopathic doctors 
for over 45 years 
member of the association of accredited
naturopathic medical colleges




‌

ccnm - toronto campus
1255 sheppard avenue east
toronto, ontario m2k 1e2
college: (416) 498-1255 or
1 (866) 241-2266 (toll-free)
schad naturopathic clinic:
(416) 498-9763info@ccnm.edu

 
 
 
 




‌

ccnm - boucher campus
#330 – 435 columbia street
new westminster, bc v3l 5n8
(604) 777-9981
boucher naturopathic clinic:
(604) 540-2873info@ccnm.edu

 
 
 
 
 


























