


black belt systems pcb products














 prevordering site map glossary next 

§ 1  - black belt systems pcb products
inexpensive, easy-to-build, high-quality, multi-role electronic circuit boards that solve contemporary problems.
these boards were designed specifically with makers, hardware hackers, aros, and electronic hobbyists in mind.





power block pcb set2.5" by 2.5" (63.5 by 63.5 mm)
§ 1.1  - power block
multiple role, linear, zero-rfi power supply pcb set
 $4.99 usd, + $1.99 usd shipping — in stock





the power block can be built to provide one or two power supplies, with or without regulation, as a single positive or negative supply, as both a positive and negative supply, as a dual positive and positive supply, or as a dual negative and negative supply.
for low power builds, 78xx or 79xx series regulator ics, or compatibles, may be mounted directly on the main pcb. for higher power builds, two reversible, remote regulator mount pcbs incorporating on-board regulator filtering are provided. each remote board is suitable for either positive or negative regulators. these enable mounting of regulator ics to larger, off-board heat sinks.
two battery backup inputs are provided, one per power supply, and when either of the two power supplies are built as regulated supplies, the power block also provides unregulated voltage outputs.
every configuration is fully documented, parts are both readily available and inexpensive, and connecting up the board is very easy. enjoy expert advice and custom calculators, as well as links to parts sources, all aimed at making sure you can achieve a successful build.
for lots more details, click here.

§ 1.2  - mixer block
multiple role, mono or stereo mixer, amplifier, or buffer pcb
 $4.99 usd, + $1.99 shipping — in stock





mixer block pcb2.5" by 2.5" (63.5mm by 63.5mm)
the modern desktop is often home to multiple audio sources. the question that almost everyone usually ends up asking is "okay, which one do i want to hear right now?"
well, what if you could hear them all at once? how does up to eight input stereo sound sources mixed down to one stereo output pair sound to you? fun, right?
that's not all you can do with a mixer block, either. just by configuring its four jumper headers according to the matching build guide, you can select  a monophonic mixer with up to fifteen input channels, or a monophonic or stereo line-level amplifier, or as a dual output, fully isolated monophonic buffer, (very handy to drive metering systems without compromising your input signal), and more.
mixer blocks are designed to be stackable to achieve larger mixers or other varied functionality. every configuration is fully documented. they'll also stack nicely with a power block, and just one power block can power a lot of mixer blocks.
for more details, click here.

 
§ 1.3  - 9-pin tube (b9a base) prototyping pcb
general purpose prototyping board for b9a based tubes
 $4.99 usd, + $1.99 usd shipping — in stock





9-pin tube prototyping pcb2.5" by 2.5" (63.5 by 63.5 mm)
this pcb is pinned out for a 9-pin tube socket (a b9a socket.) on the bottom of the board, well thought-out trace connections between adjacent prototyping pads (details here) are provided so that components may be installed on the board with a minimum of additional interconnect wiring. many designs will require no interconnect wiring at all.
in addition, this pcb provides for .200 inch edge connectors for up to eight external connections. additional connections can also be made directly to any .031 via location on the pcb if required.
this pcb is designed to help you steer the tube prototyping task away from a mare's nest of wiring, towards an organized, clean assembly that is easy to design and easy to work with once your prototype is assembled.
the 9-pin tubes this board is designed to accommodate include the 6dj8, 12ax7, 12au6 and similar; anything with a b9a tube base will fit into a socket mounted on this board.
for more details, click here.

 
§ 1.4  - 7-pin tube (b7g base) prototyping pcb
general purpose prototyping board for b7g based tubes
 $4.99 usd, + $1.99 usd shipping — in stock





7-pin tube prototyping pcb2.5" by 2.5" (63.5 by 63.5 mm)
this pcb is pinned out for a 7-pin tube socket (a b7g socket.) on the bottom of the board, well thought-out trace connections between adjacent prototyping pads (details here) are provided so that components may be installed on the board with a minimum of additional interconnect wiring. many designs will require no interconnect wiring at all.
in addition, this pcb provides for .200 inch edge connectors for up to eight external connections. additional connections can also be made directly to any .031 via location on the pcb if required.
this pcb is designed to help you steer the tube prototyping task away from a mare's nest of wiring, towards an organized, clean assembly that is easy to design and easy to work with once your prototype is assembled.
the 7-pin tubes this board is designed to accommodate include the 6aq5, 6au6, oa2 and similar; anything with a b7g tube base will fit into a socket mounted on this board.
for more details, click here.

 

website keyboard navigation

, previous page
. next page
o ordering
g glossary

s sitemap
u updates

 prevordering site map glossary next 
this web site was created with wtfm
wtfm uses aa_macro and sqlite
wtfm and aa_macro are coded in python 2.7



