

ginseng seeds, ginseng rootlets, stratified ginseng seed starter kits, ginseng products, and goldenseal: harding's ginseng farm




























	 








 



				harding's wild mountain herbs
 








 
  
				
  
				
  
				
 






 harding's 100% forest grown wild-simulated ginseng


located in the northwestern corner of maryland, in 
		the heart of the appalachian mountains, in the small town of 
		friendsville, where conditions are perfect for growing wild 
		simulated ginseng and goldenseal.  our ginseng is prized for its 
		wild characteristics, taste, color, texture and high concentration of ginsenoside.

		we offer a spectacular 
		variety of products:  ginseng capsules, ginseng powder, ginseng 
		seed, ginseng root, ginseng rootlets, ginseng berry concentrate, ginseng wine, 
		high quality ginseng root and powder, high quality 
		goldenseal root, goldenseal rootlets and goldenseal powder.

		we are always coming up 
		with new ways for you to benefit from what we have to offer such as our 
		ginseng growing kits for the novice ginseng planter as well as the 
		seasoned ginseng expert, not to mention the wealth of information we 
		will provide you from beginning to end throughout your experience.

		please take the time to 
		browse through the website and enjoy the savings we have to 
		offer.  our mission is to give you a premium high potency product 
		at a reasonable price, with knowledgeable and friendly service.
 


larry harding.
email:
		ginseng@hardingsginsengfarm.com









grow with the king of ginseng 

 
larry harding
 
 


				with over 50 years of experience in growing high quality forest grown wild-simulated ginseng and goldenseal.

				 

order now to take advantage of our







holiday special!!






 



						buy one, get one free on any ginseng seeds, rootlets, and starter kits!!
					


 

**  while supplies last  **



 


 
 
 

100% pure american ginseng berry concentrate

				buy two 8oz jars of american ginseng berry concentrate, and receive one 8oz jar absolutely free!!
*while supplies last*




				(click here)  




 
           
           


appalachian beginning forest farmer coalition

interview with a forest farmer 
 
		
		featuring: larry harding








woods cultivated ginseng

from the field to the forest 
 
		
		featuring: larry harding








maryland public 
		broadcasting

 
		
		featuring: larry harding








west virginia public 
		broadcasting


can ginseng help west virginia's economy? 
  
		
		featuring: larry harding









whole foods 
				market: video
 

with harding's 
				ginseng farm






the american ginseng museum

the history of american ginseng 
 
		
		featuring photography by: larry harding










read about the  



million dollar man shaped root 
 


"hidden in plain sight amid 
				the forest undergrowth, larry harding grows his prized crop"

(washington city paper, 
				franklin schneider) 








read a feature article on 
					ginseng with 
					information and images from


  harding's 
					wild mountain herbs

 


(mountain discoveries 
					magazine, written by dan whetzel, photography by lance c. 
					bell)  




           









harding's wild mountain herbs 



					6259 friendsville road,  p.o. box 53, friendsville, md 
					21531                    
                  	301-746-5380 ~ 
					fax (301)746-4516
toll free                      
                	1-800-478-5394

ginseng@hardingsginsengfarm.com


note: paypal withholds a transaction fee from every order, which is non-refundable.  
						therefore, orders canceled for any reason will be refunded less the paypal transaction fee.
					




















			all text, images and graphics are ©harding's 
			wild mountain herbs 2008-2024
            all rights reserved ~ no usage or reproduction is allowed without 
			expressed written consent.


  







 

