






teresa g. phillips - bradford county tax collector
























home


tax collector's office


customer survey


legal holidays


due dates & discounts


documents


helpful links





home


search property taxes


 pay property taxes


 services


 location


 contact us















tax collector of bradford county

                        thank you for visiting our website. we now provide you with real time payments on property taxes and more history information that you can print.  also we can process your concealed weapons application in our starke office.  this service includes original and renewals.
                        our goal is to provide you, the citizens and taxpayers of bradford county with efficient cost-effective tax services. premier customer service for our taxpayers will always be our number one priority. please email or call me with any comments or questions you may have regarding this website or any of the services we provide.
                    
warm regards,
teresa g. phillips cfc















        bradford county branch office: notice of temporary closure
        
            click here to view more information
        

        concealed weapon or firearm license application at tax collectors’ offices toolkit: website update
        
            click here to view more information
        








our services




pay taxes 





property tax information 





hunting & fishing 





concealed weapons 





vehicle registration 





driver's license 















access our online tax sale site

                    according to florida statutes, on or before june 1, a tax certificate sale must be held. this is a public auction held by the tax collector where a tax certificate is sold to the party who will pay the property owner's tax and accept the lowest interest rate when redemption of the delinquent taxes is made. we hope you enjoyed your recent experience with the bradford county tax collector’s office. by sharing your opinions and offering feedback, we can continually work to improve our services. please contact our offices for information on accessing the portal after the tax sale is complete.
                

click here 








tax collector of bradford county




pay your property taxes
click here 





renew your vehicle registration
click here 





renew your driver's license
click here 








office location and hours


bradford county tax collector main office - starke fl
teresa g. phillips cfc
904-966-6235 or 904-966-6246
location : 945 north temple ave. suite b, starke, fl 32091-0969
mailing : po box 969 starke fl  32091
taxes/special asmts :  904-966-6246
tags/driver lic/sports lic :  904-966-6240   fax: 904-964-9063
hours: reg. office 8:00 to 4:30
title transfer office hours: 8:00am-4:30pm
drivers license: 8:00 to 4:15
email:  tax@bradfordcountyfl.gov










bradford county branch office: notice of temporary closure
			

		            click here to view more information
		         

bradford courthouse branch office 
teresa g. phillips cfc
904-368-3950
location : 3979 se 8th ave  melrose fl  32666-5245 (21b or speedville rd) 
fax :904-368-3953
hours: 8:00 to 4:00
closed 1:00 to 2:00 for lunch
email:  tax@bradfordcountyfl.gov







concealed weapon licenses





we are processing concealed weapons permits, for your statewide concealed weapon license permit at the bradford county tax collector’s office. for more information and frequently asked questions/answers, access our concealed weapons permit page under the services tab above, or
click here 







florida concealed weapon license applications are processed by the florida department of agriculture and consumer services. due to rising demand, tax collector offices have been given authority to take applications, fingerprint the applicants, and send the information securely to the department for final determination.

click here








latest news




                        bradford county tax collector’s office announces replacement concealed weapon license services
                    

residents are now able to replace their statewide concealed weapon license at the office of tax collector, teresa g phillips.

                        florida commissioner of agriculture wilton simpson partnered with teresa g phillips tax collector to pass legislation that allows our office to offer replacement concealed weapon license services.
                    

                        don’t waste time mailing your application. stop by bradford county tax collector’s office and apply in person. for more information, please go to www.bradfordtaxcollector.com  . or give us a call.
                    




emergency contact database 
register your emergency contacts today! this information may save crucial time if it is ever necessary to contact family members, or loved ones. the highway safety and motor vehicles' emergency contact program helps them do just that. emergency contact information and registration.




latest license agent bulletin october 2024 

                        governor ron desantis encouraged floridians to go outdoors and explore florida’s
                        natural resources. governor desantis signed an executive order directing the florida fish and
                        wildlife conservation commission (fwc) to provide a discount on hunting and fishing licenses.
                        beginning october 25, 2024, and extending through january 3, 2025, a 50% discount will apply
                        to the annual resident gold sportsman license, 5-year gold sportsman license, and youth
                        lifetime sportsman licenses (for ages 0-17), and the annual resident freshwater fishing /
                        saltwater fishing combination license will be discounted to $5.
                    

view more 









access our online tax sale site
we hope you enjoyed your recent experience with the bradford county tax collector’s office. by sharing your opinions and offering feedback, we can continually work to improve our services.




road testing

                        is administered for bradford county residents only. call our office to make an appointment at: 904-966-6235 or 904-966-6246.   please bring your drivers license,  current registration to the vehicle you will be testing in and proof of insurance.
                    








gallery













view more 







florida tax collectors

alachua
baker
bay
bradford
brevard
broward
calhoun
charlotte
citrus
clay
collier
columbia
desoto
dixie
duval
escambia
flagler
franklin
gadsden
gilchrist
glades
gulf
hamilton
hardee
hendry
hernando
highlands
hillsborough
holmes
indian river
jackson
jefferson
lafayette
lake
lee
leon
levy
liberty
madison
manatee
marion
martin
miami-dade
monroe
nassau
okaloosa
okeechobee
orange
osceola
palm beach
pasco
pinellas
polk
putnam
santa rosa
sarasota
seminole
st. johns
st. lucie
sumter
suwannee
taylor
union
volusia
wakulla
walton
washington







bradford county tax collector

location :  945 north temple ave. suite b starke, fl 32091-0969
mailing :  po box 969 starke fl  32091
monday - friday hours: reg. office 8:00am to 4:30pm 
drivers license 8:00am to 4:15pm


904-966-6246
 tax@bradfordcountyfl.gov



quick links


search property taxes


pay property taxes


services


location


contact us




 property taxes


personal property


delinquent taxes


tax certificates


millage rates


county certificates


tax glossary




services


tag renewal online


tag & title


hunting & fishing


concealed weapon


view online forms


download form viewer


helpful links








privacy policy
all rights reserved.  © copyright www.visualgov.com 1999-2023

















