











church of the second exodus :: biblical prophecies of end times
































































 
























home
intro
statement
on the air
biblical commentaries
speaking schedule
ebooks
video
give now
contact

search












 





"for, behold, the days come, says the lord,that i will turn again the captivity of my people israel and judah, says the lord;and i will cause them to return to the land that i gave to their fathers,and they shall possess it."jeremiah 30:3[new heart english bible]






did you ever wonder what it was like for the hebrews walking on the dry sand of the red sea with the pillar of fire towering over them and moses, the lord’s anointed before them, carrying his staff, the rod of god, in his hand?“the lord said, i will bring again from bashan,i will bring my people again from the depths of the sea:”psalms 68:22




read more about the second exodus




statement of intent



we are a group of people who believe the lord god is going to do something wonderful in the very near future [our life time] that will affect the earth and all creation even more than the ancient exodus of the hebrew tribes [all 12 of them] out of egypt did.and it will have to happen:


before messiah ben david (who is jesus) can return



before the rapture can happen



before the dreaded antichrist can reveal himself to the world



after the united states of america is destroyed by her enemies



after the secular jewish state of israel in the middle east is destroyed



after japan is conquered and then merged into the new kingdom of china



after the reemergence of the russian czar’s direct bloodline descendant of the romanovs and the empire of all the russia’s is formed



after communism is thrown out of china and replaced with the formation of the royal empire of china and the dna descendant of the last emperor of china sits upon the dragon throne again


 “for though thy people israel [10 tribes] be as the sand of the sea, yet a remnant [christians/10 tribes & jews] of them shall return [second exodus]: the consumption decreed [heavenly wrath] shall overflow with righteousness.”isaiah 10:22 (kjv)it’s going to happen again! [it did not happen in 1948]"and it shall come to pass in that day [last days], that the lord shall set his hand again the second time [second exodus] to recover the remnant [christians/10 tribes & jews] of his people, which shall be left, from assyria, and from egypt, and from pathros, and from cush, and from elam, and from shinar, and from hamath, and from the islands of the sea [world wide return].”isaiah 11:11


the pre-tribulation



the tribulation



the post-tribulation

events have been hidden from you, to herd you in a dark direction.the illuminati / secret societies / satan considers you cattle to be herded.  stop mooing and start learning!note: all words in [ blue ] are not the holy scripture but our own educated opinion!








wake the dawnon the air


“awake, lyre and harp! i will wake the dawn.”psalms 108:2 (nab)


































nothing found!










biblical audio commentaries





listen now



listen now



listen now



listen now



listen now



listen now



listen now



listen now













speaking engagementsschedule


the new speaking schedule for 2024 will be announced soon.


sign up to receive the latest update

 















[recaptcha id:google-recaptcha]



books


voice of the prophets series


“erect markers, set up sign posts…”
– jeremiah 31:21 (tanakh) –


read now



read now



read now



read now



read now



read now

online video




watch now













about the author












five stone support


sitting here on the side of the hill is safe.
safe is good.
safe doesn’t hurt!
the entire army is safe here with me, on the side of this hill.
i’m just a boy.
what can one boy do?
my brothers say i ask too many questions.
“shut up!” and to quit bothering their comrades in arms.
“get back to the few sheep before they wander off!”
without a shepherd sheep tend to wander off.
but when a lion or bear shows up it’s always in a valley.
then we sheep bunch up in fear on the hill sides…
… where it’s safe!
adam trying to keep his marriage safe, bit into the apple.
cain thought his reputation would remain safe, so he killed his brother!
people stood safely on a hillside laughing at the crazy man in the valley building a boat,
miles away from any water.
then the rain started to fall!
a multitude of voters thought living in a big city was safe, so they built a tower!
i’ve had a belly full of safe!
the valley’s scary…and as my brothers and the king keep reminding me,
i’m just one boy! what can i do?
but the valley is where the giants are
and giants won’t stay in the valley forever
while the army of israel live in fear and ignorance on this hillside!
i need five stones –
smooth to fly swift –
solid to penetrate deep.
i need five stones because this giant has four brothers
and all i have is a sling…
i didn’t bring a sword.
i intend to use the giant’s
to cut his head off!

“therefore, behold, the days come, saith the lord, that it shall no more be said, the lord liveth, that brought up the children of israel out of the land of egypt; but, the lord liveth, that brought up the children of israel from the land of the north, and from all the lands whither he had driven them: and i will bring them again into their land (the second exodus which is yet to happen) that i gave unto their fathers.”jeremiah 16:14,15 (kjv)the “church of the second exodus” is an online group of people who are standing on the lord’s promise!
the “five stones” financial support is a recurring $5 per month from you, to keep our sling loaded with stones to slay any and all giants (goliath had 4 brothers) who wish to stand in the valley before us!
without the “five stones”, david’s empty sling could not have brought down the giant.  then it would have fallen to hand-to-hand combat! we have been fighting “hand-to-hand” combat with the giants. it’s time to step it up!
thank you for your support.

wake the dawnsupport air timeif you would like to mail in your support,
please make the check or money order out to dan griffey and send to:
dan griffey
3101 west 6th street suite 470217
fort worth, texas 76147-9998





the second exodusread dan bertran griffey's the voice of the prophets series, which unravels the mystery of all biblical prophecies in the seven-year tribulation period.
read now




messiah ben josephhe gathers all the hebrew tribes together (which also include the christians grafted into the olive tree – romans 11:24) from the four corners of the earth and leads them in the great second exodus back to the holy land. there the lord (through messiah ben joseph) destroys gog's army of world war 3.
learn moreget in touch


3101 west 6th streetste 470217fort worth, texas 76147+1 817 569 6444churchofthesecondexodus@gmail.comsend emailfacebook youtube rumblesubscribe to our newsletter



 















[recaptcha id:google-recaptcha]











© 2025 wake the dawn. all rights reserved

 































