




pet behavior problems.com









 
welcome to pet behavior problems.com a phone, facetime or zoom consultations designed by 
            veterinarians to personally help your dog and cat with behavior 
            problems.



 who 
                are we? 




our staff consists of animal behavior consultants who are veterinarians 
                or animal psychologists including dr. amy marder. we all work together to design unique behavioral 
                therapy programs for each animal. everyone here has advanced degrees 
                (ph.d.,.. masters) and years of experience working with all kinds 
                of animal behavior problems. many of our staff members are considered 
                to be the top veterinary behaviorists in the country. we often teach 
                at veterinary schools, lecture to veterinarians, and have written 
                or contributed to several veterinary textbooks. in addition to helping 
                owned animals in people’s homes, we have also used our expertise 
                to help animals without homes through working with several national 
              humane organizations.  


            

why 
                did we want to start this website? 




animal behavior problems are common and one of the biggest reasons 
                that people give up their animals or treat them harshly. by treating 
                behavior problems we can enhance the relationship between a person 
                and their companion animal and prevent further damage. the phone, facetime or zoom consultations enables 
                us to help people that do not have access to veterinary behaviorists.                


            

 what 
                do we do? 




we do the same things on phone, facetime or zoom consultations for you and your 
                pet that we do in our offices. first we get a very thorough behavioral 
                and medical history. we provide a behavioral history form which 
                we ask you to carefully complete. if possible, we would like your 
                pet's medical records e-mail to us. after we receive 
                all of the necessary information, one of our veterinary behaviorists 
                will provide you with: a diagnosis and explanation of your pet's 
                behavior problem, a personalized treatment plan, and handouts to 
                help you implement the program. if drug therapy is recommended we 
                will be contacting your veterinarian to prescribe the specific medication. 
                if dog training is part of your program, we will work with a trainer 
                in your area. photographs or a 10-15 minutes videotape of your pet’s 
                misbehavior in action are helpful (but not required). follow-ups 
                are done either on-line or by phone.




remember: your pet loves you no matter 
                what you do or who you are.


lexington, ma 02420
tel.: (781) 862-5060


e-mail.

   disclaimer

copyright 1999 - 2022, petbehaviorproblems.com 

dr. amy marder



 
   

dog class sign-up click here


click on the pet's 
            picture that  
applies to you:
 
 
 
 
  
             
  
which pet is best for your life style?

dog training center 
referral form 



  testimony 
            from our clients! 
 our brochure 
            click 
            here
gift certificate 
press release
dog history form 

 




 

