


enlighten-newjersey



















enlighten-newjersey













     


 


"knowledge will forever 
  govern ignorance


 and a people who mean to 
  be their own governors


 must arm themselves with 
  the power which knowledge gives." 














     
     saturday, february 04, 2012
     




 the forgotten man

the forgotten man by jon naughton 



posted by enlighten-newjersey @ 2:34 pm  

      
         
      | 







     
     saturday, september 26, 2009
     




 obamacare





posted by enlighten-newjersey @ 9:23 pm  

      
         
      | 







     
     monday, august 03, 2009
     




 jon corzine's buddy





posted by enlighten-newjersey @ 9:34 am  

      
         
      | 







     
     friday, january 16, 2009
     




 thank you president bush





posted by enlighten-newjersey @ 1:42 pm  

      
         
      | 







     
     friday, november 07, 2008
     




 what a drag!





posted by enlighten-newjersey @ 9:37 am  

      
         
      | 







     
     monday, november 03, 2008
     




 mccain - palin 2008





posted by enlighten-newjersey @ 8:36 am  

      
         
      | 







     
     tuesday, april 15, 2008
     




 new jersey health-care choice act

assemblyman jay webber is proposing legislation that would lower the cost of health insurance in new jersey and reduce the number of uninsured without requiring a subsidy from taxpayers.we’ve supported similar ideas in the past and suggest our lawmakers in trenton give serious consideration to webber’s new jersey health-care choice act. it’s a model for health-care reform that we desperately need and can afford.we’re posting webber’s piece from the daily record that explains his proposal. we hope you will contact your representatives and tell them you want access to quality, affordable health-care insurance through the passage of the new jersey health-care choice act.opening health-care market will lower costsby jay webbernew jersey democrats recently unveiled the latest in a long line of big-ticket spending items: a universal health insurance mandate for new jersey. the plan would require every new jerseyan to buy a health insurance policy, and if one cannot afford a policy, the state would subsidize its cost. the initial annual price tag for this expansion of government is $1.7 billion. gov. jon s. corzine himself has acknowledged that taxpayers simply cannot afford the proposal.and when was the last time we saw a government program come in under budget in new jersey? audits already have found wasteful spending, poor oversight and outright fraud in the state's existing health-care program.our state needs health-care reform to be sure, but there is a better alternative to that taxpayer-funded, bureaucracy-based proposal. my proposed legislation, the new jersey health-care choice act, would instantly lower the cost of health insurance in new jersey, slash the number of uninsured and require no government subsidy.that reform is not another massive government program -- new jersey's politicians got us in the health insurance mess we're in. (we have 1.2 million residents without health insurance at any one time.) in fact, for our politicians' past attempts at health-care "reform," one commentator called new jersey "the 'poster child' for how to destroy a health insurance market."how did the state fail so spectacularly? new jersey law permits individuals to purchase only high-end health insurance policies subject to our state's cumbersome and expensive regulatory requirements, which are arguably the most burdensome in the nation. micromanaging lawmakers have locked us into a hobson's choice of purchasing expensive, gold-plated, one-size-fits-all health coverage, or living with no coverage at all.the government's hyper-regulation of the health insurance market results in our paying as much as three times more for coverage than our neighbors in states such as pennsylvania. the higher costs our regulatory scheme places on new jerseyans are striking. for example, a single female, 29, living in montville will pay $2,040 annually for a bare-bones health policy. across the delaware river in nearby lansdale, pa., the same individual would pay $810 for basic health coverage. a family of four living in parsippany would pay $7,835 annually for low-end coverage; the same family would pay $3,172 in blue bell, pa.my act would permit new jerseyans to access lower prices available in other states by doing something very simple: buy health insurance from insurers approved to sell insurance in other states. individuals, families and small employers would have the right to cross state lines and look for health insurance policies anywhere in the country. they then could purchase the policies that best suit their needs and budgets. nothing would force new jerseyans into buying insurance outside new jersey -- any consumer still would be free to purchase high-end new jersey policies.but many will not continue to shop only in the garden state. policies in our neighboring states are not inferior to those sold here; they are just less encumbered by government regulation. those policies therefore span a much greater range of affordability. think of it this way: while new jersey requires everyone who has health coverage to own "cadillac" policies, other states permit their residents to buy "honda," "chevy," or "cadillac" policies. that increased accessibility encourages more of the uninsured to buy health insurance, greatly reducing the problem of the uninsured -- without costing taxpayers a dime.health-care choice would be especially helpful for those lacking health insurance because they are out of work temporarily. (an estimated 45 percent of our uninsured lack insurance for six months or less, most because they are between jobs.) opening our market to out-of-state insurers will lower the cost of health coverage for those families by as much as 60 percent or more and allow them to maintain health coverage during a tough time without government assistance. costs also will plummet for small employers, who often would provide health coverage for their employees, but cannot afford it.liberating state health insurance markets is a developing trend across the country. legislators in maine, wisconsin, georgia, colorado and california are in various stages of crafting proposals to permit their citizens to go out of state to buy insurance. a bill pending in the u.s. house would accomplish this for everyone in the country.we live in a state that likes to consider itself "progressive" and "cutting edge." if we are as ahead of the curve as we believe ourselves to be, then let's be the first to open our health insurance market to genuine competition from outside the state. by loosening new jersey government's iron-fisted grip on our citizens' health insurance choices, we can make progress on an important social goal and save taxpayers from a mammoth and counterproductive health insurance mandate we cannot afford.



posted by enlighten-newjersey @ 12:19 am  

      
         
      | 










   contact us

email us
blog roll us!

search  


syndication

atom feed
bloglines
feedburner
feedster
add to google
add to my msn
add to my yahoo
news is free



recent posts





the forgotten man
obamacare
jon corzine's buddy
thank you president bush
what a drag!
mccain - palin 2008
new jersey health-care choice act
“progressive” democrats target small-town america
proposed state aid to municipalities
new jersey state budget comparison 2008 vs 2009


archives



november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
april 2008
november 2008
january 2009
august 2009
september 2009
february 2012
   
online journals

national review
opinion journal
real clear politics
weekly standard


blog roll

a blog for all
althouse
 ankle biting pundits
barista of bloomfield avenue
betsy's page
blue crab boulevard
blogs for condi
bob the corgi
brainster's blog
buzzmachine
captain's quarter's
cinnaman
coalition of the swilling 
cwa-nj
dino's forum
daily mail
don surber
dynamobuzz
ecache
exit 4
fausta's blog
gop bloggers
instapundit
joe's journal 
kate spot 
kausfiles.com
little green footballs
michelle malkin
more mnmouth musings
parkway rest stop
patrick ruffini
polipundit
power line
right wing news
roger l. simon
the blue state conservatives
riehl world view
red jersey
right, wing-nut!
sid in the city
tiger hawk
the truth laid bear
tim blair
wizbang


sid in the city




majority accountability project



new jersey blogs





11th and washington 

a blog for all
a planet where apes evolved from man?!?
armies of liberation
atlantic highland muse 
attack of the 15.24 mete

barista of bloomfield avenue
below me 
big windbag
blanton's and ashton's
blue state conservatives
burning feathers
buzzmachine

clifton blogs
coalition of the swilling 
cobweb studios
coffeegrounds 
constitutional conservative
confessions of a jersey goddess 
corzine watch
crazy jackie
cresting acrocorinthus
cripes, suzette!

daniella's misadventures 
did i say that out loud
dojo mojo
dossy's blog
down the shore
dynamobuzz

ecache
enlighten-newjersey
eye on hoboken
exit 4
exit zero
extreme-psychosis

fausta's blog
fausti's book quest 
fractals of change
frenchtown nj blog

gigglechick
gregg gethard's amazing personal journey 
goethe re scape

hoboken rock city

iambillpower 
if this is paradise, i wish i had a lawn-mower 
imaginary therapy
inadmissible evidence
incite 

jersey beat
jersey perspective
jersey side
jersey style 
jersey writers
joe's journal 

karl's corner 
kate spot 

laughing at the pieces
likelihood of confusion
liss is more

mamacita
mary's lame attempt at fame 
media in trouble
michael carroll
mister snitch!
mucknmire 
my life as a rabid blog
my new jersey 

new jersey eminent domain law
nj conservative 
nj fiscal folly
new jersey for change
new jersey weblogs
nj spoken word
northeast corridor

parkway rest stop
philly2hoboken.com
poetic leanings
poor impulse control 
professor kim's news notes 
property tax nj

rain angel
riehl world view

shamrocketship 
shipwrecks
sloppydawg
sluggo needs a nap 
smadanek
static silence

tami,the one true
tammany on the hudson 
tequila shots for the soul 
the art of getting by 
the center of new jersey life
the daily fry
the duc pond
the jersey shore real estate bubble 
the joy of soup
the mark(ings) of zorro
the new wisdom
the nightfly 
the opinion mill
the pink panther 
the political dogs 
the rix mix
this full house
tiger hawk
tomato nation
toxiclabrat 
twisty 

unbillable hours 
usdin.net 

where is the remote
wine goddess

xpatriated texan

links


nj governor
nj legislature
gop gotv
bob menendez information


blog rings


blog explosion
blog directory
blogsnow
blogwise 
blogstreet 
blogshares
blogarama 
blog digger 
daypop 
globe of blogs
blog search engine


ecosystem status



who links here








 













	© enlighten-newjersey 2005 - powered 
        by blogger














