
celtic jewelry, mythical tapestries, celtic clothing, dragon, goddess, pagan and fantasy images by ancient circles































            order 
            by  
            calling
  (707) 889-2449
or by email 





tapestries



jackets & tunics 


goddess gowns 


magic dress


sarongs


scarves


tote bags 





 custom jewelry: 


minoan 
            bee pendants


 spiral harmonizers 







wholesale information
              call annie
              (707) 889-2449 
or email 
  













                    if you get our message machine during business hours, 
                    please leave a message on our email:
info@ancientcircles.com
                    we will call you upon our return
our new sales website is almost updated, 
                    we are temporarily using emails & 
                    paypal as a "shopping cart".
                    thanks for your continuing support of our designs!
please call us at (707) 889-2449 to contact or place an order  
      or use our email: info@ancientcircles.com




magic dress in performance 


"it is absolutely amazing! i received the magic dress and it is beyond all my expectations. the color is perfect for me. it fits like it was made especially for me, it drapes and flows and is beautiful beyond words. i cannot thank you enough for all your hard work to get me the perfect dress." - fawn








celtic items as shown are available
                      in various styles, colors and sizes (many are unisex)



 
 
 








goddess gowns 
cloaks
jackets - out of stock 










ritual robes 
sarongs
scarves










tapestries
tote bags 
winged tunics










jewelry examples - page coming soon





custom & limited items below are available here at ancient circles.com:
by calling 707-889-2449 or sending  email to: orders@ancientcircles.com 



 
 
 







minoan bee pendants 
medieval belt/ornaments
custom circlets











quick silver medallions 
spiral harmonizers 








magic dress






the magic dress:
      magic dresses are an incredible invention! my personal perennial favorite – you look like a million and yet feel like you are in your jammies –fashion at its most comfortable, now that is a magical gift! you can wear your magic dress in a number of different ways to reflect your personal style and the moment’s feeling – it’s an “any and all” occasion dress. say magic dress and click your heels three times…if you could appear in my showroom and try one on – we could play with the many ways to wear it…next best thing is to trust the thousands of women who already own one and wouldn’t be without it! two sizes fits almost everyone…really! 

ceremonial circlets:
annie's custom handmade circlet styles include the infinity circlet, the winged moon circlet, the triple goddess, the crescent moon, celtic wheel, celtic pentagram pentagram fillets and more. 


ancient circles popular, unusual and hard-to-find items include goddess images, ceremonial wear, druid robe, wizard robe, wizard cloak, dragon fairy wing skirt and fairy tunic and pagan jewelry. if you are traveling to ancient sites, you will be happy to protect your skin, and look good while wearing our flowing jackets that fit most sizes and several genders. 

        fantasy for all ages and for all budgets - with just a celtic or dragon print scarf and sarong, you can make magic - take it from me - your fantasy designer. have fun! be happy! honor the past, live fully in the present, and create your own symbolic and mythical future. . .

blessed be!
        annie brigit waters
 









current moon


moon phase info













all rights
                      reserved © 1996
                      
ann w. weller
                      web design: creation-designs.com
                      no portion of this publication may be reproduced or transmittedin
            any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical,
            including by photocopying, recording, scanning, or use of any information
            storage and retrieval system
            without express written permission from ann
            w. weller, proprietor, ancient circles.  
















