







american society of business publication editors – fostering b2b excellence




















































skip to content










about 

about asbpe
leadership
about our chapters
volunteer with asbpe
faq
asbpe educational foundation 

about the foundation
young leaders scholarship




awards 

about asbpe’s awards
2024 azbees gallery
previous asbpe awards honorees
enter the azbee awards
new for 2025
entrants
eligibility
categories
regions
entry fees & deadlines
entry requirements
entrant faqs
judges
about judging
become a judge
judge faqs


events 

national conference
solopreneur: exploring the business of contract journalism
event calendar


members 

membership benefits
become a member
find member services
asbpe code of journalism ethics
webinar archive
helpful links
member login*
* – members only


news 

asbpe news
the asbpe blog
recent posts
awards
design
digital
editorial
ethics
events
freelance


careers 

asbpe career center
view all jobs
post a job


directories 

find a member*
hire a freelancer*
* – members only


contact 

general inquiries
contact a chapter
contact a committee
contact our board


 








american society of business publication editors

fostering b2b excellence










    


awards conference member login





member services
become a member
hire a freelancer












 











join us february 19 for time management tips and tools to help you find work-life balance!register by feb. 18! 

apply for the young leader scholarshipthe asbpe educational foundation's young leader scholarship provides young b2bprofessionals with free registration to asbpevolve: the biggest b2b editorial summit.apply by feb. 21! 

asbpevolve:the biggest b2b editorial summitsave the date to join us from work or home for asbpe's 2025 national conference, may 28-30.registration will open march 3! 

apply for the diversity fellowshipthe 2025-26 asbpe diversity fellowship provides one year of personalized mentorshipand free registration for asbpevolve: the biggest b2b editorial summit.apply by feb. 28! 

webinar: how to cover the trump administration for b2b mediaseasoned journalists share insights on covering the new administrationand strategies for reporting on policy impacts for your audience.members: watch the recording! 

join asbpemembership provides a host of benefits to members.learn the benefits of membership 

asbpe career centerb2b professionals can use the website to find candidates and find new positions.visit asbpe's career center 










welcome to asbpe
asbpe is the professional association for full-time and freelance editors, writers, art directors, and designers employed in the business, trade, and specialty press. if you work as a journalist in the b2b sector, asbpe membership is a “must” to gain access to the targeted training and networking that are so vital to your success in the dynamic world of specialized publications — plus you’ll qualify for the prestigious azbee awards of excellence.
benefits of joining asbpe
membership in asbpe is available to qualifying b2b journalists and other professionals and provides a host of benefits to members.






asbpe
is your voice
our central focus is helping our members develop their editorial, design and management skills, enhance their performance and prepare them to play larger roles in their publishing organizations. no other journalism association can match asbpe’s expertise and engagement in the b2b sector.



network
with your peers
our national conference is a terrific opportunity to network with the profession’s best and brightest. our local chapters bring you together year-round. learn how to deal with the management, technical, and financial issues that are shaping your future as a professional and the future of your publication.



azbee awards
of excellence
our annual azbee awards competition is the largest and most competitive in b2b publishing. the society recognizes excellence — both in print and digital platforms — in more than 50 categories. members are eligible for consideration and can enter the competition at a discounted rate.



all benefits
join asbpe

asbpe news





updates for the 2025 azbee awards 

2025 azbee awards: noteworthy improvements have been made for several categories and the entry process. … read more





2025 azbee awards open for submissions nov. 1 

it’s that time of year – the kids are back in school, the leaves are changing colors, and azbee awards … read more





asbpe educational foundation awards 2024 business journalism scholarship to janani janarthanan 

the asbpe educational foundation awarded its 2024 business journalism scholarship to janani janarthanan.  … read more





asbpe educational foundation names julianne hill as 2024 stephen barr award winner 

the asbpe educational foundation recognizes julianne hill with its 2024 stephen barr award for her aba journal feature article, “parental penalties: collateral consequences reverberate through families long after a sentence has been served.” … read more





more news items »

from the asbpe blog





judging creates value for those who volunteer 

veteran azbee judges share the value and insight they find in judging and what brings them back to volunteer every year. … read more





email newsletter of the year winner trade show executive delivers “the news that matters most” 

trade show executive managing editor madison ryley shares what makes the brand’s “editor’s picks” newsletter resonate with readers. … read more





more blog posts »













learn about the azbee awardsazbee awards
read about our national conferenceconference
view our webinarswebinars
read about ethics in b2b publishingethics
browse member directoriesdirectories





asbpe educational foundation
constitution & bylaws
faq
member login
contact asbpe





facebook feed


twitter feed




asbpe on facebook
asbpeasbpe3 months agohappy halloween, everyone!1view on facebookasbpe4 months agotime to determine which of your favorite articles, cover features, and layouts you want to enter in the azbee awards! our annual competition opens on november 1! https://asbpe.org/asbpe-awards/2view on facebookasbpe7 months ago4view on facebookasbpe9 months agowe started with more than 900 entries!
congrats to all the winners!
https://asbpe.org/news/2024/05/16/2024-national-azbee-awards-winners/1321view on facebookasbpe9 months agotoday is the last day to register for asbpe’s 2024 national conference! don't miss out on all the fun and informative sessions, as well as our azbee awards presentations. 
https://asbpe.org/national-conference/view on facebookasbpe9 months agoat the heart of effective thought leadership is the ability to tell a compelling story, one that resonates with your audience on a human level. https://asbpe.org/blog/2024/05/06/strategic-interviewing-a-blueprint-for-b2b-thought-leadership/31view on facebook 

asbpe on twitter  
                feed them social: facebook feed not loaded, please add your access token from the gear icon tab.            









© 2025 american society of business publication editors | site by insite website design and development






















