






the largest cave entrance in eastern united states - natural stone bridge & caves







































navigation

home
tours

find the right tour for you!
self-guided cave trail
adventure tour
chester challenge hikes
snowshoe trails
virtual tour

activities

something for everyone
kid & family fun
gift shop
rock shop
ice cream shop

plan your trip

visit us

young family fun
pro shopper
local yokel
weekend warrior
teen spirit
pedal pusher
the naturalist
so granola

private groups
school groups
events
weddings

news & events
contact




hometoursfind the right tour for you!self-guided cave trailadventure tourchester challenge hikessnowshoe trailsvirtual touractivitiessomething for everyonekid & family fungift shoprock shopice cream shopplan your tripvisit usyoung family funpro shopperlocal yokelweekend warriorteen spiritpedal pusherthe naturalistso granolaprivate groupsschool groupseventsweddingsnews & eventscontact




natural stone bridge & caves
family owned for over 200 years!




winter season   open weekends fri/sat/sun 10-4, last ticket 2:30open everyday holiday week of feb 17-21park and all trails open with plenty of snow.snowshoes required (we rent if needed)





a natural wonder in new york's adirondack mountains
come explore!   
the massive stone bridge is the largest marble cave entrance in the eastern u.s. and is still being carved by the beautiful trout brook. 

in summer, walk the self-guided and above-ground nature trail to witness this spectacular display of ancient adirondack geology.  
rustic stone-step and gravel trail features the old sawmill site waterfalls, artists' gorge, incredible potholes and of course several surface caves. 
descend into lighted caves and grottos with raging water or tranquil dark pools. 
hourly start time limits often booked full in july/aug.  reserve spots at least 24h in advance. 
walk in spots are available if the hourly limit is not filled.  first come first serve for day of walk-in tickets.
summer tour options
book tours online

in winter, witness a magnificent transformation of landscape as ice flows form everchanging sculptures beneath the stone bridge. 
over 14 miles of trails available including walks along the river, sinkholes, ledges and even two mountain tops.
snowshoe through the woods and return to toast marshmallows by the bonfire.  snowshoes are required, rentals available. 
perhaps try our 6k stone bridge caveman snowshoe race! (discontinued for 2025, but will be back next year)  register here.
winter season - arrive between 10 and 2 and plan on 2h average visit.
winter weekend tour info
book tours online


spend an hour or a day exploring the park activities. 
fun for the whole family exploring our 9 generation family owned property dating back to the revolutionary war!


summer season info:
there are a limited number of visitors allowed to start per hour, but can explore all day.
book tickets at least the day before planned visit to insure availability. 

additional summer activities to do after your self-guided tour:
included with tour purchase includes:

caveman climbing walls
dino dig 
18 hole caveman disc golf course. note:  currently hole 10 is not playable.
catamount and green mountain chester challenge trails  (must start before 1pm).

additional cost items:

gem mining activity with several types and sizes (gemstones/fossils)
geode rock popping/cutting  
extensive rock and gift shop offer many unique items.
food availability is limited to pre-packaged forms. 
visit our stone bridge ice cream stand located 2.5 miles away at the other end of stone bridge rd for frozen treats

all visitors will read, understand, sign a check-in form and follow all park guidelines. 
  

find the right tour for you!













self-guided trail


map & directions


activities











adventurer reviews


my kids loved this beautiful piece of nature. it was a nice hike through nature that was very relaxing. the gift shop is great too!! it's definitely worth the trip!
- mcmahons


we loved it so much, we came back a week later to visit again! in my opinion, it was better than niagara falls! a great hiking tour with breathtaking views of nature at its best. 
- donna novick


this was our first trip to the natural stone bridge, it won't be our last! the views are breath taking, a gem unlike we've ever said. looking forward to our next visit..
- jim & michelle sheehan



leave a review





news & events

annual stone bridge caveman 6k snowshoe race

6k race at natural stone bridge and caves park, home of the largest cave entrance in the east and over 14 miles of snowshoe trails. enjoy views of trout brook and mountain top lookouts while racing on a combination of groomed and single track trails. snowshoe hikers and runners welcome!
natural stone bridge and caves park contin... read more

eco tourism site highlights natural stone bridge and caves
...... read more
all posts









people's park only - please no pets - no drones

stone bridge park hours




winter self-guided snowshoe tour



open for the winter season 

self-guided tour tickets available 10am-2:30pm. 
last tickets sold at 2:30pm. 
close at 4pm. reserve on-line to insure availability
snowshoes required, we have limited rentals available
small gift shop 10am-4pm
closed christmas day
open martin luther king day jan 20
open presidents week everyday feb 17-21



summer self-guided tour
may 17 - september 2 2024
daily

self-guided tours  9am-4:30pm
last tickets sold at 4:30pm 
purchase on line at least 1 day prior to ensure availability
gift/rock shop 9am-6pm
additional hiking trails 9am-1pm, return by 6pm.


fall self-guided tour

september 3 - october 20 2024
daily

self-guided tours 10am-3:30pm  
last tickets sold at 3:30pm.
gift/rock shop 10am-5pm
hiking trails 10am-1pm, return by 5pm.

park is closed:
mid october - mid december
march- late may
christmas day
stone bridge ice cream stand
located 2.5m from the caves, park at corner of 8061 st rt 9 and stone bridge rd.
closed till next spring


natural stone bridge & caves
535 stone bridge roadpottersville, ny 12860518-494-2283 
© 2018 - 2025 all rights reserved








helpful links
plan your trip liability waiverawards and accolades

 
 


stay connected!
media gallery contact ussend us your feedbackjob opportunities








natural stone bridge and caves park


web site design & hosting by nolee-o web design






