








re/max realty plus -





































































 











re/max realty plus
 email us 


 menuhome
agents
homes

our listings
search area properties


buyers

why use re/max realty plus?
real estate 101
buying a home
relocating
resources
mortgage calculator


sellers

why use re/max realty plus?
what’s my home worth
real estate 101


relocating
community

highlands county
sebring
lake placid
avon park


re tools

blog
market reports
what’s my home worth
moving tips
relocating
join re/max
mortgage calculator


about us

who we are
office staff
testimonials


contact us















our listings
re/max realty plus listings







search
find your property







agents
meet our team







blog
what's happening in our area




 





 welcome!  re/max realty plus sebring, florida is the most respected real estate brokerage in all of highlands county.  why?  we have the most respected, knowledgeable, experienced realtors® any home buyer or seller could ask for.
we offer you an experience that is bar-none and it starts right here on our website.  whether you are moving into our amazing area, moving across the lake or just down the road we want your real estate experience to be one that you will share with your friends, so if you are just starting the buying or selling process we offer you all the tools you need to start accomplishing your real estate goals.
ready to begin your journey as a sebring, florida seller?  the first step is allowing our team of experienced and highly regarded real estate professionals create a home evaluation for you, which includes educating you on what is going on in the sebring, florida real estate market as well as highlands county, so you can determine the value of your home so it is priced correctly to sell.
are you ready to find the home to start living out your dreams in?  to start you on the right path, visit the buying a home page which offers you information on the buying process. then we have a great tool called home search – this is a great way to start looking at what is currently on the market.  you fill in the blanks with your criteria and we will send you via email all the homes that meet your criteria and we will also keep you up-to-date on price changes, sold, etc.
as a buyer, you will need to first meet with your lender to do a pre-qualification so when you do start the journey of home buying you are ready to walk in and make a serious offer and be taken seriously.
regardless of where you are in the real estate process, our state-of-the-art website offers you the tools to get started in the right direction.  and, when you are ready to talk to an agent about your real estate goals we are here to listen and guide you.
enjoy our website and if you have any questions, find a home, need for information, please let us know.  we are always happy to answer questions and so much more.
you can contact us by phone, email or complete the form on this page and someone will be in touch within the day.


 

our home office

our team

 














 





 search



search for:
 

featured blog post
2021’s biggest outdoor trendsone of the biggest home improvement categories in the last few years is outdoor living and due to the covid pandemic, the importance has elevated even more. leading renovation and … continue reading...
 



curb appeal
get started


configure

configure and customize
setup widgets
create menus
create a new post or page




add idx

sign up for idx broker




need help?

read the setup guide



 



re/max realty plus
809 us 27 south
sebring, florida 33870
office: 863.385.0077
fax: 863.385.5897
frontdesk@rrpsebring.com






 gallery




 contact us



please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *comment or message *messagesubmit 

 
 © 2025 | remax-realtyplusfl.com | website created and maintained by  kim hughes & company | kimhughes.com
terms of service | privacy policy | sitemap
images courtesy of jeanny campbell, maureen cool, jody mccormick and pam west



 






































