





bobcat of new hampshire | manchester, nh | bobcat® dealer

















































skip to main content


 









like bobcat of new hampshire on facebook! (opens in new window)





follow bobcat of new hampshire on instagram! (opens in new window)






toggle navigation







 chichester
					



603.224.1234






 hudson
					



603.579.9955





 locations
				






home

inventory

new inventory
pre-owned inventory
get a quote
value your trade



rentals

rentals inquiry
bobcat of new hampshire rental rates



parts

parts department
parts request



service

service department
service appointments





employment


dealer info

about us

blog

locations
our company
sales department
meet our staff
employment
read testimonials
submit a testimonial


contact us
local weather
watch our videos




bobcat of new hampshire

9 dover rd
 chichester, nh 03258
us

phone: 603.224.1234
email: mark.blanchard@bobcatnh.com,pete.detone@bobcatnh.com

fax:
			






bobcat of new hampshire - new &amp; used bobcat&reg; equipment, rentals, service, and parts in chichester and hudson, nh, near concord, hooksett, manchester, and nashuabobcat of new hampshire - new &amp; used bobcat&reg; equipment, rentals, service, and parts in chichester and hudson, nh, near concord, hooksett, manchester, and nashua
bobcat t650 track loadershop our catalog of new equipment from bobcat and more
bobcat track loader and utility vehicleshop our inventory of pre-owned equipment in hudson and chichester, new hampshire
bobcat of new hampshire - new &amp; used bobcat&reg; equipment, rentals, service, and parts in chichester and hudson, nh, near concord, hooksett, manchester, and nashuabobcat of new hampshire - new &amp; used bobcat&reg; equipment, rentals, service, and parts in chichester and hudson, nh, near concord, hooksett, manchester, and nashua








previous



pause



next









new inventory
browse new




pre-owned
browse new




rentals
browse rentals




parts dept.
browse parts




service dept.
browse service








loaders
view loaders







excavators
view excavators







utility products
view utility







telehandlers
view telehandlers







attachments
view attachments







looking for something different?

				browse products frommore brands
			















bobcat of new hampshire
serving the community since 1960
bobcat of new hampshire is an authorized bobcat® equipment dealer — the largest in northern new england. we are a dedicated dealer of bobcat® skid-steers, mini-excavators, compact track loaders, telehandlers, innovative utility vehicles, and other equipment and accessories. we also carry towmaster trailers to transport your compact equipment, mbw plate & barrel compactors, and the snowwolf family of snow removal products. family owned and operated from the beginning, bobcat of new hampshire remains committed to our region, its residents, and contractors.

we have one of the largest rental fleets in the region and offer complete winter snow removal equipment rentals and services. you will be renting the newest, most advanced equipment and a full line of rental attachments can help you dramatically boost your productivity.

we are here for all your parts and service needs for the complete line of bobcat equipment dating back to 1960.

above all we offer free advice – with nearly 30 years in the new england region – we understand the area’s soils, weather, and the role compact equipment can have for construction, landscape and snow removal contractors. please stop by either of our two new hampshire locations to learn more about how we can help you accomplish your goals with compact equipment.
our story

















like bobcat of new hampshire on facebook! (opens in new window)






follow bobcat of new hampshire on instagram! (opens in new window)







chichester

603.224.1234

							9 dover rdchichester,
							nh
							03258
						

 map & hours






hudson

603.579.9955

							2 rebel rdhudson,
							nh
							03051
						

 map & hours






quick links

new inventory
pre-owned inventory
parts
rentals
service
dealer info
contact us









policy |
					privacy |
					terms |
					site map


copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved




opens in new window






















