

whip ass gaming
























what
                  bored people are saying about whip ass gaming

search whip ass gaming
(powered by google)

questions,
                        comments, harassment?

general
                        site faq

kitty
            care tips

old, dead sections

rgvs
            memorable quotes

weekend
                projects

whip ass gaming credits

whip ass gaming statistics


now
                up to 19.7 gigs of mediocrity!




last
                update:
                sunday, february 17, 2019 8:53 pm
  (cst)

  * still just messing around, trying to get back in to the groove of working on the site.

  * 1-10: alright, finished adding new higher-res artwork to all mp3s in the sound{e}scapes section.

  * 1-4: as hard as it is to believe, i'm actually working on the site again...damn near 3 years after my last update. just kind of tinkering around with the sound{e}scapes section...still. updating the artwork in the mp3 files to something a bit larger for all our modern devices and whatnot. i still have some more significant changes in store for the section...

  *
  6-13-15: updated the wag stats section with june's numbers. wag hit *6 million* visitors
  on june 25th!


              'ello,

  welcome to whip ass gaming, my personal site devoted to old school gaming,
  3d artwork, videogame music and just about everything else in between. here's
  a quick rundown of what you can expect from the sections in the site:

  a tribute to the women of videogaming: a project five years in the making.
  the tribute is a huge collage consisting of various artwork featuring female
  videogame characters.

  bel's house of rendered women: a huge gallery showcasing artists and their
  3d, female creations. after more than a dozen whopping pages of quality renders,
  things are still going strong. be sure to visit the artist's sites for more
  goodness, these guys rock!

  dirt-cheap pc gaming: this section deals with both
  classic and current pc game reviews, as well as tips on getting them to run.

  old school sega section: reviews for classic sega games across the various
  sega consoles. also features original game print ads, videogame music, animated
  galleries and much, much more.

  psx classics: like the osss, but for the psx. giving quality psx games the
  recognition they deserve.

  sound{e}scapes: videogame music...and lots of it. my personal gaming music
  collection, in a nicely organized section for your listening pleasure.

  the big, heavy-ass xbox section: a mix of in-depth and quick reviews for games
  on the xbox
  system. this section was my one attempt to do something professional-like in
  terms of game reviewing.

  whip ass mameing: the wild and weird world of mame gaming. join me as i trek
  through some of the best, worst and most odd roms out there.

  whip ass videos: a collection of every video on the site. gameplay videos,
  special projects, cinemas and just about everything else in between!

  thanks for visiting and i hope you come back from time to time to see what
  more i've decided to put into wag.

  bel




built
              with dreamweaver mx on windows xp

kitty
              is watching you...






 
best viewed
            in firefox...with a broadband connection, and a hornsby's.
optimal display: 1024 x 768


 










