













indyscribe










home about us contact us indyscribe gear indianapolis all articles syndication feed comments feed 



































810-->









da blue lagone
by michael packer
topic:  restaurants 
posted: thu, jan 28, 2010
|  comments (11)

|  trackback (0)


i was sad to see, as i drove by on my way to work, that after about two years and some odd months (maybe more), da blue lagoon has closed up shop. the restaurant, once located at the intersection of 52nd and college, featured some very fine caribbean food and an especially friendly atmosphere. 
their website is still up, and hopefully they will remain in business for catering, but no where else will i be able to have jerk chicken, festival rolls and fried plantains - all from a staff who loved their food and cared about their customers. rest in peace da blue lagoon.


donatos pizza handing out "big dough" on tax day
by bmundy
topic:  restaurants 
posted: mon, apr 13, 2009
|  comments (7)

|  trackback (0)


we just got wind of this special donatos is putting on: starting at 4:15 p.m. on april 15, the first 200 customers at each indianapolis donatos store can get a hand tossed pizza for just $4.15. you can also get a large cheese or pepperoni pizza for less than $5. since my taxes have not yet been filed (doh!), i may be looking for an alternative to cooking on the 15th. 


the dogs of the monon
by michael packer
topic:  indianapolis living 
posted: mon, mar 30, 2009
|  comments (7)

|  trackback (0)


the mayors action center is a sucking void - a black hole where all things go to die.
trust me on this.
saturday, i ignored the cold and decided to get some yard work in before the snow/rain/whatever passes-for-weather-nowadays started. outfitted dutifully with headphones and a few layers of clothing, i was well into my work when out of the corner of my eye, i saw, what looked like, a pit bull bounding up from behind me.
 continue reading "the dogs of the monon"


hot pics
by michael packer
topic:  indianapolis in the news 
posted: tue, mar 17, 2009
|  comments (5)

|  trackback (0)


i'm a sucker for a pun.
for everyone who missed the blaze that took out the cosmopolitan complex, tod parker has some spectacular photos up on the phototac website.
http://www.phototac.com/3-12-09.htm
phototac is a photographic resource for fire and rescue squads, documenting real life runs. here's some information from the website...
welcome to phototac.com, a place on the internet for indiana firefighters and any other interested individuals to find their photographic documentation of firefighting, rescue, ems, and police.
my purpose is to bring positive exposure to these fields through hi-quality, professional photography as well as providing valid documentation of incidents, either for arson or other important departmental needs. 


lucas oil stadium free tours
by terry wilson
topic:  local attractions 
posted: mon, aug 18, 2008
|  comments (0)

|  trackback (0)



the western facade of indy's new lucas oil stadium.
saturday there were the first tours of the new colts' stadium for those of the citizenry who were not well-heeled enough to afford either to attend the $250 admission opening gala the night before, or season tickets which got you into a more intimate tour the following day. 
 continue reading "lucas oil stadium free tours"


flavor of fishers
by bmundy
topic:  events & festivals  |  restaurants 
posted: wed, jul 30, 2008
|  comments (0)

|  trackback (0)


erik over at laughing stalk gave us a head's up about the flavor of fishers this weekend. 
this is a first ever event, presented by the fishers chamber of commerce and community hospital north, will be held on saturday, august 2, from noon – 10 pm at usa parkway circle (behind sallie mae).
check out erik's site for the complete details!


target grand opening   glendale town center block party
by bmundy
topic:  shopping 
posted: sun, jul 27, 2008
|  comments (2)

|  trackback (0)


target's actual grand opening is today, though they have actually been open since earlier this week. to celebrate target's opening (and the general revitalization of the mall) the glendale town center had a block party yesterday.



 continue reading "target grand opening   glendale town center block party"


well, that's one solution to storm debris!
by terry wilson
topic:  indianapolis living 
posted: fri, jul 25, 2008
|  comments (2)

|  trackback (0)


so we've had some storms the last few weeks.  these storms have had their accompanying damage... branches down, limbs lost, that sort of stuff.  dpw was, for a time, picking up storm debris as long as it was: a.) bundled together with rope, and b.) cut to lengths of less than three feet.
obviously this is a little bit of work. not a lot, mind you, but certainly more than just piling limbs and crap in a big pile on the curb.  so, of course, people in my coffin park neighborhood just piled branches and limbs on the side of the road. 
not surprisingly, dpw didn't pick any of it up.  just like they don't pick up the mattresses, recliners, or busted up ol' chiffarobes people put out, either.  now, with many things eventually the garbage scavengers will come in their rusty pick-ups and take junk like that. (they're like some sort of surprisingly effective carrion 'hood.  anything passably usable set on the curb is typically gone in a matter of minutes) but not even the least discriminating scavenger has a use for old limbs. 
apparently today, after the garbage robot ignored the limbs yet again, the brain trust apparently decided it was time to take action. 
now, what do we burn, apart from witches?... wood! so obviously the solution to having a large pile of storm debris wood on the curb spilling out into the road is to simply set it on fire! problem solved!
so indeed, as i was returning to work from home this afternoon, there was a large bonfire encroaching on the road.  three individuals stood in their yard, admiring their handiwork, probably glad they had the foresight to pull their cars a good three or four lousy feet down the road in either direction so they wouldn't have to worry about, oh i don't know, their gas tanks exploding from the fact a giant fire is raging mere inches away!. 
life in indy, what an adventure! 


uncork your creativity > carrabba’s italian grill
by bmundy
topic:  restaurants 
posted: mon, jul 21, 2008
|  comments (3)

|  trackback (0)


marketeers and wordsmiths may be interested in this press release that came across our inbox.

carrabba’s italian grill invites consumers to help name a new, carrabba’s-exclusive, limited-edition baby super tuscan wine debuting this fall from ruffino.  this is a fun opportunity for one winner to receive a $1,500 epicurean prize package including:

a case of the exclusive ruffino wine
a catered 2008 holiday celebration for 12
a year’s worth of carrabba’s dinners in 2009
entries can be submitted online at www.carrabbas.com until july 31, 2008.



pete best to play indy
by michael packer
topic:  music 
posted: wed, mar 19, 2008
|  comments (0)

|  trackback (0)


this bit of news made me do a double take upon opening my regularly scheduled newsletter from radio radio: on may 21st, 2008, pete best will be at radio radio performing with the pete best band. here's a chance for any rock aficionado to watch one of the founders of rock 'n' roll in a very intimate setting that simply should not be missed.
local staples bigger than elvis will open the night and tickets are only $10 in advance.


marion county public library booksale
by michael packer
topic:  events & festivals 
posted: fri, mar 14, 2008
|  comments (0)

|  trackback (0)


the marion county public library booksale continues through this week-end, with friday being the half-price sale day and saturday being the "$5 for a bag of books" day. even without these great deals, prices start at $1 for a book, so there's no reason not to do a little browsing.
book sales are held at the library services center, which is located at 2450 n. meridian. for more information, visit the marion county library website.


gencon files for chapter 11
by michael packer
topic:  indianapolis in the news 
posted: tue, feb 19, 2008
|  comments (0)

|  trackback (0)


slashdot is reporting that gencon is filing for chapter 11. for those who don't know, gencon is a multi-day games exposition convention, where industry giants set up shop to display their wares and hundreds upon thousands of gaming enthusiasts gather to experience the latest role-playing, card and video games. gencon is held in several cities through out the year, and for the past several, it has made a home in indy.
and we all know that ginormous conventions mean ginormous revenue for the city. downtown businesses prosper, jobs become available and everyone wins. while the early word is that this move will not affect the convention for its stay in indy during august of 2008, it certainly bodes ill for future years. we'll have to see how this particular game plays out.


sunflower market closes
by michael packer
topic:  indianapolis living 
posted: wed, jan 30, 2008
|  comments (10)

|  trackback (0)


after several years at its broad ripple location, sunflower market will be closing up shop in february. however, it's not just this particular location, it's the whole chain.
http://www.bizjournals.com/twincities/stories/2008/01/28/daily11.html

a company spokeswoman said that the division did not meet the company's goals. supervalu had planned to expand the stores nationally as a competitor to larger organic chains like whole foods and wild oats.

http://www.wishtv.com/global/story.asp?s=7787557

indianapolis (wish) - the sunflower market is closing its chain of grocery stores including its location in broad ripple.

the stores are known for their organic foods but officials say it could not compete with other organic stores.

the sunflower market will close the week of february 18th.



trader's point creamery
by bmundy
topic:  indianapolis living 
posted: mon, jan 28, 2008
|  comments (1)

|  trackback (0)


indyscribe reader mark oehler contributed the following review:

i was inspired to finally make the trip by a friend.  she has developed the habit of taking out-of-town guests to the restaurant at trader's point creamery.  like shapiro's or the brickyard, it is a unique central indiana experience - something you can't find everywhere.

 continue reading "trader's point creamery"


mr. flakes
by michael packer
topic:  hoosier oddities 
posted: wed, dec 19, 2007
|  comments (1)

|  trackback (0)


my first thought was "you've got to be kidding me". it's hard to believe, that these works of art are indeed paper. and not just paper, but paper snowflakes. yes - paper snowflakes. 
ryan hoffar, one of indy's own, possesses the unique talent of taking the old snowy-day afternoon kindergarten art class project of making a paper snowflake and turns it into intricate abstract designs, motifs and even silhouette images. instead of the traditional scissors, ryan switched to using razor blades, but the effect is stunning nonetheless.
you can see (and purchase) some of ryans incredible work on his website.











categories


about us

board and video games

books

day trips

events & festivals

film & tv

geek bling

history

hoosier oddities

indianapolis in the news

indianapolis living

kids' stuff

local attractions

local celebrities

museums and visual arts

music

night life

photos

restaurants

shopping

sports

theater

transportation

weather



/>

archives


select a month...
january 2010
april 2009
march 2009
august 2008
july 2008
march 2008
february 2008
january 2008
december 2007
october 2007
june 2007
may 2007
april 2007
march 2007
february 2007
january 2007
december 2006
november 2006
october 2006
september 2006
august 2006
july 2006
june 2006
may 2006
april 2006
march 2006
february 2006
january 2006
december 2005
november 2005
october 2005
september 2005
august 2005
july 2005
june 2005
may 2005
april 2005
march 2005
february 2005
january 2005
december 2004
november 2004



indyscribe authors


jennifer bortel
brad koch 
brent mundy


guest authors


terry wilson




authors emeriti


jim chalex
steph mineart
michael packer
rachel wolfe






recent comments

    plastic surgery wrote: "ageing causes the cheeks to ho" on indianapolis zoo
    comment crack fb wrote: "i like what you guys tend to b" on fake s.w.a.t. van and other weird stuff i see driving to work
    allseostar.com wrote: "doma
write more, thats all i h" on da blue lagone
    chevy silverado wrote: "yes! finally someone writes ab" on dining out for life - thursday, april 14th
    dog wrote: "this super cute video is a rev" on balloon over old northside

recent posts


da blue lagone
donatos pizza handing out "big dough" on tax day
the dogs of the monon
hot pics
lucas oil stadium free tours



      powered by movable type 3.33hosted by livingdot



indyscribe comments feed





© copyright 2013 indyscribe. all rights reserved.
    indianapolis, indiana.









>