





bexar county's community health leadership






























		skip to content















 













h o m e
a b o u t

menu toggle





our board


r e p o r t s
p r o g r a m s
n e w s  /  e v e n t s
 





search for:


search







search


 










 












 







main menu

 









a b o u tcompany financialsfundersh o m emy calendarn e w s  /  e v e n t sour boardreports 












connecting community, resources & health

need help? click here!

















stay in the know
we’re in the news: san antonio’s week in photos, nov. 12-18 (san antonio report)“richard favella, a volunteer with hazel sky, hands a frozen turkey to a woman saturday during a turkey drive-thru giveaway organized by the bexar county …  we’re in the news: san antonio’s week in photos, nov. 12-18 (san antonio report) read more »
we’re in the news: baby bumps & brunch celebrates motherhood and more (fox 29)“the health collaborative is continuing to celebrate mother’s day and bring awareness to black maternal health with their baby bumps & brunch event. elizabeth lutz …  we’re in the news: baby bumps & brunch celebrates motherhood and more (fox 29) read more »
we’re in the news: san antonio non-profit seeks to provide resources to black moms in ‘baby bumps and brunch’ event (kens5)“san antonio — a local non-profit wants to help expecting black mothers. the health collaborative is hosting the baby bumps and brunch event, celebrating black mothers, although …  we’re in the news: san antonio non-profit seeks to provide resources to black moms in ‘baby bumps and brunch’ event (kens5) read more »

what we do





assessing community health needs
our community health needs assessments (chna)  seeks to support community partners in moving from knowing about local health need & conditions and outcomes to changing  those outcomes.

browse our chna reports




community health plan
a community-wide, collaborative strategic plan that sets focus areas for health improvement and engages partners and organizations to develop, support, and implement a plan. 

see our chip reports




investing in health impact
our proposed role is to serve as a “community health integrator” responsible for identifying shared values and shared vision, moving later to creating a “playbook” of innovations that accounts for stakeholder values and expected roi, assembling financing, and coordinating action.



community care coordination
we help  families connect with the community resources they need and the best part? we assist them every step of the way.

click here to find resources




pathways to coverage
we provide free assistance in navigating the marketplace for affordable health coverage. our navigators are ready to assist you year round. 

click here to book an appointment





meet our partners






the health collaborative
2300 w commerce street, suite 301san antonio, texas 78207210-481-2573
 
 
 








 







copyright © 2025  | the health collaborative
 












