


home - salem bicycle club


























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhome event rides sbc rides/events calendar salem bike advocacy  club info, forms, links contact us board of directors spokes newsletter volunteering surveys storefront sbc updated membership 






              
monster cookie metric century 2025

for the last 49 years, as the first large event ride of the biking season, the monster cookie has had the special privilege of helping riders kick off their spring biking season.  set in the heart of the willamette valley, be prepared to enjoy views of 4 cascade peaks (on clear days), a memorable optional ride up to the iconic mt angel abbey, mouth warming pie and coffee at our own willamette valley pie company, and so much more.  


there are 3 rides to choose from, the metric century, the half cookie, and the mini-cookie. optional sack lunches are available (pre-orders online only). it's a wonderful way to spend the day.

put on by salem bicycle club

online registration portal -click link below
monster cookie metric century 2025 (start time 8am) - 4/27/2025

maps, ride with gps and other information-click link below
monster cookie event 2025

monster cookie manual form to print, fill out and mail in with check and release form-click link below
2025 monster cookie registration


slideshowclub apparel﻿club apparel for 2025limited online portal for orderingclub members can get a 10.00 discount (need to email club president for the code)president.sbc.salem@gmail.comshort sleeve jerseylong sleeve jerseyshortsbibsstorefront portalorpeak 1 sports sbc exclusive store the salem bicycle club has promoted recreational biking and bicycle advocacy since 1969.

join us

insurance liability release form





 
club t-shirts 

link to sbc store
  board meetings
the salem bicycle club board of directors meets at 6:30 p.m. on the second wednesday of each month, most often via zoom online conferencing. any member interested in participating can join by simply requesting a website link to the meeting.
president.sbc.salem@gmail.com

 
board minutes
the minutes for each meeting are posted for members' review.
                                                                click here to find the minutes.

                                                                          sbc financials
                                 the financials for the club are posted for members' review
                                                                        all 2024 financials      
                                                                        all 2025 financials                                                                                                                           
 

                                                                                              

  expand your cycling horizons﻿﻿we have compiled a list of cycling events throughout oregon and the pacific northwest.take at look at where you can ride next! upcoming eventsupcoming events








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









