


home - mariner class association





























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhome member benefits mariner history  join us hull id help buying a mariner classified ads events calendar mariner fleetsphotos/videos photos videos contact us


menuhome member benefits mariner history  join us hull id help buying a mariner classified ads events calendar mariner fleetsphotos/videos photos videos contact usmenuhome member benefits mariner history  join us hull id help buying a mariner classified ads events calendar mariner fleetsphotos/videos photos videos contact usupcoming eventsupcoming events




earliest 2+2 model: #1299?nathan bayreuther - 1/14/2025toward the end of 1968, the o'day corporation rolled out its first mid-style, "2+2" model mariner at the fall river, massachusetts factory at 168 stevens street. while retaining the original hull shape (identical to a rhodes 19 hull), the deck and cabin were totally reconfigured from the old-style mariners of 1963-1968 with the aft deck removed, cabin enclosed, and cockpit sole raised to accommodate new quarterberths. (hence the "2+2" designation: two could sleep in the v-berth with an additional two in the quarterberths.)

some new information has recently come to light about one of the very first mid-style o'day mariners from member chris albert (#2714 flotsam):


"back in 2006, after going for a sail on my boat, my friend steve liked it so much he bought one a week later!  dances with waves (quickly renamed dunces with waves), hull #1299, was a rare mid-style keel (non-centerboard) mariner. the keel boat was stiffer than mine and tracked better, as you would expect.  i recall performance being about on-par with mine, except it was better in heavier winds and more sluggish in light winds (as you might expect).  and slower on a downwind run, in any conditions, because the centerboard boats allow you to raise the board way up. i remember steve’s hull number (#1299) because it used the same digits as yours (#1922). dunces with waves was displayed and sold road-side out of mansfield, ct, not far from uconn, by steve’s co-owner.  unknown where it went off to."

the earliest known mid-style model was previously thought to be #1306; this correction has been made in the "mariner history" section of this website.winter 2024-2025 newsletter availablenathan bayreuther - 12/28/2024the next edition of the notice to mariners newsletter is now available to our members! thanks to editor alice hawrilenko and all the contributors, you'll find fourteen pages of mariner goodness, including information on the puerto rico mariner fleet, the new executive board slate, the treasurer's report for the year, a cruising story, and much more. click the link below to download the newsletter.

all of us on the executive board wish our members a happy and safe 2025 sailing season. just think - the days are already getting longer!


2024 winter notice to marinersinspecting a mariner to purchase
want to buy a mariner but not really sure what to look for? is that weird stain just cosmetic or indicative of a structural issue? does that problem need to be addressed immediately, or can it wait for another time? is that other thing a deal-breaker, or can i use it to negotiate a lower price? check out our inspection guide to help you be better informed when looking at a mariner you may want to buy.
 
 
how to inspect a marinerforgot username/password

enter your email address below. if your email address is on file, your user name and a new password will be emailed to you.



email address




   



ok
cancel










enjoy our many benefits - become a member!

the mariner is a 19-foot fiberglass sloop first manufactured by george o'day in 1963, and currently produced by stuart marine. over 4,000 boats have been constructed and can be found all over the country and even internationally. the object of the mariner class association, founded in 1966, is to encourage and promote the use of the mariner as an economical daysailer, racer and cruiser; to keep the boat safe; to develop mariner class racing under uniform rules with fleet regattas and an annual national championship and to maintain the one-design features of the mariner as originally intended by the designer; to develop and support family sailing opportunities with regional cruising events and an annual mariner rendezvous.
 
new members are always welcome. 
 
the association publishes a newsletter, appropriately named notice to mariners, which is sent electronically to all members about four times a year. through the newsletter, our forums and the plethora of information on the website, members can learn from highly experienced mariner owners about maintaining, tuning, restoring, cruising, and racing a mariner. we hope that you enjoy your visit to our web site and that you will soon enjoy the many benefits of membership.


become a member - click here!



 




 why buy a mariner?
 why join the mariner class association?


 • shoal-draft with centerboard and kick-up rudder
 • inexpensive annual dues - only $15


 • easy to launch and retrieve
 • quarterly newsletters


 • large, roomy cockpit - great for family sailing
 • expert help available through active forums


 • stable, fast, and easy to sail
 • downloadable guides, manuals, and more


 • cuddy cabin, great for overnight cruises
 • searchable online member directory


 • low initial cost and easy to maintain
 • free classifieds section for boats and parts


 • trailerable with a medium-size vehicle
 • 50% boatus discount for association members



 • a perfect boat for novices and experienced sailors
 click here to see more benefits!









buying a mariner? here's the help you need!
 
 tips for buying and inspecting a mariner 




















home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









