

















educationusa |

















































jump to navigation





united states department of state

eca
alumni
american english
educationusa
exchanges
j-1 visa
studyabroad









view disclaimer



search form

search 



















the experience of studying in the usathe experience of studying in the usathe u.s. educational systemfaqsglossarystories from international studentsliving on campusfor parentsstudent emergenciesnewsyour 5 steps to u.s. studyyour 5 steps to u.s. study research your optionscommunity collegeundergraduategraduateshort-termenglish languageonline learningfinance your studiescommunity collegeundergraduategraduateshort-termenglish languageonline learningcomplete your applicationcommunity collegeundergraduategraduateenglish languageshort-termapply for your student visacommunity collegeundergraduategraduateenglish languageshort-termprepare for your departurecommunity collegeundergraduategraduateenglish languageshort-termfind an eventfind an advising center


u.s. higher education professionalswhy internationalizethe educationusa networkeducationusa centerswashington d.c. and u.s. embassiesregional educational advising coordinators (reacs)educationusa adviserspolicies for servicesfairs and eventscampus visitsspecial programsrecruitment resourcesopen doors reportglobal guidestudent mobility fact sheetsleveraging scholarshipsonline servicesu.s. higher education monthly newslettersocial mediasocial media terms and conditionssubmit contentpodcastsu.s. government resources and guidancejoint statement of principlesthe u.s. department of statethe u.s. department of commercethe u.s. department of educationthe federal bureau of investigationdepartment of homeland security u.s. immigration and customs enforcement (ice)national science foundation (nsf)foreign institutions and governmentsunderstanding u.s. higher educationeducationusa assistanceinternational student visasthe educationusa networkthe educationusa networkeducationusa centersregional education advising coordinators (reacs)washington d.c. and u.s. embassieseducationusa advisersus government agenciesfairs and eventscampus hostingspecial programseducationusa resourcesu.s. events sponsored by education associationsstudent mobility datanon-educationusa overseas international eventspartnering with u.s. universitiesstudent emergencies
















new video! #studywithus
studying cutting edge fields
watch it here

 


#opendoorsdata
2024 open doors data
view the latest on international student mobility

 


a u.s. education is your gateway
#studywithus
be inspired

 


joint statement of principles
support for int'l education
read the statement ... 

 


your five steps to u.s. study
take the first step
get started today!

 


october 14-16, 2025
2025 educationusa mena forum
connecting you to the world















for international students

for u.s. higher education professionals

for foreign institutions and governments









quick links












 about educationusa

 5 steps to u.s. study

 find an advising center

 financial aid

 events








with thousands of academic programs, world-class institutions, and unmatched flexibility, the united states offers a wealth of higher-education opportunities that you will not find anywhere else in the world! educationusa is a u.s. department of state network of over 430 international student advising centers in more than 175 countries and territories. the network promotes u.s. higher education to students around the world by offering accurate, comprehensive, and current information about opportunities to study at accredited postsecondary institutions in the united states. educationusa also provides services to the u.s. higher education community to help institutional leaders meet their recruitment and campus internationalization goals. educationusa is your official source on u.s. higher education.   











feb 17 2025


online event
where and how: finding universities in the u.s.
for international students
location where and how: finding universities in the u.s.




oct 14 2025


in-person event
2025 educationusa middle east & north africa (mena) regional forum
for u.s. higher education professionals
location saudi arabia


view more



 


  i have been able to engage in education that profoundly impacts me at a university that makes me feel welcomed.  i am thankful to educationusa for guiding me on my educational journey.
  fabiola cadenas, chile: business management and marketing, university of kentucky











 








 













search form

search 












educationusa on facebook
educationusa on twitter
educationusa on youtube
educationusa on instagram
educationusa on linkedin



our goal
educationusa is committed to promoting the depth and breadth of u.s. higher education to help international students find their best fit.



about educationusa
privacy notice
faqs
videos
glossary
contact us
log in
error/bug submission form
alerts and messages



the experience of studying in the usa
your 5 steps to u.s. studyresearch your options
finance your studies
complete your application
apply for your student visa
prepare for your departure

find an event
find an advising center
find financial aid
u.s. higher education professionals
foreign institutions and governments
employment and internship information









