




cleveland granite and marble cleveland ohio oh countertops kitchens fireplaces vanities















 










 

 





































































we 
                              service clevelands top builders




 




 









 









 












 





 

 bring 
                          in the dimensions of your kitchen or bath for a free 
                          consultation and find out how simple it is to uniquely 
                          beautify your home.






 


 


 

 
a 
                  full-service supplier of natural stone products. specialists 
                  in fabrication, installation and maintenance for all of your 
                  applications.



 





 
how 
                  can natural stone increase the beauty and value of your home?
 


 
stones 
                  have color, depth and quality that cannot be duplicated by any 
                  man-made material. 

                  natural stone is made up of minerals that have crystallized 
                  in the earth’s crust throughout the ages. once a sheet of stone 
                  is cut and finished, the unique colors and patterns of these 
                  minerals take on a three-dimensional brilliance.


 
call 
                    (216) 241-0220 today for a free consultation and estimate.

 


 
the 
                  natural beauty of stone also endures for the life of your structure. 
                  natural stone is fade, stain, scratch and warp-resistant, will 
                  endure the weather, withstand heat, and provide low-maintenance 
                  care.

                  at cleveland granite and marble, you can select from granite, 
                  marble, slate, limestone, or quartzite depending on the design 
                  and structural characteristics of your application. 

                  find out today how easily natural stone can add timeless elegance 
                  to kitchen and bathroom counters, fireplaces, flooring, paneling, 
                  furniture and more.


 
 





4121 
                          carnegie ave.
cleveland, oh 44103

                          216.241.0220
                          fax: 216.241.0223 


 
 


 

designed 
				and hosted by website solutions llc
 


 







