milwaukee hotels: find milwaukee hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactmilwaukee hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionadd your hotel area hotel rates group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > milwaukee homepagemilwaukee hotelshotel posts“close to downtown milwaukee”“a premium all-suites hotel located within ten minutes of the sights and attractions of do…”posted by: brookfield suites hotel“newly renovated hotel in sheboygan, wi boasts ideal location”“situated just off i-43, the holiday inn express hotel in sheboygan, wi offers guests both…”posted by: holiday inn express sheboygan / kohler“the holiday inn hotel of fond du lac is an award winning hotel”“from the moment you enter the lobby to the time of your check-out, our comfortable atmosp…”posted by: holiday inn fon du lachotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“location!”jessica, chicago - “i loved it! the suites were comfortable, large and i loved …”said about: bella vista suites“nice, barring you don't leave anything”sara and mike, brownsburg - “the accommodations were comfortable and the hotel re…”said about: the inns of geneva national“trust me don't go”non-member, reader - “don't go here ever again we did not have fun at all. we wen…”said about: rodeway inn and suitesreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » (try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for milwaukee, wisconsin!

hailed as the "genuine american city," wisconsin's largest metropolis actually is home to a pair of american icons, harley-davidson and miller brewing company, offering tours to attract cool riders and suds lovers. milwaukee is rich in cultural roots, too, featuring more than 20 major events, from festa italiana and african world festival to oktoberfest, mexican fiesta, polish fest, arab world fest, and july's german fest, with live glockenspiel performances daily. pridefest takes place in june and summerfest is among the nation's largest music festivals. in winter, milwaukee showcases sports action, dynamic exhibitions, and powerhouse performances by the milwaukee repertory theater, milwaukee symphony orchestra, and milwaukee ballet. big jackpots await at potawatomi bingo casino, with vegas-style entertainment at the casino's northern lights theater. other attractions at this city along shores of lake michigan include wisconsin state fair park, discovery world museum, haggerty museum of art, and the eisner american museum of advertising & design. milwaukee -- big on brats, burgers and frozen custard -- is a stronghold for fine ethnic cuisine, from german to italian, french, irish, mexican, indian, greek and english. greater milwaukee accommodations range from bed and breakfasts, motor lodges, and motels to business hotels and luxury resorts.

we have organized our listings of milwaukee's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater milwaukee area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·downtown milwaukee
hotels located in downtown milwaukee, near shopping, universities, convention center and cultural activities. 

·milwaukee airport
hotels near general mitchell international airport (mke), located six miles south of milwaukee. 

·milwaukee west
hotels to the west of milwaukee, including brookfield. near the milwaukee county zoo, and the state fairgrounds. 

·milwaukee north
hotels to the north of milwaukee, including the timmerman airport and glendale. 

·surrounding communities
hotels in nearby communities, such as waukesha, oconomowoc and racine. 




browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide milwaukee home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: milwaukee has a metropolitan area population of 1.5 million people making it america's 19th largest city.  the area code for milwaukee is 414. 
« top of pageadjacent links:chicago hotelsgreen bay hotelsmadison hotelsrockford hotelsrelated links:la crosse hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse dayflint hotelsgrand rapids hotelsindianapolis hotelskalamazoo hotelslansing hotelsminneapolis - saint paul hotelspeoria hotelsrochester, mn hotelssouth bend hotelstraverse city hotelsother versions:milwaukee guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > milwaukee homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the milwaukee hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide milwaukee are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideretailguidediningguidehotelguidecruiseguidemore locations...
milwaukee hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesastor hotelhilton milwaukeeolympic resortamerisuites milwaukee westcomfort inn & suites downtownintercontinental milwaukeethe econo lodge milwaukee airport hotelbest western milwaukee airport hotel & conference centerramada innlazy cloud lodgethe inns of geneva nationalcountry inn & suites milwaukee westcourtyard milwaukee downtownsuper 8 motel germantownresidence inn by marriott milwaukee downtownhotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





