
























interfolio - our technology empowers scholars worldwide - interfolio











































































skip to content












solutions

for academic institutions
for applicants
challenges


products

interfolio faculty information system
interfolio faculty search
interfolio faculty activity reporting
interfolio review, promotion & tenure
interfolio lifecycle management
interfolio data service
faculty web profiles
interfolio dossier


about us

our company
interfolio professional services
clients
data
client committees
careers
support & help
contact


resources

all resources
blog
case studies
research
events
webinars


 
get a demo
log in
search
























previous


next















our technology empowers scholars worldwide
with innovative products designed to support the entire faculty lifecycle, interfolio from elsevier enables academic leaders to effectively advance higher education institutions and their staff. trusted by more than 500 colleges and universities since 1999. 

request a demo








interfolio faculty information system
empowering academic leaders for strategic impact





before and after: success stories
see how interfolio has improved academic employment at institutions like yours.





our clients
today we work with over 500 higher education institutions and organizations.




























































view all clients



news & events
stay informed with our latest webinars, news, and insights to elevate academic excellence







get a demo for your college or university

find out why the interfolio platform is so popular among leading institutions.


get a demo













products & services

products
services
challenges


about us

our company
clients
partners
careers


our content

resources
news & events


need help?

contact us
manage your preferences


 





usa office
1150 18th street nw, suite 250
washington, dc 20036













copyright © 2024 elsevier inc. or its licensors and contributors. all rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, ai training, and similar technologies.
accessibility policy
cookies policy
privacy policy
terms of service










we use cookies to enhance your experience when visiting our website. to find out more about cookies and how they are used, please review our privacy policy. xprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 





































