








amateur astronomy | the essential journal for practicing amateur astronomers











































amateur astronomy

search


primary menu
skip to content
home
subscribe
about us
testimonials
contact us
astronomy events calendar
 





search for:



 







home

what is amateur astronomy magazine about?
we are a printed forum of the activities relating to amateur astronomers around the world. our magazine is written by amateur astronomers, for amateur astronomers.
over the course of the past 30 years, we have covered telescopes, large and small, amateur telescope making (atm), mirror grinding, collimation tips, observing techniques, astronomical equipment reviews, home observatories, professional observatories, observing lists, profiles of amateur astronomers, star parties, dark sites, imaging tips and techniques, observing logs, astronomical travel logs, astronomy businesses and their owners, diy astronomical projects, cosmology, science and astronomy outreach. in short, we are about all the things and people that make this hobby special.
follow us on facebook  
in the current issue # 125 \winter 2025 digital version available 12/18/2024. print copies were mailed 12/26/2024 – please allow up to 3 weeks for delivery. 


our cover: 
the 125th issue of amateur astronomy has been released. this is the 70th issue i have produced since taking over from tom clark 17.5 years ago. the cover of this issue is an image i captured at okie tex this year and features friend calvin carter on the ridge above the observing field. jon talbot convinced a couple of us to traipse up in the dark; the overlook with the milky way over the campus was as rewarding as he promised.for those unfamiliar, we offer two versions of our magazine. the print version is black and white, printed on high quality gloss paper with an 80 lb glossy uv coated cover and perfect binding. we mail it in a protective envelope to do our best to deliver it in pristine condition. this version runs 68 pages. the digital version is in color and offered as a pdf for use on any device. this version has supplemental content and usually runs about 82-90 pages. we offer dual subscriptions for those who want the best of both worlds. if you are unfamiliar with our magazine, or are a print subscriber and would like a sample of the digital version, we would be happy to send you a link to download if you simply request it. email your request to: amateurastronomymagazine@outlook.com


one of our feature articles is “a visit to mauna kea”. certainly, a terrific destination travel location for amateur astronomers. stephen spears chronicles his visit and the highlights of the observatory facilities. we also have our final installment (fall) of our seasonal observing series. phillip kane selects some must see targets. we also have our regular variable star observing feature – this issue focusing on the constellation lacerta.
in this issue, we have extensive coverage of the okie tex event, including a gallery of images taken by a number of imagers who attended. dave tosteson serves up another nice article titled “pieces of pieces” for our larger aperture observing crowd.
stephen spears features “unleashing cosmic winds; the fiery lives of wolf-rayet stars. william rust follows up a previous article with “quick and accurate polar alignment”. our star person this issue is will young – know to many of you as “deep sky dude” from his podcasts.


jon talbot contributes another “adventure in astro-imaging” with his new selection of off the beaten trail objects and melissa kaelin put together and really nice article on the historic may 10th aurora display that brought this astronomical treat to many in southern latitudes who have never witnessed it before.

john o’neal reviews the omegon binoculars.  

the gallery of images (greatly expanded in the digital version) is breathtaking. john o’neal put together another excellent solar activity update and selection of images for the solar gallery. parting shots is another collection of superb deep sky images.

in updating our star event calendar, the list of events that have been planned this far in advance is the largest i can remember in recent year – yet another sign of things returning to normal. our solar editor not only presents “solar activity and a superb solar gallery, but also reviews the zwo am3 and it’s potential for solar imaging – as well as deep sky.

 if you are not a subscriber, click on the subscribe tab and join us in our astronomy adventures.
as usual, i hope you enjoy the new issue and wish you lots of time under clear, dark skies and optics that are true.  charlie warren: editor
newly updated with the two most recent years – inclusive of issues 1-96  or the thumb drive version with “25 years” issues 1-100.                             
“25 years of amateur astronomy magazine“available as thumb drive – current special includes issues 1-110 for the same low price – less than $1 per issue!!volume i contains issues 1 – 54volume ii contains issues 55 – 100also available as a complete set of the entire 100 quarterly issues spanning 25 years





leave a reply cancel replyyou must be logged in to post a comment. 





the essential journal for practicing amateur astronomers

contact us you can also call or write or send us a message if you need any additional assistance.
if you prefer to place your order by phone, please call our office at 615-332-5555.
we would be happy to speak with you and process your credit card directly.

mailing address:
amateur astronomy magazine
511 derby downs
lebanon, tn 37087

 





					proudly powered by wordpress				









