














the monthly, the east bay’s premier magazine of culture & commerce





































 














the east bay’s premier magazine of culture & commerce




calendar
arts & culture
news & politics
home & garden
best of berkeley and the east bay





















newsletters
advertise
contact us
about the monthly


















the east bay’s premier magazine of culture & commerce




calendar
arts & culture
news & politics
home & garden
best of berkeley and the east bay














 














celebrating 50 years of the monthly













read more 

bush

cover | david bruce graves bush, 2019 (30 x 40 inches, digital and mixed media on paper mounted to...







read more 

winter apples

cover | igor and marina winter apples (oil on canvas). working as a husband-and-wife team, the...







read more 

in my thoughts

cover | olaf schneider in my thoughts (oil on canvas) olaf schneider (b.1964) is a husband, father...







read more 

happy birthday

cover | m. louise stanley happy birthday (gouache) is a remake of a birth painting m. louise...







read more 

untitled (acrylic, 2019)

cover | naomi binger untitled (acrylic, 2019) piedmont high school senior naomi binger won first...







read more 

self-portrait

cover | marisa diaz self-portrait (acrylic on canvas, 2019). marisa diaz, u.s. army, 2005-present,...







read more 

warming up before the butterfly stretch

cover | ilya zomb warming up before the butterfly stretch (oil on canvas). the bewitching...







read more 

a fine bordeaux

cover | guy buffet a fine bordeaux, (one of four limited edition giclee prints in the la couple...







read more 

marumage (hairstyle of married woman)

cover | shimura tatsumi marumage (hairstyle of married woman), 1953 (japanese woodblock print...







read more 

modernist folksong

cover | kota ezawa modernist folksong, 2017 (color aquatint; 29 x 30 inches; edition of 30, image...











featured






ask the expert: estate planning with sara diamondby  the monthly staffthe pandemic created the urgency for many east bay families to set up an estate plan. richmond estate planning attorney, sara diamond answers questions about wills, trusts, powers of attorney and advance health care directives.an alt-milk primerby  kate raucha crazy-fast growing market for non-animal milk suggests a market in shake-up mode, so what's a milk drinker to do? here's a primer on the landscape.should middle school parents ban smartphones?by  lisa fernandezsome parents are banning smartphones. i am not.wife 22by  melanie gideonoakland author melanie gideon, who recently graced the pages of o magazine, is getting rave reviews for wife 22, her amusing (and sexy!) first novel for adults. we’re pleased to publish an excerpt from chapter 9.








parenting






not everyone is doing itby  lisa fernandezif the refrain "everyone is doing it" bothers you, check in.should you supply your kids with pot or alcohol?by  lisa fernandezshould parents enable their children's experimentation with marijuana and alcohol by providing them with vices?it’s important to get the right amount of shut-eyeby  lisa fernandezwant a better night's sleep? put down the phone.should middle school parents ban smartphones?by  lisa fernandezsome parents are banning smartphones. i am not.child care could get easier for california familiesby  lisa fernandeza new law would treat larger day cares the same as smaller ones when it comes to permits and zoning.rodolfo mendoza-denton urges parents to discuss raceby  lisa fernandeza cal psychologist has a simple prescription for race relations.east bay parents are big fans of 510familiesby  east bay monthly stafftwo east bay moms provide plethora of ideas for getting out of the house.keeping birthdays simpleby  lisa fernandezshould you get a petting zoo? no way. tips on celebrating and keeping your sanity.4 12 5








books






reading round-upby  the monthly stafflocal independent bookstores weigh in on their favorite back-to-school books for kids and adults.steve wasserman writes heyday’s second chapterby  edward guthmanna former los angeles times book review editor, steve wasserman returns to his roots in berkeley to leave his mark on independent california publishing.american exceptionalism at its worstby  eric stover, victor peskin and alexa koenigthe horrors of american torture at abu ghraib are revealed.the cassoulet saved our marriageby  caroline m. grant and lisa catherine harperwriter phyllis grant of berkeley shares life lessons from the kitchen and a recipe in her essay, “recipe,” one of 28 pieces collected in a recently published anthology, the cassoulet saved our marriage: true tales of food, family and how we learn to eat. two san francisco authors and editors, caroline m. grant and lisa catherine harper, put together the collection, which includes submissions from several bay area writers.holding silvan: a brief lifeby  monica wesolowskaberkeley writer monica wesolowska recently published the memoir holding silvan: a brief life, which explores the love and ethics behind forgoing medical intervention for her newborn son. this poignant and lyrical book chronicles the author’s painful and lovely days with her baby.ariel: a memoirby  ariel parkinsonan excerpt from a superbly illustrated new memoir by the 86-year-old painter, a fixture in the berkeley arts scene since the 1940s and pal to many a famous beat poet.the doris diariesby  julia park traceyformer monthly editor julia park tracey gives us a peek into the life and times of her spirited great-aunt in the roaring twenties with this first installment (edited and published by tracey) of the doris’s decades-spanning journals.wife 22by  melanie gideonoakland author melanie gideon, who recently graced the pages of o magazine, is getting rave reviews for wife 22, her amusing (and sexy!) first novel for adults. we’re pleased to publish an excerpt from chapter 9.4 12 5




 






  popular posts




all
popular






 

separated from the world by choice

by james gage | feature | 







hidden in the east bay hills, the carmelite nuns of kensington live at the most secluded monastery in the united states.









 
leaving mars

by edward guthmann | feature | 













 
kilduff gets to the bottom of the kasper’s or caspers question

by paul kilduff | kilduff | 













 
a mother’s heart

by flossie lewis | feature | 













 
get fit without killing yourself

by brenda cruz and margaretta k. mitchell | my generation | 













   faces of the east bay




ask the expert: estate planning with sara diamond

by the monthly staff | sep 22, 2021 | faces of the east bay, family carethe pandemic created the urgency for many east bay families to set up an estate plan. richmond estate planning attorney, sara diamond answers questions about wills, trusts, powers of attorney and advance health care directives.





berkeley-based bio honors sf architect bernard maybeck’s daughter-in-law

by pam valois | jul 29, 2021 | architecture, faces of the east bay, historyjacomena van huizen maybeck’s life began in 1901 on a javanese sugar plantation and ended ninety-five years later in her house in the berkeley hills. i met her in 1977, as my boyfriend and i followed the rumors of a unique cottage for rent. from the time of our first...





ray darten brings indie designs to bay street

by nana twumasi | jun 1, 2019 | faces of the east bay, retailray darten means for its color clothing to be worn.





rodolfo mendoza-denton urges parents to discuss race

by lisa fernandez | apr 1, 2019 | faces of the east bay, parentinga cal psychologist has a simple prescription for race relations.





older entries 





  

search for:



 
 
 
 





 arts & culture

architecture
culture
kilduff


home & garden

faro’s garden
retail
shop talk
shopping


books
critic’s choice
currents
feature walk




 life & style

bay area boomer
bay tripping
by day
contest
dining review
east bay life
education
environment
family care
feature
first person
in good health
local traveler
my generation
on location
panorama
parenting
photo essay
real food
technology
travelogue






 news & politics

history
news
politics
up front






 contact us
follow us
advertise
newsletters
privacy policy




copyright 2025 the monthlyall rights reserved.
website design by clientclicks

followfollow



 


 






































