










home - long island housing services, inc.








































































new title
text size:


					m
				

					l
				

					x
				






social media and google translate 











 
fair housing guide
guía de vivienda justa
下载免费的公平住房指南
join us
únete a nosotros












menumenuabout

historydirectorsfinancialsgoverning documentslihs annual report fy 2023lihs in the newsemployment opportunitiesadvocacy documentsemployee resources
programs

fair housing

公平住房employment opportunitieslong island celebra el 50 aniversario de la ley de vivienda justa#li50fha 
landlord & tenant rightsforeclosure preventionfair lendingeducation/outreachfrequently asked questions faqs
news

news & eventslihs in the news#li50fhalong island celebra el 50 aniversario de la ley de vivienda justaweekly radio show
resourcesdonatecontact

contact usstaff contactsdirectionssuccess story form
recurring donation 




search for:



















 






 


 









how we help 
 



resources 
 



news & events 

protect what matters most:  civil rights need your help today

as the final hours of 2024 tick away, we find ourselves at a critical crossroads. the threats to civil rights we face today are not just challenges—they are urgent calls to action.
with only a few hundred dollars raised toward our $8,000 goal, your support is vital to ensure that long island housing services is prepared to protect and advance civil rights for the next four years.
the stakes are high
proposed policies threaten to dismantle decades of progress: (more…)
 


10 2025 assaults on civil rights we need to fortify against

fortify civil rights for the next four years —your action needed now

as we approach the end of 2024, the fight for fair housing faces unprecedented challenges. with only a few hundred dollars raised toward our $8,000 goal, we urgently need your support to equip long island housing services with the tools necessary to defend civil rights over the next four years.
proposed policy changes threaten to dismantle critical protections, potentially reversing decades of progress in civil rights.
proposed threats to fair housing:
the incoming administration has signaled intentions to roll back key civil rights protections, including:
(more…)
 



view all articles













home 

 














about long island housing services functions as the only long island based dedicated fair housing agency serving all of nassau and suffolk counties. unique in our multifaceted services and unparalleled in our commitment to fair housing advocacy and enforcement, long island housing services is nationally recognized and is one of the earliest private, fair housing nonprofits established in the usa.

read more



our mission our mission is the elimination of unlawful housing discrimination and promotion of decent and affordable housing through advocacy and education.
 





navigationabout

history
directors
financials
governing documents
lihs annual report fy 2023
lihs in the news
employment opportunities
advocacy documents
employee resources


programs

fair housing

公平住房
employment opportunities
long island celebra el 50 aniversario de la ley de vivienda justa
#li50fha


landlord & tenant rights
foreclosure prevention
fair lending
education/outreach
frequently asked questions faqs


news

news & events
lihs in the news
#li50fha
long island celebra el 50 aniversario de la ley de vivienda justa
weekly radio show


resources
donate
contact

contact us
staff contacts
directions
success story form


recurring donation



contact 640 johnson ave., suite 8,
bohemia, ny 11716-2624

phone (suffolk): 631-567-5111
phone (nassau): 516-292-0400
fax       (suffolk): 631-567-0160
info@lifairhousing.org 











© 2025 long island housing services, inc. all rights reserved | designed and maintained by maxburst













				8000 ways to fight the rollback of our rights			

donate today to help lihs launch its new advocacy platform and fight housing discrimination. every dollar counts toward our $8,000 goal!
at long island housing services, we stand with you in the fight against housing discrimination and hate. together, we’ve confronted alarming increases in hate incidents and systemic inequities across long island. and we’re not stopping now.
what’s at stake
in october long island housing services’ mapped out its strategic focus for the next few years to have an increased focus on cultural and systemic changes needed to eliminate housing discrimination and dismantle segregation on long island.
but in november the landscape has shifted—efforts to roll back protections for vulnerable communities are on the horizon. we need your help to meet these additional challenges head-on.

in february 2025, we’ll launch a new initiative empowering you to write directly to elected officials, calling for stronger housing protections and structural change.
but this critical platform comes with a cost—$8,000 for technical implementation alone.

 make my donation!


			×			













