redbutton.tvredbutton.tvproduction - innovation - experiencesarrow downarrow downfor more than 35 years redbutton.tv’s digital event experiences have been engaging attendees with beautiful imagery, personable professional teams with the latest technology and trends to not only capture the moment, but wow the audience and make you look like the smartest person in the room.that's what they said!seriously, you don't need us telling you how great we are, the most meaningful connections and partnerships happen by referral from someone you trust or admire.push the button!redbutton.ai is our ai division dedicated to demystifying ai for professionals and enterprise worldwide. we offer comprehensive ai strategy, leadership advisory services, impactful educational programs to enhance ai literacy.our gurus guide clients in leveraging ai with purpose and impact, ensuring the best decisions are made with the best info, knowledge and confidence.from custom ai solutions to enterprise-level problem-solving, redbutton.ai empowers organizations to transform their ai journey and stay ahead in the rapidly evolving digital landscape.redbutton.aiproai photography for events!for 35 years, we've been the trusted partner of the world's leading brands, capturing every event imaginable. why? because we're not just photographers; we're digital artists.introducing our cutting-edge ai-infused event photography. with us:every image is a masterpiece: our ai technology ensures each photo isn't just captured; it's enhanced, ensuring memories that look better than reality.instant gratification: why wait for minutes when you can get your photos in seconds? experience real-time magic as moments are captured and delivered instantly.more than just photos: choose from over 30 unique experiences and products tailored for corporate events. it's about creating an immersive experience, not just snapping pictures.autonomous efficiency: we can operate fully autonomously if desired, blending seamlessly into your event while ensuring every key moment is captured.dependability & expertise: knowledge, reliability, and unparalleled experience—that's our promise.this video was made in 2004'ish. there are events today that are still ok with having proof of their experiences (ie...website and use of images) days if not weeks later. seriously!seriously, we've been doing this a long time...that is turning events into experiences. we created the concept of a digital event experience in 2001. like, before events were even using digital photo and video. this is the video created on the back of napkins we created to tell the story.unfortunately, there are still people 23 years later still just planning events and not thinking about creating experiences...aren't you asked in every meeting how do we raise the bar, do something different, elevate to an experience?let's g o !proai photovideo highlight showvideo highlight shows aren’t new, but the technology and engagement and production levels we use are very seldom seen or matched. when you need to make an impressionable memory to extend the life of your event consider one of these.destination promoskeep the excitement going or motivate the group for the next one with a slick destination promo. show it on the final night, mail a video card, or shoot them a link and see a boost in quotas!isn’t everyone looking for engaging enriching workshops, tools and gifting with purpose?thinkers society helps audiences get to their better ideas faster.thinkers societymotion art experienceyou don’t plan events…you create experiences! experiences that make impressions that forever create memories of people’s times with you.why not take over a reception or an empty dance floor and wow guests with the motion art large scale tiktok famous performance.every guest can go home with a piece of art that combines the brand, event, experience and couple in one piece.that’s motion art.drone light showfireworks schmireworks …that’s so 2000.wow your guests with a 10 min aerial light show with cool animations, your logo and amazing transitions all timed to music.we manage everything from design with you, programming, legal, insurance, logistics, permitting, av coordination, faa approval...all of it.we promise every phone will be out posting this experience.sophia the robotwe told you we are nerds right? and that we hang out with some of the biggest nerds on the planet. one of our buddies created sophia (you might have seen her on 60 minutes or jimmy fallon).anyway, sophia is an amazing engagement attraction to draw people into your booth or into conversation about your brand. and like every other experience we manage the whole process ensuring it's the most amazing experience blowing away all expectations of both you and your audience.arrow uparrow upconnect with a button pusher to learn more!copyright 2024 - redbutton.tvtm