








dennisville fence | nj fence companies | fence south jersey

























 
 

  









										609.861.4031									





 

										m-f: 8am-4pm									





 

										shop									







































 


financing application
request a free quote


products

fence

vinyl fence
aluminum fence
wood fence
chain link fence
molded composite fence


railing

vinyl railing
aluminum railing
cable railing
elevation cable railing
instantrail railing
secondary handrail


gates
outdoor shower enclosures
outdoor living products

pergolas
arbors
trellises
decks
decorative screen panels
outdoor lighting
clotheslines
beach trash bins




services

installations
material delivery
rental fence
diy & pro supply
fence repairs

vinyl fence repair
wood post pipe repair


deck renovation


who we serve

homeowners
contractors

partner rewards


government / school
diy & pro supply


portfolio
company info

locations
brands we carry
faqs
giving back
employment
safety


resources

brochures
catalogs
warranties
custom order forms
employee resources


















 








financing application
request a free quote













							your partner for fence and railing in south jersey						


now booking for winter installations and repairs
installations and repairs





										request a quote									



										our project portfolio									





winter installs
are filling up fast!

the ground is not frozen
secure your spot today for best pricing and installation before the spring rush

be ready for spring, fence now!

request a quote – click here
















 








									installation contracts lead times								






													fence												

													3-5 weeks												






													railings												

													3-5 weeks												






													shower enclosures												

													3-5 weeks												






													estimator response time												

													2-4 days												





									material only sales lead times								






													vinyl												

													1-2 days												






													wood: cedar												

													2-4 days												






													wood: pressure treated pine												

													in stock												






 







						south jersey's outdoor living sourcefor fence, railing, accessories & more					

for more than 70 years, dennisville fence has been delivering unparalleled quality and design among fence companies in south jersey. our motto, “surround yourself with the best,” embodies this commitment to quality and reflects our dedication to innovation, style and quality craftsmanship.




 












 







						outdoor living products now featuring:					




elevation cable railing

explore elevation railing




aluminum pergolas

explore aluminum pergolas




decorative screen panels

explore decorative panels







 








							who we serve						

whether it’s a tranquil poolside, a bustling sports field or a serene home garden, our railings, fences and other products are trusted by customers who care about durable materials and distinctive styles. dennisville fence caters to a highly diverse range of needs, working with a broad spectrum of clients on projects including:








































											diy & pro supply										


												view more											


jobs that benefit from our experience and our tried-and-true process.




											installations for homeowners										


												view more											


seeking to secure their spaces and beautify their appearance.




											installations by contractors										


												contractors											


looking for the best materials and delivery capabilities.




											government, school and commercial installations										


												view more											


that require an experienced and reliable partner.




											custom projects 										


												learn more											


with a vast array of different needs.







 








							outdoor living products						

dennisville fence’s commitment to our ideals is reflected in the meticulously curated range of outdoor living products we offer. from the natural charm of cedar fencing to the contemporary vibrance of colorful vinyl railing, we have premium selections in a wide variety of styles and materials, all of it of the highest quality. our products include:



									explore our products								









												fences											

												view more											







												railings											

												view more											







												outdoor shower enclosures											

												view more											







												gates											

												view more											





									other outdoor living products								

									view more								





 






					proven outdoor living brands for south jersey				










































































 








							services						

at dennisville fence, we can offer as much or as little help as you need with your outdoor project. if you need materials delivered, we are determined to offer you the quickest delivery times. should installation services be required, we have professionals on our staff to do the installation for you. we also offer short-term fence rentals, and teardown and disposal of old fencing, as well as a variety of convenient services for diy enthusiasts and professional installers.
financing
dennisville fence offers interest-free financing through synchrony financial.  for more information and to apply, click the “financing application” button.






										read about our services									



										financing application									






 















						who we are					

since the company’s 1952 founding, dennisville fence has been providing residential, commercial and government customers with top-quality fencing, railing and more from the most reputable brands in the industry.






based in south jersey with four retail locations throughout the area, we’re a family-owned and operated company with a focus on safety and supporting the local community. our decades of experience serves us well on any job, giving us the know-how to coordinate custom fabrications, managing the fee based permitting process and more.





									more about us								





 








							areas we serve						

we work with customers all throughout south jersey and beyond. among the areas we’ve served with our materials, design, installation and delivery services are:






										avalon									

										cape may									

										dennisville									

										linwood									

										longport									

										margate									





										ocean city									

										sea isle									

										somers point									

										stone harbor									

										ventnor									

										villas									

										wildwood									




								view all							


















 









								reviews							

								see what our customers are saying							






it was a pleasure purchasing a replacement fence from dennisville fence. my first call was answered and resulted in a visit from an estimator who came to my house. the estimator evaluated the job, took measurements and within hours i received a firm reasonable price and installation time. i placed the order by phone and the fence installation started without a hitch on the day initially promised. the installers arrived on time and worked with professional decorum. the old chain link fence was taken away and upon completion my yard was left spotless. six weeks after i made the first call i had a new fence. my experience dealing with dennisville fence was similar to what i experienced in days past; a well-run company with professional employees!


							- robert debenedetto						








i had several estimates to move my fence. dennisville was not the cheapest, but they were very reasonable compared to others in the area. they handled the job professionally while i was at work, out of town. i highly recommend dennisville fence.


							- mary gang						






danny was outstanding. very responsive and committed to time frames that were met by his team. stephen was the installer and lead the team who put the fence work in. stephen was exceptionally courteous, responsive and on time.


							- jim faulkner						





 








							get started today						

plan ahead and kick off your fence or railing project! get the ball rolling with a quote from dennisville fence today.



								request a quote							





 















										contact us									

dennisville fence mailing address:
po box 150 dennisville, nj 08214
609.861.4031



copyright © 2025 dennisville fence · south jersey’s premier fence contractor for material supply and professional installation






											resources										

request a quote
products
portfolio






											quick links										

products
services
portfolio
company info
employment
terms and conditions – installs
terms and conditions – material sales
privacy policy
 





											social media										






 

									facebook								











 









																						dennisville main office																							



gps address:
16 hall ave. woodbine, nj 08270









																						route 47 location																							



gps address:
1414 rte. 47 dennis twp., nj 08270









																						villas location																							



gps address:
200 bayshore rd. villas, nj 08251









																						somers point location																							



gps address:
229 shore rd. somers point, nj 08244






























top







 

 
 
