



family law solicitors in birmingham - dm partnership : dm partnership




































































 


0121 200 0930free initial interviewmake an enquiry



menumenuhomeabout usbilingual staffservices

adoptiondivorcedisputes related to childrendomestic abuseforced marriageparental responsibilitysocial services problemsspecial guardianship orders
testimonialscontact us 




 




family law solicitors in birmingham - the dm partnershipspecialising in children and family law




family law solicitors in birmingham - the dm partnershipspecialising in children and family law







disputes relating to childrensocial services problemsspecial guardianship ordersparental responsibilityadoptiondomestic abuseforced marriagedivorce 






why choose us for family law?

“a professional and personal service guaranteed”
we are an established children and family law team of solicitors based in birmingham city centre near to the
birmingham family court.
a free initial interview is offered.
we have a partner who is a member of the law society children panel.
we will travel to courts outside of the west midlands to represent you, if required.
legal aid funding can be applied for subject to eligibility. if you do not qualify for legal aid, we offer a
competitive hourly rate of £85.00 per hour. this does not include vat, disbursements, barrister’s fees
and all other costs. alternatively, a fixed fee arrangement may be available.
we are happy to agree on arrangements for monthly payments to suit your preference.
our team are skilled and experienced and will deal with your matter in a caring and
sensitive manner to support you throughout the case progression.

contact a family law specialist


















we are contracted by the legal aid agency to provide family law services which offer public funding.





family law solicitors office





 



 


the dm partnership is authorised and regulated by the solicitor regulation authority (sra id 386450) and contracted with the legal aid agency.
third floor clarence chambers, 39 corporation street, birmingham. b2 4ls
privacy policy | complaints handling | diversity data
















