


asap utilities: the best excel add-in to supercharge excel and boost productivity































home
screenshots
10 languages
why use it?

download
pricing
contact us














download
			
 
download asap utilities (recommended)
license agreement (eula)
upgrade to the latest version
version history
compare version changes
alternative download options
system requirements
upgrade once a year (home&student ed.)


buy			
 
order your license(s)
payment methods
pricing and volume discounts
help with the ordering system | shopper faq
sales, upgrades and refunds policy
do you need a license or is it free?
license agreement (eula)
example of the ordering process + help


what is it?			
 
what is asap utilities
screenshots of asap utilities
10 languages to choose from
the primary goals of asap utilities
mission statement and company values
about the author of asap utilities
system requirements
examples of how to use asap utilities


why use it? 			
 
top reasons to use asap utilities
quick start: practical tricks to save hours in excel with asap utilities

features			
 
descriptions of all tools in asap utilities
added worksheet functions
fully expanded list of all menu items
a few example screenshots of asap utilities
quick start: practical tricks to save hours in excel with asap utilities
today's featured time saving tool (february 17th)


reviews			
 
testimonials, feedback from users
press & media reviews
clients, who uses asap utilities?


user guide			
 
download the pdf user guide
how to install asap utilities
detailed step by step installation
how to uninstall asap utilities
quick start: practical tricks to save hours in excel with asap utilities


news			
 
latest news
today's featured time saving t (february 17th)
press & media reviews
rss feed
receive our newsletter
unsubscribe from our mailing list
tips on our blog


excel tips			
 
excel tips
excel keyboard shortcuts overview 
headlines from the best excel weblogs
links to interesting websites
recommended excel books
excel version screenshots


support			
 
1. faq: questions and answers
2. version history
3. get support: how to provide details
4. sitemap
5. help with the ordering system | shopper faq
6. contact us


en-us			
 
descriptions of all tools in asap utilities:
1. english
2. 中文(简体) (chinese (simplified))
3. deutsch (german)
4. español (spanish)
5. français (french)
6. italiano (italian)
7. 日本語 (japanese)
8. nederlands (dutch)
9. português do brasil (portuguese (brazil))
10. русский (russian)








home
 
relax and enjoy how these handy tools speed up your excel tasks
  trustpilot  

save time in excel, increase productivity. start today
download ❯ 
trusted daily by over 27,000 organizationsover the past 26 years, our customer base has grown to 27,000+ organizations in over 140 countries.choose from 10 languageswith clients in over 140 countries, asap utilities 8 is available in:

english
deutsch (german)
español (spanish)
français (french)
italiano (italian)
nederlands (dutch)
português do brasil (portuguese (brazil))
русский (russian)
中文(简体) (chinese (simplified))
日本語 (japanese)
you can change the language to your preferred language at any time from within the application.
supported excel versionsasap utilities 8 works with the windows editions of:

excel 2010
excel 2013
excel 2016
excel 2019
excel 2021
excel 2024
excel 365 desktop

quickly save hourssimple and practical examples of how the asap utilities add-in saves you hours of time in excel.reviews from userssee what our users are saying about asap utilitiespricing & orderingbuy your license(s) today. it's only usd 49.00 for a single user license, or save up to 86% with volume discounts.pays for itselfon average asap utilities saves our users 33.6 hours each year (measured among 179,309 users in november 2024).
simplify and supercharge your work in excel
the proven excel add-in top teams rely on worldwide
do you want to work faster and accomplish more in excel? the tools from asap utilities help you save time and perform tasks that excel alone cannot.

our add-in automates repetitive steps, enhances productivity, and adds powerful tools to excel. simplify complex jobs, reduce manual work, and avoid mistakes. it's designed to make your work easier, faster and more efficient.

trusted for over 26 years, asap utilities is used by nearly a million people worldwide. whether you are managing data, analyzing reports, or creating models, it empowers you to work smarter, easier and get more done. see why users love it, read their testimonials and reviews.

 

winner of "best microsoft excel add-in" award 2025!

asap utilities has just won the "best microsoft excel add-in" award at the global excel summit 2025, held at soho place theatre in london.

the global excel summit is the world's largest gathering of microsoft excel users and experts.
		  

try asap utilities for free
experience all the features of our business edition with a 90-day free trial. it's designed for companies and government organizations to simplify work and save time in excel.

for non-commercial use, such as home projects, school homework, or charitable organizations like unicef or the red cross-, the home & student edition is available free of charge.

start today and see how asap utilities can make excel work better for you.





ready to save hours in excel?   

start today and unlock a world of new possibilities in excel!   thoagland ∙ june 25, 2024 ∙ read on trustpilotthis software is such a time saverthis software is such a time saver! our team are able to do more work, faster and more efficiently when using it. it also helps reduce errors from manual updates. the price of the software is very fair, and it pays for itself within the first day of usage. we could not be happier with asap utilities and would highly recommend for any personal or professional use!   lara ∙ july 24, 2024 ∙ read on trustpilotthis is a must for any data analyst using excel.i have worked with asap utilities for many years at different companies. it is the perfect tool for cleaning data and a huge time saver.the speed with which you can achieve data manipulation, imports, exports etc. is remarkable and trustworthy.when i started at my new company, it was one of the things i asked for in my initial interview as i have relied on it to make my life easier in the past. i showed my new boss what it can do and it took 3 minutes of showing him for him to approve the purchase of a license.   thomas ∙ july 23, 2024 ∙ read on trustpilotasap utilities is the best excel add-in...asap utilities is the best excel add-in for any financial person. i've used it every day for decades. it saves me hours every week and i recommend it to anyone who uses excel. (director of finance & accounting at an ad agency, with a cpa.)   pirsig ∙ may 4, 2024 ∙ read on trustpilotasap saves timeasap fills in many of the gaps that excel has related to common activites in spreadsheet documents such as applying formating, formulas, etc. the add-in provides a significant number of tools, all which save time without having to program the function. i wouldn't 'excel' without it!   debra ∙ december 8, 2023 ∙ read on trustpilotthis tool is a total lifesaveri've been using asap utilities since it came out in 1999, and let me tell you, it's a game-changer for dealing with big, complex spreadsheets. i honestly can't imagine working in excel without it. it's not just about saving time - it's about the confidence to make big changes without sweating it. this tool is a total lifesaver.   francisco ∙ august 9, 2024 ∙ read on trustpilotasap utilities it's a must!i've been using asap utilities for many years, and i recommend it to all my friends and collogues that use excel.   frances ∙ january 27, 2023 ∙ read on trustpilotbig time saver and easy to useasap utilities is something i cannot imagine living without as an avid excel user. the tool makes it easy to do repetitive tasks or data transformation at the click of a button. it is very easy to use and would benefit a beginner excel user equally as well as an experienced person. i've introduced this tool to so many people and everyone loves it!   dianna ∙ march 20, 2023 ∙ read on trustpilotinvaluablei have used asap utilities for over 10 years to manage, clean, manipulate, and synthesize both large and small datasets in excel. when i have reached out for help, support has always been fast and useful. asap utilities is invaluable in my work conducting and managing large systematic reviews and scoping reviews.   nikos ∙ march 13, 2023 ∙ read on trustpilotawesome toolit makes working with excel and normalizing data so much easier...   bryan goldsworth ∙ june 27, 2019 ∙ read on trustpiloti use asap dailyi use asap daily. little things like being able to remove leading or trailing spaces, or setting bottom of the document just makes my life easier. gave it 4 stars because there is always room for growth. highly recommend for anyone that receives spreadsheets from multiple sources or just want to be consistent on how they format there documents.   peter thompson ∙ february 18, 2023 ∙ read on trustpiloti wouldn't use excel without asap utilities!i have used asap utilities since 2013 because it saves me so much time. it has wide range of functions that are easy to find and to use. the program is very stable - i have never had a problem with it not working or letting me down. i would recommend this plug in to anyone who uses excel - it is so useful that i wouldn't use excel without it.   mark naftel ∙ april 5, 2023 ∙ read on trustpilotif you aren't using asap utilities, are you even using excel?asap utilities is a must have for every excel user.
have you ever wished excel could do something but you can't figure out how to make it work? asap utilities know how, & has simplified those chores and combined them into single click tools. it's saved me over 100 hrs by doing all those nit-picky little tasks for me.
i don't know where i'd be without it.   kay c ∙ january 20, 2022 ∙ read on capterraevery day use and saves you timei love it! i've learned how to do a lot from this product and it allows me to focus more on getting meaning from the data in the spreadsheet than spending my time manipulating the data to get it to where i need it to be.   terry wilkie ∙ march 25, 2020 ∙ read on facebookhighly recommend!asap utilities is an amazing excel addon that will save you hours of tedious monotonous work in a few seconds. highly recommend!





















trustpilot
trusted daily by over 27,000 organizations

we love our work, are friendly and helpful and that shows in the quality of our product and customer service. we strongly believe in long-term solutions and relationships.
asap utilities is used nowadays by over 750,000+ users and 27,000+ organizations worldwide.
you can read real and honest reviews on trustpilot.

choose your language of asap utilities
our excel add-in is fully localized and available in 10 languages, while seamlessly supporting all languages of excel and windows. with clients in over 140 countries, this makes asap utilities accessible to users around the world, helping you work more efficiently in your preferred language.




english
deutsch (german)
español (spanish)
français (french)
italiano (italian)




nederlands (dutch)
português do brasil (portuguese (brazil))
русский (russian)
中文(简体) (chinese (simplified))
日本語 (japanese)









do more and save time with these added excel tools
a few examples of tools that our users use most, or that saves them the most time, are:



top 10 most used tools

delete leading and trailing spaces
change to uppercase
insert before and/or after each cell in your selection...
merge column data (join cells)...
delete all empty rows
advanced character remove or replace...
count and/or color duplicates in selection...
delete number of leading characters...
convert unrecognized numbers (text?) to numbers
change formulas to their calculated values




top 10 most time-saving tools

split the selected range into multiple worksheets...
clean data and formatting...
merge and/or import multiple files...
export worksheets as separate files...
count and/or color duplicates in selection...
convert unrecognized numbers (text?) to numbers
convert/recognize dates...
insert before and/or after each cell in your selection...
protect multiple sheets at once...
advanced character remove or replace...





the number of features that asap utilities adds to excel (300+) may seem a bit overwhelming, but taking a few minutes just to look everything over works wonders.
you can add the tools that you like best to your personal "favorites & shortcuts keys" menu and assign your own shortcuts for quick access. you can also quickly search and start a tool without going through the menu.

quick start: 48 practical tricks to save hours in excel
discover how asap utilities makes you rock in excel.
these short tutorials show you how to benefit from the tools in asap utilitiesthey are guaranteed to save you time and speed up your work in excel. enjoy!discover new ways to save time in excel. each day
asap utilities contains an incredible amount of small handy tools and it might be hard to remember them all.
each day we show you a handy tool that you may have forgotten about or never knew existed.





try asap utilities for free   





home
privacy policy
cookie policy
eula
download
all added excel tools
sitemap
contact us


©1999-2025 ∙  asap utilities ∙ a must in every office bv ∙ the netherlands



   
empowering excel users worldwide for 26 years

   



