






citizens bank of ada – it matters where you bank






















































 











skip to content







due to the inclement weather, we will be closing at 3pm on 2/18 and reopening at 10am on 2/19.
quicken and quickbooks users: please click here for important information.
































































 



580-332-6100careerslocationscontact usmake a paymentlogin









 



make a paymentlogin









lending solutions mortgage mortgage usda loans fha loans conventional loans consumer personal loans auto loans farm loans commercial commercial real estate lending small business loanspersonal banking checking savings visa debit card cd/ira services quicken and quickbooks conversion services online banking my rewards pluscommercial banking commercial accounts services services online banking visa merchant servicesabout us why “it” matters team help tutorials




 





lending solutions mortgage mortgage usda loans fha loans conventional loans consumer personal loans auto loans farm loans commercial commercial real estate lending small business loanspersonal banking checking savings visa debit card cd/ira services quicken and quickbooks conversion services online banking my rewards pluscommercial banking commercial accounts services services online banking visa merchant servicesabout us why “it” matters team help tutorials









 


















welcome







open an account








apply for a loan






























apply for a mortgage





















open an online bank account





















apply for a consumer loan





















meet the team





















contact us


























lending solutions to meet your needs






local decision making and timely responses are what you can expect from citizens bank of ada. our team of dedicated loan specialists works hard to find you the perfect loan. that is why you can count on us to provide reliable mortgage lending for you and your family.








apply for a mortgage loan today




















whether you're looking to build your dream home, purchase your first car, start your own business, or open a bank account, we have the solution for you.





























personal bank accounts






our personal banking services come with the care and consideration you have come to expect from citizens bank of ada. with several accounts to choose from, we are dedicated to finding the one that is perfect for you!
call us or stop by one of our convenient locations in ada, ok to open a bank account today. our personal banking services are designed to accommodate your individual needs. choose from a variety of checking and savings accounts to get started.
we offer checking accounts with identity protection, mobile banking, and no minimum deposit with our personal banking services. you can start saving today with an online savings account from citizens bank of ada by simply opening a bank account online. big or small, we want to help you save for your dreams. there's no wonder citizens bank is known as one of the best banks in ada, oklahoma!




















citizens platinum checking








citizens green checking








citizens golden checking








now checking








savings


















commercial services






citizens bank of ada provides comprehensive commercial banking solutions in ada, ok to help your business operate and grow. call or visit one of our convenient locations to open a business checking account or inquire about our commercial mortgage lending options.






























commercial accounts





















business online banking





















merchant services











 



















"it" does matter where you bank








copyright ©2025
citizens bank of ada
123 west 12th st
ada, ok 74820
580-332-6100































 



branches & atmscontact ussecurity tipsdisclosuresprivacy policy





























 






you are now leaving citizens bank of ada
you are now leaving citizens bank of ada’s website and will be redirected to another site. citizens bank of ada makes no endorsement or claims about the accuracy or content of information contained within third-party sites to which you may be going. the security and privacy policies on these sites may be different from citizens bank of ada.

you will be redirected to

click the link above to continue or cancel






online.citizensada.bank
citizensada.bank

scroll to top












