









home - rise air






































































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content






























about us what’s new our fleet our board community involvement careersbook flight schedulesservices charters cargo services cargo rates scheduled services track workforce flighttravel info travel information flight interruption baggage information delayed, lost, or damaged baggage report lost baggage special assistancecontact us resourcesonline tools cargo track and trace flight status update notification preferences booking status










reservations 1-800-667-9356



login













 


















about us

what’s new
our fleet
our board
community involvement
careers


book

flight schedules


services

charters
cargo services

cargo rates


scheduled services
track workforce flight


travel info

travel information
flight interruption
baggage information

delayed, lost, or damaged baggage
report lost baggage


special assistance


contact us

resources


online tools

cargo track and trace
flight status
update notification preferences
booking status

















book a flight












































what's new













 











rise air’s tracy young-mclean named one of canada’s most admired cpcos™ for 2024.


					11/21/2024				


  rise air and snowbird aviation services are delighted to announce that tracy young-mclean, our vice president and chro has been named one of canada’s most admired cpcos™ for 2024. this recognition honours leaders who drive people and culture-centered initiatives to ensure their organizations attract and retain the high-performance leaders and team members needed to […]
read more



 











atr -600 series makes canadian debut with rise air


					11/05/2024				


rise air pioneers atr -600 series entry into canada with three new atr 72-600, rise air becomes canada’s launch customer, boosting its fleet and enhancing year-round remote connections. atr, the world’s leading regional aircraft manufacturer, is proud to announce that rise air, a 100 per cent indigenous-owned airline providing essential services across saskatchewan, is upgrading […]
read more



 











our $100 christmas card colouring contest


					10/04/2024				


calling all young artists! are you someone who likes to draw or paint? we’re holding a contest to find the design for the 2024 rise air christmas card. rise air is looking for art from children and youth showing the beauty and culture of life in the north of saskatchewan. use a single piece of […]
read more



 











dziret’ái pilot training program


					07/29/2024				


the dziret’ái pilot training program is a fully-funded initiative to support indigenous candidates from northern saskatchewan in becoming professional pilots. the application phase for the dziret’ái pilot training program has now closed. all completed applications will be reviewed by the screening committee before shortlisted applicants are invited to interview. our mission is to provide candidates […]
read more



 











girls take flight


					05/22/2024				


  a team from rise air participated in the annual “girls take flight” event at the mitchinson flight centre on saturday, aiming to inspire women and girls to pursue careers in aviation and aerospace. the free event offered participants the chance to take a flight with a certified female pilot and meet with women established […]
read more



 











rise air welcomes second atr 42-500 to fleet


					04/16/2024				


rise air announced the addition of a second atr 42-500 aircraft to its fleet of five atrs. the aircraft, registration c-gryi, will primarily serve the airline’s workforce transportation routes. this latest addition complements the airline’s first atr 42-500, c-fhbx which is dedicated to scheduled services in northern saskatchewan. “the arrival of this second atr 42-500 […]
read more



 











celebrating long-service at rise air and snowbird aviation services


					04/08/2024				


celebrating long-service at rise air and snowbird aviation services   at a recent event in saskatoon, rise air and snowbird aviation services proudly recognized the outstanding contributions of our long-serving colleagues. with milestones ranging from five to an exceptional 35 years, we celebrated the dedication and hard work that has shaped our success. we were […]
read more



 











rise air recognized as a certified changemaker by human resources director canada.


					02/27/2024				


rise air recognized as a certified changemaker by human resources director canada.   rise air is proud to announce that it has been recognized as a “certified changemaker” by human resources director canada (hrdc). the company received the prestigious 2024 innovative hr team award alongside agnico eagle mines and the town of innisfil. “we are […]
read more



 











aviation superfan celebrates 19th birthday at rise air


					02/02/2024				


alex adams, a lifelong aviation enthusiast, celebrated his 19th birthday by making a special trip to rise air in saskatoon. adams, who grew up in uranium city, saskatchewan, has been fascinated by flying since he was a young child. he estimates that he has traveled on rise air flights more than 1,000 times. “i love […]
read more



 











rise air’s future online store survey.


					01/19/2024				


rise air would like to hear your feedback on branded merchandise that you would like to see in our future store. from t-shirts to premium golf balls, fishing hooks to jigsaws. let us know your thoughts: https://forms.office.com/r/g3vedfyxwc
read more













































before you fly










check-in procedures
all scheduled service flights departing from saskatoon will check in at the john g diefenbaker international airport.
check-in time is one hour prior to departure.
cut-off, for all bases, is 30 minutes prior to departure. note: effective july 1, 2023 cut-off will be 45 minutes prior to departure.
seats for all passengers 2 years of age and older are assigned at the time of check-in.
you are required to present your valid photo id when you check-in.

 
 



baggage information



baggage allowances are based on the fare purchased. excess baggage fees will apply for overweight baggage.

premium fare - 100lbs
flex fare - 75lbs
basic fare - 50lbs




safety regulations require that all carry-on baggage conforms to the following specifications:

no more than two (2) pieces, when combined, not to exceed 20cm x 43cm x 38cm (8in x 17in x 15in).
a sizing device is provided in each terminal. the maximum combined weight for cabin baggage is 6kg (13lbs).
purses 25cm x 30cm x 20cm (10in x 12in x 8in) or less are not counted as one of the two pieces allowed.







 



special assistance
customers are requested to identify any special requirements when booking their flight.
if you have booked your flight on our website, please contact the reservations line at 1-800-667-9356 to ensure we can accommodate your requirements.
you are required to contact rise air to discuss your requirements no later than 48 hours prior to flight time.
visual and/or hearing-impaired passengers, with or without a service animal or companion, will be pre-boarded on our flights.
for information regarding traveling with service animals, please visit travelling with service animals.

 



travelling with service animals
rise air will permit a service animal on board without charge if the animal is:

required for assistance and certified, in writing by a professional service animal institution, as having been trained to assist a person with a disability.
the animal must remain harnessed and under the passenger's control but does not need to be muzzled. if the animal is too large for the space under a seat, it may remain on the floor at the passenger's feet.
passengers with service animals may not occupy seats where the animal impedes or obstructs access to an emergency exit or interferes with the crew's ability to respond to an emergency.



 



mobility and wheelchair assistance
rise air will happily aid in transporting passengers who require mobility assistance, including that of a wheelchair.
for safety reasons, transport canada regulates the number of specific levels of wheelchair services provided on our aircraft.
for this reason, we require you to contact our reservations line at 1-800-667-9356 a minimum of 48 hours prior to departure so that our customer service attendants and inflight crew can be prepared for the arrival of passengers requiring wheelchair/mobility assistance.
each passenger is permitted to bring, in addition to their free baggage allowance, one wheelchair that is transported in the baggage compartment of the aircraft. braces, crutches, walkers, canes, and other assistance devices will also be accepted and are free of charge.

 



allergies
rise air does permit domestic household pets to be transported on our aircraft. although we do our best to minimize allergens by keeping animals contained throughout the flight, our aircraft is a public space and cannot guarantee it is an allergen free environment.
please call our reservations line at 1-800-667-9356 when you confirm your reservation. we will make every reasonable effort to arrange a seat as far from the animal as possible.
rise air does not serve any nut products in their inflight service. however, despite our best efforts, other passengers may bring aboard food items that contain nut products or residue.

 



traveling with infants
seat selection is not required for infants who are held on a lap of an adult.
an infant must be held during taxi, take-off, and landing and whenever the seat belt sign is on.
lap held infants must be held facing the adult’s chest or secured in an approved car seat for the duration of the flight.
transport canada mandates that infants are not permitted in the emergency exit row and that no person shall be responsible for more than one infant (any child under two years of age) on board.
two lap held infants will not be seated in the same row due to the number of oxygen masks in each row.

 



travelling with children aged two and older
rise air requires that a full fare be purchased for children over 2 years of age to have a purchased seat and they must be accompanied by an adult older than 16 years of age.
at check-in, rise air will try to assign a seat that is close to their parent or guardian for children under the age of 14.
if close seating is not available, seats will be assigned at check-in and volunteers will be requested at the time of board to change seats prior to take off with no additional charge.
we will attempt to assign seats:

next to their parent or guardian for children aged 5 and under.
in the same row as their parent or guardian for children aged 6 to 11.
in a row that is separated by no more than a row from their parent or guardian for children 12-13.


no child shall occupy an emergency exit seat.

 



expectant mothers
for medical and safety reasons, expectant mothers are welcome on our flights until the end of their 36th week of pregnancy. a medical certificate provided by the passenger’s physician, nurse practitioner, and/or registered midwife is required to fly after the 36th week of pregnancy, stating the passenger is fit to travel. an original signed and dated certificate from their health professional must be presented at the time of check-in.
in instances where the departure date is prior to the 36th week of pregnancy but the return flight is after the 36th week, a medical certificate as described above is required for the return flight.

 



fare types
premium fare is the only fare that is fully refundable and will be refunded to the form of payment that it was charged to. if you paid cash for your fare, reimbursement in the form of a cheque will be mailed to you from our finance department. if the fare was charged to a third party, that party will receive the refund on their account.
flex fare charges a $105 administration fee and any applicable fare difference for changes. this fare is nonrefundable. you must notify rise air at least 24 hours prior to departure to be eligible to make changes to your reservation.
basic fare is nonrefundable. no changes can be made once the ticket is paid for.
seniors fare is available on a limited basis to people ages 65 and older. it is fully changeable or refundable up to two hours before departure. this fare is not available for travel in or out of la ronge and is restricted to travel in either direction north to south directly. this fare is subject to availability and a 50 lb baggage maximum. seniors fares must be booked via our reservations hotline. 1-800-667-9356.

 



accepted forms of payment
our accepted forms of electronic payment include mastercard, visa, american express, and debit. cash only will be accepted when prior authorization has been provided by a company manager. to inquire about cash payments, call our reservations line at 1-800-667-9356.
you may purchase your ticket using our website or by contacting our reservations line at 1-800-667-9356. additionally, tickets can be bought through our partner travel agencies and directly at our airport base locations.

 






































services












cargo services

















daily freight service to the communities we serve in northern saskatchewan.







inquire now










book your charter

















rise air has the largest fleet of fixed wing aircraft in saskatchewan, including float, cargo, medevac and corporate travel aircraft.







book now










track your workforce transport flight

















track the departure of your company's workforce transport flight.







track your flight






















follow us on facebook












follow us on instagram












follow us on linkedin










 





 


 






 
schedules
book
services


travel info
about us
what’s new


careers
agent login
corporate


site map
privacy
terms of use





accessibility plan
modern slavery andhuman trafficking statement



   



© riseair 2025




































