






home - johnson flora sprangers
















































































hit enter to search or esc to close 



    








						johnson flora sprangers 
					

 




        





        



jfs home
about
attorneys
practice areas
articles & media
verdicts & settlements
call: (206) 386-5566























call us: (206) 386-5566 
							
 











assisting victims of medical malpractice, legal malpractice, and serious personal injury
our practice is dedicated to helping people who have been seriously injured due to the negligence of another. we have extensive experience representing clients in legal malpractice, medical malpractice, and serious personal injury lawsuits.






our law firm is located in seattle, washington – we represent clients throughout washington state
we are a litigation law firm that focuses on serious injuries and large damage cases. we have the experience, knowledge, and track record to obtain exceptional outcomes for our clients.







call us at 206-386-5566. we do not charge a fee for the initial consultation, and the majority of our cases are taken on a contingency basis. on a contingency basis, you do not pay a fee unless we recover on your behalf.







our philosophy: building a personal relationship with you
we believe in establishing a personal relationship with each of our clients. the more we understand you and your story, the better we are able to advocate for you. our goal is to get you the best possible outcome.
we handle all of our cases with a deep respect for the justice system and for the ethical practice of law. we are driven by compassion for our clients and understand the physical, emotional, and financial hardships they are facing.
we will guide you through the legal process in a respectful and professional manner. we know that lawsuits can be stressful and confusing, and we seek to make the process easy to understand and as stress free as possible for our clients.
what to expect when you work with us
we take pride in the fact that the majority of our clients were referred by other attorneys who know and respect our work, by past clients, or through reputation and word of mouth. here is what to expect when you work with us:

easy access to our attorneys: our law firm takes on a small number of large damage medical malpractice, legal malpractice, and personal injury cases. this allows us to concentrate on doing the best job possible for our clients.
the experience you need to seek success: we have more than 40 years of combined experience in successfully settling and litigating personal injury and malpractice cases. we have a proven track record of obtaining exceptional results for our clients.
the attention your case deserves: we take the time to really listen to your story, so we can truly understand how your life has been affected by the defendant’s negligence. if something is important to you, it is important to us.

although we are based in seattle, we serve many clients throughout king county and washington state. our lawyers appreciate the opportunity to help you with your serious injury, medical malpractice, or legal malpractice case.
contact us: we have obtained full and fair compensation for our clients who are located in the greater seattle area and across washington state
please contact us online or at 206-386-5566 if you are interested in speaking to us about a potential claim.






medical malpractice
legal malpractice
serious personal injury




contact our attorneys











i have read thedisclaimer
privacy policy







a winning team


view images of our extensive collection of baseball memorabilia.
« see images


















 



our office location



johnson flora sprangers pllc


 2001 western avenue, suite 205 
                    

seattle, 
                wa
98121








phone: 
                206-386-5566







 seattle law office map 
























 © 2020 by johnson flora sprangers pllc. all rights reserved. disclaimer | site map | privacy policy  













    


jfs home
about
attorneys
practice areas
articles & media
verdicts & settlements
call: (206) 386-5566

 


 

 




jfs homeaboutattorneyspractice areasarticles & mediaverdicts & settlementscall: (206) 386-5566

















