



sapf official web page















rest in peace john kotmair


1934-2017

john b. kotmair, jr. rests from his labors




america has lost a true hero and patriot, john baptist kotmair, jr., 83, of
westminster, maryland, who passed from this world on december 13, 2017. 
he is survived by his wife, nancy l. (blunt) kotmair, two daughters, two
sons, 10 grandchildren, 17 great-grandchildren, and many american patriots
who will always remember his unremitting efforts on their behalf.

[read more]










together we must stand -- or -- separately you will be stood
    on!!!







"on every question of
construction [of the constitution] let us carry ourselves
back to the time when the constitution was adopted, recollect the
spirit manifested in the debates, and instead of trying what meaning
may be squeezed out of the text, or intended against it, conform
to the probable one in which it was passed." 

-- thomas jefferson (1743-1826), letter
to judge william johnson, (from monticello, june 12,
1823)






welcome to the "official" web page of the
save-a-patriot fellowship! we hope your visit will be useful and
educational. please note that no information herein should be construed to
be legal advice, which can only be provided by a licensed attorney. we present
only factual statements about the law. if you do find a statement that you
believe to be in error please contact us!














we could have removed this
court order
from the save-a-patriot web site on february 5, 2009,
but did not because it is evidence that the courts not only allow,
but foster many of the problems we are suffering from today in these
states united.  such total disregard for the constitution by elected
officials and government bureaucrats could not flourish without the
cooperation of the courts. so, anybody trying to shed light on these
seditious acts will likely face the same tyrannical results.



please read the
court order
with care, then go to the
doj complaint page
where you can access the links in the court docket to follow the course
of this case. there you will find the evidence showing the government's
total disregard for the law and the rules of the court!



in order to save this constitutional republic we must band together to
stop these deplorable atrocities. remember:



together we stand
--- or ---
separately you will be stood on!

















do courts have law making powers?




note: due to the above court order the following booklet is no longer
available. to understand this action please read the court
pleadings found in the "doj complaint" section
of this website.







prompted by the supreme court's ourtrageous action, ignoring the
actual language of the 5th amendment by declaring that private
property may be seized by government and turned over to private
developers for their personal gain, and the long history of abusive
federal case law, the save-a-patriot fellowship's fiduciary, john
baptist kotmair, jr., has written this comprehensive documentary
of the actual jurisdictional authority of the federal courts.

this treatise is not only an enlightening tool for the patriot, but
is ideal for dissemination to those many uninformed americans who are
not only shocked by this attack on private property, but also concerned
about the possibility of their own property being in jeopardy.




















note: due to the above court order the following book is no longer
available for sale. to understand this action please read the court
pleadings found in the "doj complaint" section
of this website.








"piercing the illusion"


introduction from the cover:



"deals with the whys and wherefores of the dwindling of american individual
liberties. it sets straight the widespread misconceptions of what freedom
really is. it leads the reader through american history, revealing
facts that are not taught in the established version of history to which
our children are subjected.  it exposes beyond a shadow of a doubt how
americans have been enslaved and don't even realize it. it names the
individuals and presents irrefutable evidence of their treasonous acts. it
reveals how america is 180 degrees from the purpose of its founding."




accolades for piercing the illusion...




"you have succinctly detailed the many past and continuing attempts
being made by the socialists to return mankind to a state of servitude
and ignorance and what steps we must take now to preserve our natural
right to be free and responsible citizens."
    -- michael jon kell, md phd



"written in john kotmair's folksy style, 'piercing the illusion' was a joy to
read.  more importantly, it is packed with indispensable information that all
americans need to know.  it serves well as another great reference tool for
those in the constitutionalist movement."
    -- dave buhlman, nh state representative



click here for more letters and comments
from readers in praise of piercing the illusion!
















visit our on-line information center:
  

















the truth behind the income tax


      2-hour video that explores the fundamental issues revolving around
      the income tax, is now available online! learn about the
      nature of income taxes & currency, and how government agency employees
      routinely misapply and subvert the law.
      click
      
here
      first for a short introduction to the full-length program.
      (note: these links will take you to 3rd-party web pages.
      a broadband internet connection is required.)

      due to the above court order this content is unavailable.
      to understand this action please read the court pleadings found in
      the "doj complaint" section of this website.
      







liberty tree


      the liberty tree, save-a-patriot's monthly news publication,
      is available here for viewing and download.
      







truth attack


     to visit truth attack and read about the tom cryer
     victory, click here.
    






doj complaint


      the department of justice has filed suit 
      against the save-a-patriot fellowship, obtaining
      an injunction. details here. (last update: 1/15/2008).
    






purpose


      what the save-a-patriot fellowship is all about.
    







membership info


      how to join the save-a-patriot fellowship.
    






basics


      the structure and application of federal tax law.
      
      due to the above court order this content is unavailable.
      to understand this action please read the court pleadings found in
      the "doj complaint" section of this website.
      







instructional materials


      educational videos, books, and materials available from sapf.
      
      due to the above court order this content is unavailable.
      to understand this action please read the court pleadings found in
      the "doj complaint" section of this website.
      







articles from our newsletter


      sample articles from the fellowship's full-length newsletter,
      reasonable action.  complete sample issues now
      available for download!
      
      due to the above court order this content is unavailable.
      to understand this action please read the court pleadings found in
      the "doj complaint" section of this website.
      







ra "what if" special edition


      special edition reasonable action newsletter -- with plan
      to restore the liberty works radio network.
      
      due to the above court order this content is unavailable.
      to understand this action please read the court pleadings found in
      the "doj complaint" section of this website.
      







national debt clock


      watch the national debt climb before your eyes!
      (note: this link leads to a 3rd-party web site. javascript
      is used to generate the debt clock counter.)







files


      selected files from sapf's freedomnet bbs, available for downloading.
    






legal research


      links to resources for legal research available
      on the internet.
    







 caveat emptor


      beware of hucksters, charlatans, and snake-oil peddlers
      posing as "patriots!"







kotmair v. brown


      save-a-patriot fiduciary john kotmair debates ex-irs
      attorney on the air!
    






irs raids sapf ...and loses!


      in december of 1993, the internal revenue service conducted
      an illicit raid of the sapf offices and attempted to indict
      fiduciary john kotmair in an attempt to shut the fellowship down.
      they failed, and sapf prevailed in court.
      here's the rest of the story...
    






  we encourage feedback and inquiries...




please




[email -- javascript required to view address!]



us with any comments or questions!









for a free information packet, send us your name and address or call
  the number below:





  save-a-patriot fellowship
  
p.o. box 2464

westminster, md
  21157


phone: 410-857-4441







note: we respect your privacy.  
sapf
does not track visitors to its web site and does not obtain any information
from your computer system.  we do not write
"cookies"
to your system, do not attempt to run
java, javascript, or activex
scripts on your computer (except for masking email addresses
from spammers), and do not engage in any other invasive
activity while you are online.   (however, we cannot guarantee
this to be the case with other web pages for which links
are provided.)





