
  






idaho democrats – democratic party of idaho








































 












 





homepage
blog
idaho

paulette jordan
new era in idaho politics
nominating process


mid-terms 2018

statistics
obama’s help


voters
politics
about me
contact me
 

















welcome to 
							i humbly intend to keep the passion and the excitement that i and my other comrades feel going and the desire to work for the party burning. 
							idaho democrats 
							learn more about me 
							 


idaho democrats approve changes to  
							the nomination process was supposed to be a smooth ride for hillary clinton which would, the democrats thought, be followed by an easy victory in the main presidential contest. 
							nominating process 
							read more 
							 


idaho voters face stark choices in  
							for democrats, it is imperative that they gain control of the house in order to mount a serious challenge to the policies of donald trump.  
							november elections 
							learn more 
							 








about me
if we lose hope and just get used to seeing the gop walk away with victories in the gubernatorial and congressional elections, there would never be a change.
we have to realise that we are fighting not just for us but for our children and their children also. our steps to increase our voter base may seem trivial and irrelevant in the long run but its only through slow accumulation that a major change can be brought about.
so, we need to continue working and realise that our efforts are not going in vain but would eventually lead to better results.



read more 






supported & supporting - streaming series



thickumz is the very first website featuring the very best of today’s america girls. living in prosperity they can dedicate their time to activities they love. in case of thickumz it’s all about staying fit, living the life and having right curves in right places. calling themselves slick and thick these babes are going to rock the audience! join the revolution 🙂


watch thickumz



lilhumpers is a proof that every young guy can get lucky sooner or later. watch this funny series where young dudes get into the middle of something the can’t probably understand. put against world’s best milfs they are on a path to please. but is their young age, stamina and big assets enough for these experienced women?


enter lil humpers



familyswapxxx is here to show you that concept of family in social life changes drastically in last years. watch the idea of nubiles crew, where 4 families get together in order to mix pleasure with procreation purposes. they mix between themselves creating new configuration of possible families. all that in very adult-oriented fashion.


watch family swap xxx



twinktop crushes the usual consensus of tops always being tops. and vice versa. it’s time for a switch and trying the flavors of being a bottom. in this unique series you will see slick young guys taking the dominant stance on their masculine partners. and guess what? they love it!


enter twink top



disruptive films is going to change your worldview on taboo situations in real life. this series takes fantasies on the whole new level of entertainment and seduction. watch men involved in daily routine making it a spicy as possible. all that without planning ahead!


watch disruptive films



dare we share – sharing is caring and this is the motto of these relationships where 3rd person is invited to have some fun as well. some crazy threesome scenarios from adult time with brave couple who spice up things up in their relationships.


enter dare we share


the reason for me to start this website was the desire to have our voices heard. very often, a democrat living in a committed republican state could feel unwanted and think of his vote as useless. analysts too could simply ignore our views as irrelevant to the larger political battle.











changes to nominating process
the 2016 presidential elections for the democratic party, when seen in a retrospect, was a disaster.
while at the time, it didn’t seem like a complete chaos, the smooth road to nomination for hillary clinton was roughened up by a spirited challenge from senator bernie sanders and an ongoing enquiry into her use of personal email servers for official mails.
both challenges initially didn’t seem to amount to much but they turned out to be far more annoying and disrupting than expected.



learn more 



news & updates




record turnout for midterm democratic primariesthe oval office the left wing of the democratic party is charged up like never before. it was the lack of enthusiasm inspired by hillary clinton’s candidacy and the lingering disappointment over their favorite, bernie sanders’ sidelining that lost democrats the presidency. but the arrival of donald trump into the oval office and the subsequent [...]read morepolitical battle over irs headcapitol hill since everything at capitol hill these days leads to a vicious fight along party lines, it wasn’t surprising that the appointment of the head of internal revenue service (irs) also became a big political fight. but this was not always going to be so. there was the expectation that the eventual appointee charles [...]read morestatistics related to 2018 midterm election voterspolitical analysts are working overtime to make predictions. political analysts are working overtime to make predictions about the upcoming 2018 mid-term elections. as with every election, there is a great deal of number crunching that is going on. what makes the statistical calculations even more complicated are the unique features of american democracy. it’s not [...]read moreobama’s return to campaigning: will it work for democrats?barack obama may be out of the white house but he continues to be one of the most popular leaders. barack obama may be out of the white house but he continues to be one of the most popular leaders among not just the democrats but americans in general. with the country badly divided between [...]read moreload more




new era in idaho politics
if the democratic candidate for governor in idaho records a victory in the gubernatorial elections, history would be created. paulette jordan would become the first native-american to become governor of a state in the country.
the 38-year old politician’s heritage includes ancestry from the coeur d’alene, sinkiuse-columbia, nez perce and yakama tribe.
the odds are clearly in the favor of the conservative candidate little but he may be in for a much bigger fight than originally imagines.



read more 









i would especially like to hear from those people who live in states that are similarly red.



get in touch 
hall of fame corner - 2023



moms family secrets – discover all the dirty secrets of moms you meet daily. they are decent in public but they are totally dirty behind closed doors.


watch moms family secrets



daddys boy – if you wanted to see how fantasy relations between stepdads and their naive sons looks like you need to see this exclusive of adult time.


watch daddys boy



haze her – user-submitted footage of hazing rituals in various american dorms. watch girls doing their best to get access to the secret cool chicks society. by all means necessary.


watch haze her



lez be bad – some girls need it rough. and they need it from other girls. watch adult time’s series where kinky scenarios can’t be complete without some heavy usage of toys.


watch lez be bad



bait bus – crazy stories of gay guy traveling in an old van. watch him use his female friends to lure straight guys inside.


watch bait bus
 








 









 

 



 













































