 









tsao foundation - welcome to tsao foundation























 







 
about us

history

vision, mission and values

governance & leadership

committing to community

expert series and lectures

publications

annual reports

newsletters

resources





training

hua mei training academy

about hmta 

our courses

cpe compliances



learning room @ comsa

about learning room

self-care courses

caregiving courses





research

about ilc singapore

programmes

strategic l.e.a.d

self-care on health of older persons in singapore (scope)

citi-tsao foundation financial education programme for women



research, reports & viewpoints

global partnerships

issues in population ageing

community-based person-centred primary care

geriatric counselling

dementia care system

ageism & elder abuse

participation and independence

caregiving

age-friendly living

gerontechnology

gender



community resilience



towards successful ageing

hmcsa

about hmcsa

primary health care

home care

care management

counselling and coaching

traditional chinese medicine

centre-based comprehensive care

dementia care system



comsa

about comsa

integrated care system

community development

learning room

café kawan

research

success stories from whampoa

launch of comsa





caregiving

about caregiving

self-care 101

reflection moments

caring for my body

useful resources for caregivers

tips in providing care

caring at the end of life



support us

volunteer with us



join us

contact us




a
a











 



































	“age is just a number”















home










	what we do





			services & programmes

			the hua mei centre for successful ageing (hmcsa) is a pioneering 'first-stop, one-stop’ provider of primary health and psycho-social care for adults aged 40 years and above.






			training & education

			the hua mei training academy (hmta) is the only dedicated provider of training in community-based eldercare in singapore.






			research & collaboration

			the international longevity centre singapore (ilc-singapore) implements ground-breaking community development programmes, and high impact research and collaborations.






			community for successful ageing

			comsa is a community-wide approach to forge an integrated system of comprehensive programmes and services with the aim to promote health and wellbeing over the life course, and to enable ageing in place.




	 


 
highlights

 





long-term care research & launch of global observatory on long-term care

                        tsao foundation, in partnership with the centre for ageing research & education (care) at duke-nus medical school, held the long-term care research symposium on 6 nov 2024. there, the asia launch of the global observatory on long-term care (goltc) took place.
                        
                         
                        
                                                a platform initiated by the london school of economics (lse), goltc aims to connect asian researchers to the global long-term care academic community to facilitate knowledge-sharing and international collaborations. it also aims to provide a catalyst to spark greater interest in long-term care research in singapore and the region. https://goltc.org/

                                                 
                                                
                                                the symposium was a hybrid event attended by over 200 high-level international and local participants seeking insights and expertise on key long-term care issues in asia and in singapore, such as long-term care policy, caregiving models, and the economics of long-term care, shared by speakers from the united nations, china, japan and vietnam.
                    
to view the symposium replays, click here.

 






route 100
a documentary by tsao foundation



                            your browser does not support the video tag.
                        


                        on 24 november 2023, we launched a short documentary on the future of ageing, "route 100," at the tsao foundation's 30th anniversary gala dinner.
                        "route 100" pays homage to longevity and to rethinking what a longer lifespan—living to 100—means, and is a reflection on how we can age better so that a very long lifespan is a gift and not a burden.
                    

 

events at tsao foundation











journey with dementia
						tsao foundation’s learning room e-learning course, “journey with dementia,” is now available on c3a’s new learning management system. this course provides a comprehensive understanding of dementia including its causes, types, impact, communication techniques and self-care strategies to support the well-being of caregivers of persons living with dementia.

						this is the first paid e-learning course in learning room’s suite of courses to be launched by c3a on their new system. find out more about the course here.







tpc-tsao foundation charity golf 2024
			hosted by the tsao foundation in partnership with tpc (tsao pao chee), the annual tpc-tsao foundation charity golf took place on 26 sep 2024 at sentosa golf club. held in aid of hua mei centre for successful ageing (hmcsa), an initiative of the tsao foundation, this was a wonderful opportunity to make a meaningful impact in the lives of seniors under hmcsa’s care.

			find out more about the event here.







tsao foundation-ihcno conference
transforming community and home-based care in an ageing world
			this three-day hybrid conference (18 – 20 april 2024) which focused on the integration of health and social needs in an increasingly ageing world, united healthcare professionals and nurses from around the world with the common goal of championing senior care. we were privileged to welcome esteemed international and local speakers to bring forth their insights and practice wisdom on topics ranging from enhancing seniors' well-being, promoting holistic care, and improving their quality of life at home and in the community, to end-of-life perspectives.
			








empowering our caregivers: from research to action on 13 march 2024, tsao foundation held a joint symposium with duke-nus medical school's centre for ageing research and education (care), titled "empowering our caregivers: from research to action," to share insights into their study, "qualitative insights into caregiving transitions (quali-t)."

				the foundation has translated these findings into the development of an initial tool to assess caregiver well-being, with its recommended practices piloted in our various clinical teams. this is in hopes of eventually taking this to the wider public for an understanding of the complexities of caregiving—so that we learn to see the caregiver as an individual with needs and aspirations, recognise the benefits of caregiving, and help foster a more supportive and positive environment for caregivers.


your browser does not support the video tag.








ntuc x tsao foundation symposium 2024 
silver talent: strategies for empowering and retaining mature workers 
			the “ntuc x tsao foundation symposium 2024: silver talent — strategies for empowering and retaining mature workers” was held on 5 february 2024 (monday) at ntuc centre. industry experts and practitioners gathered to share research findings and discuss issues related to mature workers, including skills upgrading and the implementation of age-inclusive hr policies.
population ageing and slowing workforce growth







tsao foundation longevity forum: the promise of 100-year lives
			as many as half of today’s school children may live to be 100. what does this mean for businesses, communities, and healthcare in singapore and the region? the tsao foundation longevity forum on 5 may 2023 explored longevity issues and actionable ideas on how we can better prepare for happier and healthier 100-year lives.
read more







international development
the healthy ageing 50
			we are delighted that dr mary ann tsao was hailed by the united nations as one of the 50 inspirational leaders globally for transforming the world to be a better place to grow older. the only representative from singapore, she was recognised for contributing to fostering healthy ageing at the national level, particularly in integrated care through the community for successful ageing (comsa).
read more







leaving no one behind
			dr mary ann tsao, alongside representatives of governments, civil society, academia and international organisations, participated in an inclusive discussion on the need to adopt an age-sensitive lens to policymaking. on the challenges in asia pacific – including long-term care, digital transformation, social protection, and lack of data – she stressed the important role of civil society in responding to these challenges and offering action at the community level. she also advocated for more meaningful participation of civil society and a stronger focus on inter-generational dialogue.
read more







asia: ageing & intergenerational gap
			dr mary ann tsao joined prof jean yeung (nus), dr zeewan lee, mr christopher gee and dr joelle fong (lee kuan yew school of public policy) in a panel to discuss how singapore and other ageing societies will cope with the growing numbers of older persons and facilitate better intergenerational relations. they discussed ageing individuals suffering from a lack of retirement preparedness, efforts to extend the working lives of ageing individuals, age-related discriminations as well as rapidly-evolving workplace technologies to which older workers have a harder time adjusting than their younger counterparts.
read more







webinar – home and community-based nursing: transdisciplinary, transcultural, and transformational
			jointly organised by tsao foundation and the international home care nurses organization, the webinar had participants from across the globe including usa, uk, cyprus, greece, italy, switzerland, and the region such as hong kong, indonesia, philippines, taiwan and thailand, alongside healthcare professionals from singapore.

			it was an insightful session where the speakers shared the three ts in home and community-based nursing. if you have missed the webinar, or if you would like to have a refresher, click webinar replay.







10 years on - enhancing financial resilience of sg women: evidence of a longitudinal study 
			the international longevity centre – singapore (ilc-s) released a longitudinal study findings on 16 april 2021, reiterating the importance of a financial literacy programme in building the financial resilience of sg women.



 






		events & announcements


			tsao foundation signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the singapore university of social sciences (suss) on 29 nov 2024, formalising the foundation's membership in the newly launched intercontinental alliance for integrated care (iaic). this initiative aims to advance integrated care solutions in eldercare with a distinctive asian perspective. find out more about this groundbreaking initiative here.



	 








about us

history

vision, mission and values

governance & leadership

committing to community

expert series and lectures

publications



training

about hua mei training academy

our courses

cpe compliances

learning room



research

about ilc singapore

programmes

research, reports & viewpoints

global partnerships

issues in population ageing



towards successful ageing

hmcsa

comsa



volunteer with us

volunteer request

credits






home
join us
contact us
terms of use
privacy policy

connect with us:
     
                     
                


© tsao foundation 2023












