





				
					hr technology conference lasvegas | hr tech | hr events | hr
				
			


































 






skip to main content








september 16-18, 2025 | mandalay bay, las vegas







visit



why attend


faqs


travel


mobile app


program materials


attendee resource center




education



keynotes


conference agenda


investor summit


women in hr technology summit


credits


program materials




expo



expo overview


2025 exhibitor directory


2024 exhibitor directory


sponsors


pitchfest


people & culture community 




exhibit



become an exhibitor


sponsorships


pitchfest




awards



top hr products 2025




resources



in the news


hr tech webinar series


hr executive


top hr tech influencers








sponsor
register



















visit



why attend


faqs


travel


mobile app


program materials


attendee resource center




education



keynotes


conference agenda


investor summit


women in hr technology summit


credits


program materials




expo



expo overview


2025 exhibitor directory


2024 exhibitor directory


sponsors


pitchfest


people & culture community 




exhibit



become an exhibitor


sponsorships


pitchfest




awards



top hr products 2025




resources



in the news


hr tech webinar series


hr executive


top hr tech influencers








sponsor
register













 where you go when you need to know 


registration opens march 18
keep me informed



 your browser does not support the video tag. 
    
   






					welcome
				




 inspiring you to inspire innovation 







 world's largest expo of its kind 


get hands-on with the latest technologies from nearly 500 leading and emerging providers, compare solutions and get answers quickly — all in one place, saving you months of research.
see expo details
 










 leading-edge sessions 


discover the latest industry trends, gain actionable strategies to leverage technology to drive success in recruiting, talent management, l&d, productivity and more in 200+ sessions! 
see 2024 agenda
 










 connections that count 


grow your network by connecting with thousands of like-minded peers and industry experts and engage in meaningful discussions in a mix of formal and informal networking opportunities.
find out more
 













for over 25 years, hr tech has been the must-attend conference for thousands of forward-thinking hr leaders. offering unparalleled education and the chance to connect with the brightest minds in the field, hr tech empowers you to transform your hr strategy and drive your organization forward.









 hear from top hr innovators 


















										
										tim gregory
									



												managing director of hr innovation and workforce technology, 
											
delta air lines
















										
										donald knight
									



												group svp, people & culture, 
											
warner bros. discovery
















										
										kris dunn
									



												senior vice president, talent acquisiton, 
											
marriott international
















										
										darcy mackay
									



												svp, hr & client services, 
											
rippling
















										
										jesus sanz
									



												vp of talent acquisition, 
											
ups
















										
										irina kovach
									



												senior vice president of product & strategy, 
											
first advantage
















										
										julie loubaton
									



												vice president, talent acquisition, 
											
keurig dr pepper
















										
										alyssa chase
									



												svp, talent & culture, 
											
keurig dr pepper
















										
										leigh elena henderson
									



												digital creator and podcast host, 
											
hrmanifesto, llc
















										
										athena karp
									



												general manager, hiredscore, 
											
workday
















										
										ojo oluwole
									



												director, hr operations, 
											
nbcuniversal
















										
										charlotte mclachlan
									



												sr solution consultant - hcm, 
											
workday
















										
										jonathan naymark
									



												director, international expansion, 
											
justworks
















										
										ross kennedy
									



												global vice president of digital natives, 
											
microsoft
















										
										danielle bushen
									



												global head of people data governance & stewardship, 
											
sanofi 
















										
										jason averbook
									



												senior partner, global leader of digital hr strategy, 
											
mercer
















										
										yvette stortz
									



												vice president of talent acquisition, 
											
cvs health
















										
										russ ruggia
									



												master principal hcm solution engineer, 
											
oracle
















										
										timo sandritter
									



												executive board member, 
											
ingentis
















										
										meghan rhatigan
									



												vice president, talent acquisition experience, 
											
marriott international
















										
										david aronowitz
									



												vp, enterprise applications, 
											
securitas
















										
										evan faircloth
									



												vice president, organizational culture, 
											
nellis auction
















										
										aaron goldsmid
									



												head of product, 
											
deel
















										
										matt macinnis
									



												coo, 
											
rippling
















										
										jonathan kestenbaum
									



												managing director of technology strategy, 
											
ams
















										
										charlie diaz
									



												vp, hr shared services, 
											
ticketmaster
















										
										adam gerstein
									



												principal, workforce transformation, pwc us, 
											
pwc
















										
										anthony abbatiello
									



												workforce transformation leader, partner, pwc us, 
											
pwc
















										
										sean hinton
									



												founder of skyhive, 
											
skyhive by cornerstone
















										
										paul davies
									



												svp & coo, employee success, 
											
salesforce
















										
										alla schay
									



												ceo, 
											
asurint
















										
										clarence lal
									



												global head of talent acquisition, 
											
planet
















										
										ashley herd
									



												founder and ceo, 
											
manager method
















										
										katie coupe
									



												interim chief people officer, 
											
seekout
















										
										dr. kenneth matos
									



												director of market insights, 
											
hibob
















										
										chip newton
									



												managing director | hr transformation, 
											
deloitte consulting llp
















										
										sarah white
									



												ceo and head of stategy & insights, 
											
aspect 43
















										
										marissa hedengren
									



												vice president, hr service delivery & operations, 
											
iron mountain
















										
										tulie white
									



												global vice president, enterprise learning & leadership development, 
											
the estée lauder companies, inc.
















										
										jon daiello
									



												senior manager, digital platform strategy, 
											
paychex
















										
										neil jensen
									



												vp, head of global product vision and experience, 
											
workday
















										
										richard rosenow
									



												vp people analytics strategy, 
											
one model inc.
















										
										amy ross
									



												sr. manager of corporate benefits and sr. process manager, 
											
v2x
















										
										keith sonderling
									



												former commissioner, 
											
united states equal employment opportunity commission (eeoc)
















										
										jason lee
									



												chief of chime enterprise, 
											
chime financial, inc.
















										
										dennis hill
									



												chairman of the board/ceo, 
											
ihrim
















										
										mark luetzelschwab
									



												director, workforce transformation, pwc us, 
											
pwc
















										
										leif wennerstrom
									



												vp, talent acquisition, 
											
dialpad
















										
										shirin parineh
									



												senior hrbp director in engineering, 
											
fastly
















										
										josh bersin
									



												global industry analyst and ceo, 
											
the josh bersin company










123456






 













 
why attendees love hr tech







          “walking around the expo floor allows me to learn about products that solve problems. cold calls never get through, this allows me to cut right to the chase of what i need and see multiple solutions under one roof. ”
          
           jen lamorena
           
            chief of staff to the cio, airbnb
           

 



          “attending hr tech conference 2024 was an incredible experience. the event brought together industry leaders, cutting-edge technologies, and insightful discussions that helped me gain a deeper understanding of the future of hr. the networking opportunities were invaluable, and i left with practical strategies to implement within my organization. it's a must-attend for anyone serious about staying ahead in hr.”
          
           muhammad imran
           
            lead hr osp management & bpo, k-electric ltd
           

 



          “hr tech is an excellent opportunity to network with our hr professionals who focus on tech/software, keep up on industry trends and evaluate potential solutions for your company..”
          
           zachary wingerter
           
            hris program manager, wurth group of north america
           

 



          “the time spent in the ask the experts area paid for my attendance! so helpful to be face to face with these leaders and all those around to collaborate on the fly. i appreciated being able to walk up and thank them for being available and open to chat with us.”
          
           deanna fortson
           
            hris & benefits manager, bst global
           

 



          “hr tech exceeded my expectations. i came with the specific goal of finding vendors to support our current need, and learned about and met multiple vendors and solutions that i would not have known about." 
          
           sheila fischer
           
            associate director, it enterprise applications, mirum pharmaceuticals
           

 



          “the sheer scale and range of sessions left us in an hr tech wonderland, where choosing between attending keynotes or exploring the latest innovations on the expo floor was the biggest challenge (hello, decision fatigue!). from tools like beqom for compensation automation, one model's workforce analytics, to lytiqs connecting hr and finance data—each one showcased how tech can free up our time from admin overload and help us focus on strategic employee development. hibob wowed us with their all-in-one hr platform, and josh bersin’s galileo reminded us of the sky-high potential tech has for transforming hr. hirevue’s breakdown of the top 5 hr trends had me thinking about the future of work long after the session ended. honestly, i could’ve used a few ai clones of myself to absorb it all! looking forward to the next hr tech ..."
          
           sanjukta dasgupta
           
            core hr product owner, yum! brands
           

 



          “overall, it was a great event! the speakers were engaging, lots of sessions to choose from, and the venue was great. the expo was overwhelmingly lovely! i thoroughly enjoyed the many hours we spent on the expo floor engaging with the vendors. the pub crawl & happy hour were a lot of fun and created early opportunities for interaction. really well done!”
          
           sheila higdon
           
            recruitment operations analyst, sherwin-williams
           

 



          “i've had the opportunity to attend hr tech for several years, and i'm consistently impressed by the thoughtful organization and insightful programming of the conference. each year, our team gains tremendous value by exploring cutting-edge technology and staying ahead of industry trends. hr tech continues to be an essential resource for us, helping our organization evolve and adapt in an ever-changing landscape.”
          
           jessica fernandez
           
            operational excellence manager, altres
           

 



          “if you are in human resources and adopting the best technology is important to your organization, hr tech is the most important, industry-wide event you should plan to attend. to be able to evaluate all the key vendors and innovators in the space and learn from other customers--the return on your time and financial investment to participate is absolutely worth it.”
          
           bonnie tinder
           
            founder & ceo, raven intelligence
           

 



          “hr tech has been instrumental to my development as a product manager in this space. i've spent hours researching different industry trends and vendors, as well as requesting demos from said vendors. the fact that i could hear from industry leaders on emerging trends and get quick demos within minutes as i walked through the expo hall saved me a ton of time. after three short days, i feel more knowledgeable about the space and better equipped to help my business partners. hr tech - i'll be back!”
          
           alexis arledge
           
            product manager, data and digital transformation, crown castle
           

 



          “there's no better conference that combines industry leader insight and the entirety of the hr tech vendor landscape.”
          
           rich cordrey
           
            head of learning technology, s&p global
           

 



          “the hr tech expo is amazing! just walking in, i was mind-blown. it was a fantastic opportunity to get a look at all the different vendors out there to meet our organization’s needs within a condensed time-frame. i would never have known about some of these systems otherwise, and it would take me months to demo the different products.”
          
           alyssa kapinus
           
            global hr systems manager, griffith foods
           

 



          “great place to get a lot of information in a short amount of time and make important contacts.”
          
           kristin fuson
           
            director, people operations and technology. alaska airlines
           

 



          “best collection of hr tech vendors in one place and great opportunity to meet and talk about the products they have to offer.”
          
           terri lucas
           
            director, hris & payroll, nationwide children’s hospital
           

 



          “loved all of the opportunities to see product demos, and it was great walking around the vendor floor to discover what was out there. even though we were not seeking to buy anything, we found a handful of vendors that were interesting enough for us to explore further for possible purchase.”
          
           jim wolff
           
            director hr technology, western & southern financial group
           

 
 











 also at hr tech 









start hr tech with a dose of insight and inspiration from influential women driving progress in hr technology and addressing evolving workplace dynamics in this popular half-day summit on opening day.
learn more












the premier deal-making event for hr and work tech! this is the essential gathering for companies seeking to raise capital and investors searching for promising hr or work tech opportunities.
learn more














 our partners 











loading









  
 


  
 


  
 























 diamond sponsors 











loading









  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 























 platinum sponsors 











loading









  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 























 gold sponsors 











loading









  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 























 silver sponsors 











loading









  
 


  
 


  
 


  
 























 attendee experience sponsors 











loading









  
 


  
 


  
 






















view all sponsors














  275+   


powerhouse speakers










  7,200+  


industry professionals










  400+  


world class exhibitors










  200+  


impactful sessions














home




faqs
code of conduct
privacy policy




phone: 1-800-727-1227
email: conferences@etcnetwork.com
fax: 1-800-661-5127




customer service hours
8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. et, m-f
222 lakeview ave, suite 800
west palm beach, fl 33401




exhibition website by asp




© 2025 etc, part of the arc network






linkedin
twitter
facebook
instagram
youtube










					search
				

search











username *
password *
login















sign up to our mailing list











 


