







teen talking circles







































































































              home
            

              about
            

              training
            

            events
          

            partners & service
          



            donate
          

        blog
      

            get involved
          

              books
            

            praise
          

            contact
          














































































homeabouttrainingeventspartners & service











donateblogget involvedbookspraisecontact









scroll






 









teen talking circlesnurturing youth mental health for a compassionate worldat teen talking circles (501c3), we stand at the forefront of a global movement dedicated to transforming the lives of young people through the power of circles. teen talking circles is dedicated to supporting youth mental health worldwide by training facilitators to create safe, connective spaces for a just, compassionate world. creating safe spaces, fostering connectionteen talking circles is on a mission to support youth mental health worldwide. we achieve this by training facilitators to create safe, connective spaces that foster justice and compassion. in a world where the well-being of our youth is under threat, we believe that genuine human connection is the antidote.start a circle, save a lifeimagine a world where every teenager has a safe space to share, connect, and be truly heard. our philosophy revolves around empowering caring adults to lead teen talking circles, transforming communities and positively impacting the lives of adolescents. schools, youth organizations, families – we train facilitators everywhere!





























































“ttc belongs in the category of what we call the intangibles. it is not something you can see, like a building, but is like love, which you feel. ttc  transforms not only the teens but also everyone who then encounters them.”

—  eric liu, founder, citizen university



youth are experiencing a disconnection crisis in a world increasingly dominated by screens and digital distractions, genuine human connection has become increasingly scarce. teenagers, navigating the complexities of  identity development,  often turn to technology for solace. our children are turning away from human connection. new studies are released at an alarming rate documenting the damaging isolating effect of lockdown and social media on the emotional development of the youth. child suicide rates are rising globally.  our solution: empowering through connection through our unique training, we empower adult community members to create spaces where teenagers can truly be seen and heard, and authentically express themselves. teens experience emotional safety and growth while learning essential communication & conflict resolution skills.  youth gain confidence in a world that often feels lonely and overwhelming. by participating in teen talking circles, teenagers become equipped to navigate life's interpersonal challenges with skill and confidence. teenagers gain a sense of belonging and develop the ability to forge genuine connections in an increasingly disconnected world.













traininglead a circle, change a life   we offer deeply experiential facilitator trainings to adults so that they may create safe spaces in communities world wide. offered in two formats, in person and online, our trainings are led by a specialized team rich in experience working with youth in multiple settings. we strongly believe that to lead a circle, one must experience being a member of a circle. participants engage in all aspects of a circle following the ttc methodologies and techniques. our training is a wonderful addition to teachers, youth organizations, social workers, pediatric nurses, youth pastors, foster care workers, counselors, wilderness therapists, and anyone looking to support youth in any setting. the techniques learned in our training are very versatile and have been applied outside of youth work to end-of-life care, ptsd support groups, and retirement communities. workshopsaccessible empowerment   not all youth are able to commit to weekly circles. recognizing that, we created accessible workshops that share many of the skills, bond building, and community engagement that our circles provide. our workshops focus on supporting youth in gaining communication skills and self-care techniques that will empower them far into the future. many of our workshops are created for youth to share with family and friends, and some are targeted specifically towards adults and how they can become stronger allies to the youth in their life. circlescommunity support    working directly with our community and partner organizations, we help support circles in the kitsap & king counties of washington state. we also hold monthly support circles for our training alumni, and community circles are open for anyone to join. email us at info@teentalkingcircles.org to learn more. 




    link to eventbrite 
  















 



i lead these trainings because i’m desperate for more people to know belonging, especially for them to know belonging at the tender and pivotal time of adolescence. - nora harrington, ttc trainer & circle facilitator













          facilitation training
learn foundational communication, conflict resolution, and facilitation skills for connecting with youth. led by ttc facilitators with deep knowledge and personal experience leading circles in a multitude of youth settings and age ranges. our training is an experiential course that allows the participants to feel what it is like to be in circle while learning the foundational skills for conducting all aspects of the circle process and working safely with youth. make a difference. start a circle, save a life! 










 



make a difference. start a circle, save a life! for 30 years, we've provided teen talking circle facilitator trainings, workshops, retreats, and materials. our circle methodology has touched schools, hospitals, organizations, community centers, after-school programs, and individuals worldwide.🤝 join us in the movement for youth mental health. together, we are the solution!



































































top banner



mission



seattle circle movie



quote



social



new gallery








 





























© 2018 teen talking circles 501c3 - all rights reserved

 



subscribe to stay connected
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up






thank you!







teen talking circles
bainbridge island
2065023422
info@teentalkingcircles.org


hours












