

the sims 2 at simshost.com | about the new computer game from maxis |













the sims forever!
simshost's commitment
the sims lives on!


what's new in the sims 2
the sims 2 stories
relationships
activities
life cycles
get into the scene
lighting and graphics
building better buildings
system requirements
testing cheats


new challenges for artists
everything is 3d
skinning
animations
tools for artists


the sims 2 on the net
links












from the folks who brought you
            



simshost is a service of
            the lunar resources company
            





simshost accepts paypal and all
          major credit cards
          through our secure server.


this web site is secured using a 
          thawte digital certificate. this ensures that all information you 
          send to us via the world wide web will be encrypted. please click 
          on the thawte authentic site seal which will verify the validity 
          of our thawte certificate, and our commitment to your security.














the sims 2 is here!

electronic arts started shipping the sims 2 on september 14, 2004 so you can find it now in stores all over the world!




the sims 2
       $49.95 from the ea store



the sims 2 special edition dvd
       $49.95 from the ea store





the sims 2 university
       $34.95 from the ea store


       
    



click on either box cover to open a new window for the product at the electronic arts store.



we have so many things about the sims 2 that we want to show to you, the only way to do it was to create a whole new web site for it.  so here we are!
instead of setting up just another fan site for the new game with the same screen shots, we want to explore behind the scenes and provide you with some more detail on what the sims 2 means to you as a sims fan, an artist, or a webmaster in the sims community.
we are still gathering information, making graphics, and writing essays in all the subjects listed in the menu at the left.  the lighter colored links point to sections of the site that aren't ready yet, but the darker links are areas where we have explored the subject enough that we can keep you informed with update announcements.
we hope you enjoy our little fan site for the sims 2!
a brief synopsis of the plot so far

in the year 2000 maxis released their phenomenal computer game, the sims, and watched as it sold 6.4 million copies by early 2002 to become the best-selling computer game of all time.  
now, four years and seven expansion packs later, they are working on the final stages of developing the first entirely new game based on the sims. 
relying heavily on the basic concepts of the sims, the new game promises to enhance your experience with the sims in nearly every way.  the characters' personalities are more complete, their lives are richer, the graphical environment has caught up with new developments in the computers we use, and with the new 3-dimensional universal that the characters live in you can get up close and personal with your characters.
moving into the 3d world

from all we have seen and heard, the sims 2 promises to be a major advance in the state of the art, not just in the world of the sims, but in the whole industry of representing people in 3d computer games.  like its predecessor, the game will give us a look behind the scenes of the heroes, villains, and innocents that populate other games, this time in even more vibrant detail.  
use the links in the main menu at the left to explore what we've learned about the sims 2 and where we think the game is going.  if you'd like to visit the official site, just click on the words "the sims 2" anywhere they appear in these essays.
many of the artists who contribute to the fan sites here on simshost are eagerly preparing their tools and honing their skills in anticipation of the new version of the game.  while you are waiting for its release, we hope you will enjoy our preview of the sims 2.

watch this site for more information about  the sims 2 as we learn more about it.  
in the mean time, please visit the many wonderful sites on simshost for the largest selection in the world of downloads for the original version of the sims! 
































the sims is a trademark of electronic arts.  
              simshost is a trademark of the lunar resources company.  
              moon sims is a service mark of artemis society international.
              source art and images from the sims 2 provided 
              courtesy of and copyright © by maxis; used with permission.
              this site is not endorsed by or affiliated with electronic arts or its licensors. 
              trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
              game content and materials copyright electronic arts inc. 
              and its licensors; all rights reserved.  



if you have questions or comments about this site, please visit us in the 
              simshost yahoo group or the
              moon sims yahoo group.  
              this web site built and maintained by the simshost team
              with
              website director express
              from 
              cyberteams.  additional software support is
              provided by the lunar resources company and the webmasters and artists of the many wonderful sites
              hosted by simshost. 



copyright © 2007 by simshost.  all rights reserved.  updated mon, jan 1, 2007.









