



  



home - gaslamp plaza suites downtown san diego  - gaslamp boutique hotel








































scroll


gaslamp plaza suites



homeguest roomsspecial offersamenitieslocationcontactsowner connectattractionsdiningeventsgalleryaccessibility









historysyrah wine parlorthe melting potsurf reportweatherowner's onlyowner connect








book online

+ advantages of booking directly



flexible cancellation
best rate online
free upgrades based on availability
excellent customer service

book now














homewelcome to gaslamp plaza suites

the gaslamp plaza suites is a historical, european style hotel built in 1913. the original architectural aspects are still evident such as original marble on walls and stairways and brass elevator doors. all are preserved meticulously in keeping with our status of being listed in the national registry of historic places. located in the heart of the historic gaslamp quarter, the gaslamp plaza suites is surrounded by shopping, theater, art galleries and more than 100 fantastic restaurants and night clubs. the gaslamp plaza suites is a half-mile walk from the san diego convention center, as well as petco park (home to the san diego padres). we are 1 mile from seaport village and uss midway and 2 miles from the cruise terminal and the world famous san diego zoo. we are also close to other tourist attractions like sea world, balboa park, coronado, san diego harbor, house of blues, civic theat re , and the newly remodeled balboa theater all within walking distance or a short bus or trolley ride away.











guest rooms
click for more info
all rooms decorated in personalized european style. superb craftsmanship is evident in the sculpted corinthian marble, australian gumwood carpentry, hand-cut mosaic tiles with bronze and brass embellishments. complimentary wifi in all guest rooms and hotel area. 








our history "fun hotel with history, right in the middle of everything."








the city's first "skyscraper"
read our history
see how this priceless wonder has evolved since its construction in 1913.












a luxury hotel
watch our video
most recently before its transformation into a small luxury hotel, the building was known as the jewelers' exchange.












historic gaslamp quarter

located in the heart of the historic gaslamp quarter, the gaslamp plaza suites is surrounded by shopping, theater, art galleries and more than 100 fantastic restaurants and night clubs. 












latest news enjoy your stay

enjoy a great stay at the gaslamp plaza suites in the gaslamp quarter, downtown san diego. our rooftop terrace offers a wonderful view over downtown san diego. free wifi throughout the hotel.








special offers
click for more info
book directly with us and save up to -25%!












the melting pot














a fondue restaurant
visit website
your fondue experience... the melting pot... dip into something different. 












explore the city














vin de syrah
learn more
enjoy the ambiance, music, food and drink that is simply, vin de syrah. 












time to relax














@gaslampplazasuites instagram















scroll top




520 e. street, san diego, california 92101 united states92101


001 619-232-9500





facebook gaslamp plaza suites
instagram gaslamp plaza suites



homeguest roomslocationgalleryspecial offersamenitiesattractionssyrah wine parlorhistorycontactsour clubdiningeventsthe melting potweathersurf reportowner's onlysitemap日本語owner connectrock 'n' roll san diegotripadvisor reviewsprivacy and data policyaccessibilityedit reservation


























