










tango diva - stories by women, for women




















































 













skip to content











february 16, 2025











facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest


















inspirationexpand


visionaries


culture
wellness
style
authorsexpand


patti mangan
sheila gaspers
lynn friedman
natalie ackerman
shelley seale
janice nieder
teresa rodriguez
charlee ottersberg
chelsea richards
jayme lamm


reviewsexpand


activity review
destination review
girlfriend getaways
bookshelf best bets
travel deals


product reviews
 









search





























toggle menu


























buy chubs fish in 2025
february 13, 2025
if you’re an expat from the great lakes region, you probably have fond memories of delicious chubs. my parents would serve up a platter of smoked chubs with farm fresh tomatoes and raw onion slices. heaven. something about the rich flavor and firm texture. let us know in the comments…read more







buy chubs fish in 2025




the limón dance company – a modern dance legacy




exquisite creatures revealed: omsi’s latest stunning exhibit




riverdance returns: 30 years strong!




the st. augustine celtic music & heritage festival – on florida’s historic coast




connemara calling




san jose jazz summer fest with herbie hancock and angélique kidjo 






inspiration




connemara calling
august 17, 2024
my summer travel took me back to the west of ireland to explore galway and connemara, my mother’s ancestral… read more


armchair travel: explore the world from the comfort of your couch
may 20, 2020
during a time when all of us have had to cancel long awaited travel, secluded from our friends and… read more


florida’s crystal river & the magical manatee
february 17, 2020
i consider myself a lucky one whenever i connect with mother nature and her magical creations. my visit to… read more





culture




riverdance returns: 30 years strong!
january 13, 2025
riverdance: a new generation celebrates 30 years with a us tour, featuring youthful talent and captivating performances from january… read more


the st. augustine celtic music & heritage festival – on florida’s historic coast
january 2, 2025
the st. augustine celtic music and heritage festival combines a coastal escape with world-class music and spectacle in america’s… read more


san jose jazz summer fest with herbie hancock and angélique kidjo 
june 9, 2024
san jose jazz summer fest 2024 returns with 80 artists appearing in nine indoor and outdoor venues, and its… read more


san luis obispo int’l film festival 2024
april 18, 2024
slo (that’s what the locals call it), pulled out all the stops for their 30th annual film festival. read more





wellness




time to begutzy®: “getting the good stuff for your gut”
july 1, 2021
the year of the pandemic has freed up time for many to reflect on health and happiness. we have… read more


portland’s scenic greenways: see the southeast from a local’s view
july 16, 2020
portland, oregon has a well earned reputation for being a bike friendly city. part of what makes this reputation… read more


tropic like it’s hot – soon to be your most complimented leggings!
june 30, 2020
after scouring the internet for what felt like days for fresh, functional activewear i ran across a company i… read more


skirt sports: the activewear world’s hidden gem
may 5, 2020
activewear just got a whole lot more inclusive! delving into the world of running as a plus size woman… read more





style




skirt sports: the activewear world’s hidden gem
may 5, 2020
activewear just got a whole lot more inclusive! delving into the world of running as a plus size woman… read more


halston: film review
may 13, 2019
documentary about roy halston frowick, a country boy from iowa, who in the 1970s transformed himself into a superstar… read more


tips for traveling with jewelry
june 28, 2017
part of my job as a personal wardrobe stylist is packing my clients for trips. i seem to be… read more


the grande colonial hotel: the belle of la jolla, ca
june 9, 2016
la jolla is a picture-perfect seaside village nestled along a stunning stretch of pacific coastline just 40 minutes from… read more





reviews




hotel cerro: san luis obispo
april 11, 2024
i was in town for the slo film festival & really lucked out. located downtown, it’s a short walk… read more


bella! film review: powerful doc of 70’s feminist icon
august 27, 2023
the historic castro theatre hosted bella!, the 2023 closing night selection of the san francisco jewish film festival, oldest… read more


remembering gene wilder:  tribute doc
august 12, 2023
remembering gene wilder opened the 2023 san francisco jewish film festival, screened at the beautiful castro theatre. side note:… read more


san luis obispo international film festival
may 6, 2023
the slo film fest is yet another reason to visit san luis obispo, the star of california’s central coast.… read more





product reviews




summer adventure protection
may 7, 2024
sawyer provides outdoor safety products while supporting clean water initiatives globally, ensuring effective protection against sun and insects. read more


nail it with pop-out color diy & performance
august 17, 2021
beauty manufacturers understand that we are always seeking out solutions to elevate our personal best from head to toe.… read more


time to begutzy®: “getting the good stuff for your gut”
july 1, 2021
the year of the pandemic has freed up time for many to reflect on health and happiness. we have… read more


nabee socks: a support system just for your legs
june 17, 2020
if you have ever seen a runner moving along in some knee high compression socks, you have probably wondered… read more





















about
contact
submission guidelines
terms of service
opt-out preferences
 















© 2025 tango diva
 














manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
scroll to top
scroll to top
 












search







home
culturetoggle child menuexpand


bookshelf best bets
film reiews


inspiration
wellness
styletoggle child menuexpand


fashionista files


reviewstoggle child menuexpand


hotel reviews
product reviews
dining reviews


featurestoggle child menuexpand


visionaries
the man issue
girlfriend getaways


travel dealstoggle child menuexpand


our preferred travel agents


cruises
abouttoggle child menuexpand


terms of service
advertise
diva blogs
submission guidelines


contact
 
























toggle menu close
 




search for:



search
 




