










michigan mufon | serious investigation of michigan ufo reports	





























skip to primary content


michigan mufon
serious investigation of michigan ufo reports






search





main menu
#33 (no title)
attend our next meeting
join our team
contact us
[ report a ufo ]
 









please click here to report your ufo sighting
120 michigan ufo sightings were reported directly to mufon in 2024!
michigan mufon inc. is a proud state chapter of the mutual ufo network, the world’s largest civilian ufo research organization.
mufon was founded in 1969 to investigate the growing ufo phenomenon through a motivated team of trained investigators and researchers.
our organization currently has more than 5,000 members worldwide with chapters and representatives in more than 40 countries and in all 50 united states.
if you’ve seen something anomalous in the sky, we’d like to hear from you. we may even contact you personally to further investigate your sighting.
and we’d love for you to attend our meetings and join our team!
please click below to explore the archive of thought-provoking radio interviews with top-name guests on the ufo phenomenon with your host david twichell and the program “we are not alone.”

swamp gas conference 2016 dvds are available to order online from swampgasufo.com
mufon thrives from our diverse membership. we actively support equity and inclusion in our organization.  mufon does not and shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry). disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status, in any of its activities or operations.  we celebrate a fully inclusive environment.










preston dennett

preston dennett will be our speaker for our march 16 zoom presentation (7pm eastern). date subject to potential change at this point.our meeting is free and open to everyone and will begin at 7pm eastern. a link will be shared to access it.

michigan mufon featured in latest season of netflix's unsolved mysteries!

aaron sagers podcast talking strange interviews michigan mufon state director bill konkolesky and retired nws radar operator on the 30th anniversary of the big march 8, 1994 michigan ufo event. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew5lgxxdthc&t=1753s

remember michigan mufon members/subscribers to check your spam folder for emails from your state chapter.  some communications have been reportedly routed there for some individuals.  to prevent this, please mark michigan mufon as a safe sender/not spam.  thank you.

a brand new half-hour documentary on the 1966 hillsdale college ufo event produced by current hillsdale college students! please click here to view it!

to learn scientific remote viewing from our january 2022 presenter tony sivalelli, please visit learnremoteviewing.net
 




 
 

beyond cosmic 
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				








