









your san antonio lawyers - a texas law firm | san antonio style






















toggle navigation







salawyer
 | 

					 carroll 
					
&
					 hinojosa, pllc







 home

 practice areas 
 

 
business law
criminal law
divorce law
driving while intoxicated (dwi)
family law

personal injury law
probate law
wills & estate planning



 attorneys 

all attorneys

frank a. hinojosa
robert featherston



 (210) 650-9074   























a texas law firm | san antonio style 



 a texas law firm  san antonio style 



 
why carroll & hinojosa is san antonio's law firm


experienced lawyers, passionate about winning, and compassionate about their clients
a team litigation strategy and approach
sound and practical counsel







	since 1998, the law offices of carroll & hinojosa, pllc have provided comprehensive legal services in san antonio and throughout texas. our law firm has zealously represented clients in areas of the law involving criminal, family, business, probate, estate planning, bankruptcy and injury law.
our law firm has the resources, experience and ability to handle your case regardless of how complex or urgent.  at carroll & hinojosa, pllc you will have an attorney handling your legal matter from the very beginning that will listen to you, will know your story and will assist you in finding a solution that is best for you.




our team of lawyers will partner with you to resolve your matter in a cost efficient manner while seeking the best outcome possible.
our trial attorneys are seasoned litigators that try cases to juries or judges on a consistent basis.  at the same time, we know that not all cases require a trial, sometimes our clients are better served with a well negotiated settlement rather than the stress or exposure of a trial.  listening to our clients and knowing their needs helps us find the best solution, whether by trying the case in court or negotiating a reasonable settlement.
some legal matters do not require trial work but rather sound advice and guidance, such as preparing estate planning documents, wills and powers of attorneys, business entity formation, prenuptial agreements, buy-sell agreements, contracts and real estate documents.







call now for a free, no obligation, consultation about your case. 
 (210) 650-9074 










 criminal defense





when someone is accused of a crime, they need a skilled criminal defense lawyer immediately.  our lawyers represent those accused of crimes ranging from simple misdemeanors to serious felonies.
view details »




 

 family law





family law involves advice or representation in many areas including divorce, military divorce, child custody, child support or enforcement, annulment, adoption, name change and family violence.
view details »






 business law





our law office represents many business owners and businesses with a wide range of services including setting up the business, drafting buy-sell agreements, preparing contracts and litigation.
view details »









 wills

there are a variety of manners in which the distribution of the estate of a deceased loved one can be settled.  our lawyers will assist you in determining if probate is necessary or if there are alternative and more cost effective solutions.
view details »




 probate

when our attorneys assist clients with estate planning, they appreciate the experience in business and family law we bring as we help them plan for the future and welfare of their families and protect their assets.  our lawyers prepare wills, trusts and powers of attorney as well as advise how to avoid probate when possible.
view details »




 personal injury

for the past ten years our personal injury practice has covered a variety of complex injury and death cases resulting from car accidents, trucking accidents, drunk drivers, nursing home neglect and wrongful deaths caused by medical negligence.
 
view details »





 

attorneys








frank a. hinojosa
attorney/shareholder

mr. hinojosa has been licensed since 1996. he is a graduate of the university of texas school of law.








robert featherston
attorney/of counsel

mr. featherston has been licensed since 1996. he is a graduate of jefferson law school.










providing zealous representation to clients since 1998.
				 (210) 650-9074 









northeast san antonio office
	12702 toepperwein rd.
	suite 235
	san antonio, tx 78233
	 (210) 650-9074   















