






silver vase orchids – wholesale, premium orchids











































silver vase orchids


orchid collections

orchid collections
teacup orchids
mystique orchids
swan orchids
5” phalaenopsis orchids
shaped orchids
garden arrangements
espresso orchids


retailers
sustainability
about silver vase

about silver vase
careers
your orchid questions


contact










orchid pioneers who understand your business strategy
we deliver a wide variety of exquisite, long-lasting wholesale orchids that increase sell-through rates and bring joy to your customers.
see the complete collection






what we promise, when we promise it
no matter what quantity, colors or variety you order, count on us to have you ready for even the busiest holidays.
explore our wholesale retail solutions






a sense of well-being and serenity
in uncertain times, orchids remind customers that nature supports healing and new beginnings are around the corner.
learn more about silver vase










uncompromising quality.
fresh ideas.
seamless communication.
 
wholesale orchid solutions as unique as our plants


our team of orchid experts understands that every company, store and customer is different. as more than just your wholesale orchid supplier, we’ll listen, get to know your business model and work with you to customize solutions that bring fresh ideas to life.

learnwhat you can expect from silver vase					






our sustainably grown orchids




 
grown to exacting and eco-friendly standards, silver vase orchids all share the same premier quality, freshness and shelf appeal. we take pride in delivering “clean and green” plants that are equal parts stunning and hardy, with no chemical residue. from the lure of a dramatic mystique to a teacup’s delicate charm, customers won’t be able to resist stopping for a closer look.

see our orchid collections					





preview our featured collections







teacup orchids





mystique orchids





swan orchids





5” phalaenopsis orchids







i just wanted to tell you that i love, love, love the espresso orchid garden i recently purchased from whole foods, manhasset, ny. i am an orchid lover and i’ve never seen a presentation as special as this! i’ll certainly be buying more of your product!
– barbara bascone
manhasset, ny
 





copyright 2020 silver vase | (305) 248-0821 | 26001 sw 217 ave, homestead, fl 33031

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram














