





































    
    leadfirst: the faith-driven leadership operating system
  
  




















          


       kingdom impact



  pricing



  about


   frequently asked questions



  gary harpst



  podcasts



  partners



  contact us





  resources


   erm™ briefing



  books & resources



  webinars


   kingdom impact business webinar










  

login




  





       


   

sign up for free trial






 



      contact us 

 






    


 
    kingdom impact



  pricing



  about


   frequently asked questions



  gary harpst



  podcasts



  partners



  contact us





  resources


   erm™ briefing



  books & resources



  webinars


   kingdom impact business webinar










   

sign up for free trial








      
      build leaders that take care of

business
and people


 kingdom erm™ is an
employee relationship management system leader development | business operating system | employee caring strategies.

    

sign up for free trial


   

interactive demo



 one snapshot puts key info at your fingertips for each team member

 transform your workplace culture.
talk to a mentor today.






    

    the erm™ software that helps develop
managers into
leaders

     

sign up for free trial






 kingdom erm™ is the first employee relationship management tool that helps organizations build stronger connections through proven management practices.with over 40 years of business experience and three books on management and leadership, gary harpst is an expert on organizational leadership.he’s taken the lifetime of management experience and created an app to help managers hit their numbers
and build cohesive, engaged teams that find and fulfill god-given purpose at work.






   

 challenges  overcoming common obstacles in building effective teams
     01

  chaos
 nothing seems to work right. no one is on the same page. everything takes longer and is harder to do than it should.
  02

  frustration
 when people feel like they can't win, tensions rise, fuses get short. its a relief to go home.


    03

  changing priorities
 everything is a crisis, the urgent trumps the important everyday. you are running on adrenalin all day long.
  04

  no time for people
 you are governed completely by your watch, not relationships. when you do talk with people they know you are in a hurry.





   benefits  addressing the barriers to stronger employee relationships
     01

  care strategies that fit your purpose
 clarify your purpose and then choose proven strategies for whole-person care that fit that purpose.
  02

  clear expectations & ownership
 the leader's relationship, plans, meetings, measures and training clarify not only what an employees is responsible for but the way they interact with people as they deliver it. ﻿


    03

  info organized the way you work
 leaders are overwhelmed with information. to ease the load leadfirst organizes information around the people and teams they interact with. our meeting management and individual snapshot streamline info access.
  04

  change is orderly & communicated
 change is relentless, so clear processes for quickly identifying issues, making decisions and communicating decisions is critical to santity and performance.


    05

  built-in learning
 organization performance depends on individual and collective growth. a learning library is built in. learning tracks are integrated into individual plans and micro learnings into meetings to support continuous learning.
  06

  measured progress
 pressure from the urgent is relentless, which makes organization development benchmarking critical. benchmarks assure that leaders are held accountable for developing their teams and for identifying best practices.


    07

  people smiling at day's end
 recently when i asked tyler, a supervisor of 40 people, what success meant to him. he said, "i want to hit my numbers and i want my people smiling at the end of the day." that sums it up.



 



   why do business with us?
 our journey has prepared us to help you on yours

    we've lived the same challenges

we've experienced it all. no growth, rapid growth, turnover, tech change, acquisitions, inflation, bad hiring, people in the wrong job, hidden agendas, throwing money at problems and plain old bad decisions.we have also seen what clear purpose, talented people, who want to make a difference, lots of prayer and caring about people can do.

 



   

  4 decades, 5 businesses, 50k clients

four decades ago, our journey started in a bible study asking the question. 'if god is real shouldn't our faith affect everything we do?' forty years, five businesses and 50,000 customers later we are still learning and enjoying our adventure.



    called to care

you may not agree with our faith, but our belief in god requires us to treat you right. we believe you were created in god's image, unique and have infinite value. we seek to respect you and treat you with honesty and integrity, because it is the right thing to do.

 






    3 steps to better employee relationship management

       1


  




 register for a free trial

check-out our leader snapshot, learning library and tools for caring for your team and your business.
  

sign up for free trial


     2


  




 choose your path

talk to an expert on our team to learn more about the leadfirst erm™ software and mentorship options.
  

talk to us


     3


  




 get quick wins

start with some quick wins that will improve communication that your team will notice right away. build enthusiasm for change.
  

download 5 steps to use erm™ to get in control







    kingdom erm™ makes
managing complex employee relationships easier


   

sign up for free trial









    
      


 kingdom erm is the complete
employee relationship management system that organizes employee care like crms organize customer care.

     

 





 1219 west main crosssuite 205findlay, ohio 45840


  employee relationship management systememployee relationship management for kingdom impact leaderserm pricing and features


  resourcespartnersleadfirst briefing blogleadership guidesleadership booksbooks by gary harpstclient login

  on-demand webinars
kingdom impact businesscollaborative problem-solving


  about leadfirstabout gary harpstbuilt to beat chaos bookspeakingpodcast appearancesfeatured on

 contact leadfirst or gary harpst






 
     






 
       © 2025 
leadfirst | 🟢 site by spearlance




  privacy policy  
| 
cookie policy 
| 
accessibility | 
terms of service

























































































































  
  share by:















  


