















division on civil rights | home - new jersey office of attorney general







































































  


















































































































































state of new jersey | department of law & public safety
 
 

followfollowfollowfollowfollowfollow
 
 
 




 




home
divisions
about

meet attorney general platkin
leadership team
divisions & offices
office history


initiatives

ag priorities

combating violent crime and gun violence
advancing innovative policing policies
eradicating hate, bias, and discrimination
fighting corruption
battling the opioid epidemic
rebuilding trust and improving safety in paterson
ensuring access to reproductive rights
tackling auto theft
protecting children online
securing environmental justice
standing up for new jerseyans


programs

ag’s advocacy institute
arrive together
consumer protection
excellence in policing
human trafficking unit
fighting the opioid crisis
nj cares
officer resiliency
police recruiting
racial justice
sports wagering
strengthening community trust
use of force policy




media

news
media library
division, office, and commission seals
year in review


careers

attorney positions
non-attorney positions
student internships
2025 attorney general’s honors program
diversity & inclusion
salary & benefits
how to apply
all job postings


resources

ag directives
ag guidelines
ag opinions
licenses & permits
grant opportunities
outside counsel
victim witness services
oag library
reports


contact

file a complaint
ag event request form
public records request
constituent services





















 
 
  




division on civil rights | home











file a civil rights complaint
learn how to file or respond to a complaint of discrimination, and how to register your organization to receive complaints, through the nj bias investigation access system (njbias).
 

 
 




home appraisal discriminationdcr is committed to combating discrimination in home appraisals.  learn more about our initiative to tackle appraisal bias in new jersey.
 

 
 




housing discrimination protectionsthe new jersey law against discrimination (lad) prohibits discrimination in housing based on actual or perceived protected characteristics. the fair chance in housing act prohibits landlords from rejecting prospective tenants because of their criminal history except in certain limited circumstances.
 

 
 




our resourcesdivision on civil rights fact sheets offer brief overviews of different areas covered by the new jersey law against discrimination (lad), the new jersey family leave act (njfla), and the fair chance in housing act (fcha) in 14 different languages. view our library of resources, including fact sheets, reports, model policies, and more.
 

 
 
 
 
 



division on civil rights | home
 
 



sundeep iyer, director
 
 
 
 



search for:



     
 
 
 





home
about dcr

dcr careers
contact dcr


know the law

fair chance in housing act
new jersey family leave act
multiple dwelling reporting rule


file an lad or njfla complaint
file a fcha complaint
resources
media
trainings










 
 
 








how to file a complaint
click here to learn more about how to file a complaint with the division on civil rights
  

 
dcr provides free and confidential interpretation services.if you need help, please call 1.833.njdcr4u (833-653-2748) (voice) or the relay service at 711, or email languagehelp@njcivilrights.gov.

 
 
 


recent dcr news
 
 
 



attorney general matthew j. platkin stands with transgender military members in challenge to president trump’s discriminatory executive order
february 14, 2025


new jersey attorney general matthew j. platkin today joined a coalition of 20 state attorneys general in filing a “friend of the court” brief, or amicus brief, to support a lawsuit challenging the implementation of president trump’s executive order banning transgender people from serving in the military. the brief argues that the executive order is unconstitutional, harms national security, and discriminates against transgender people honorably serving in our nation’s military, including the national guard in every state…

read more


 

ag platkin and division on civil rights announce enforcement action in workplace sexual harassment case
february 5, 2025


attorney general matthew j. platkin and the division on civil rights (dcr) announced today that dcr has issued a finding of probable cause alleging that red lobster hospitality llc (red lobster) violated the new jersey law against discrimination (lad) by failing to take appropriate remedial action to address workplace sexual harassment that created a hostile work environment at its woodbury, new jersey restaurant…

read more


 
 


ag platkin and division on civil rights announce enforcement actions in 20 cases involving housing discrimination against recipients of rental assistance
february 10, 2025


attorney general matthew j. platkin and the division on civil rights (dcr) today announced that dcr has taken enforcement action in 20 cases alleging violations of the new jersey law against discrimination’s (lad) prohibition against denying the opportunity to obtain housing because of a prospective tenant’s source of lawful income, such as government rental assistance…

read more


 

attorney general platkin and division on civil rights announce new guidance on algorithmic discrimination, creation of civil rights innovation lab
january 9, 2025


attorney general matthew j. platkin and the division on civil rights (dcr) announced that dcr has launched a new civil rights and technology initiative to address the risks of discrimination and bias-based harassment stemming from the use of artificial intelligence (ai) and other advanced technologies, and to support innovation by providing guidance to members of the public and regulated entities about how the new jersey law against discrimination (lad) applies to the use of these advanced technologies…

read more


 
 
 


dcr notices
 
 
 


immigrant protections
the new jersey division on civil rights has issued a statement on civil rights protections for immigrant communities.
(translations: arabic | chinese (simplified) | chinese (traditional) | gujarati | haitian creole | korean | portuguese | spanish)
 
lgbtqia+ protections
the new jersey division on civil rights has issued a statement on civil rights protections for lgbtqia+ new jerseyans.
 
language access
the nj division on civil rights (dcr) is committed to ensuring equal access for new jerseyans who have limited english proficiency (lep). every person in new jersey, no matter their primary language, country of origin, nationality, or immigration status, is protected from discrimination and bias-based harassment under the nj law against discrimination.
to learn more about dcr’s language access work, we invite you to read our language access plan for 2025 and the faq.
(faq translations: arabic | chinese (simplified) | chinese (traditional) | gujarati | haitian creole | korean | portuguese | spanish)
 



required posters
on august 1, 2022, dcr adopted new and amended regulations to increase the visibility and effectiveness of posters that the state requires employers, housing providers, and places of public accommodation to display to inform people of their rights under new jersey’s law against discrimination (lad) and family leave act (fla). all covered businesses, employers, and housing providers are required by law to display the applicable posters.
if you have prior versions of these posters displayed, please remove them and replace them with the updated posters, which can be found here. click here to read the regulations and here to read the press release.


 
 
 


explore dcr
 
 
 





file a complaint
learn more about how to file a civil rights complaint with dcr.

 
 
 




civil rights trainings
the new jersey division on civil rights offers interactive trainings aimed at preventing and addressing discrimination through their education and training unit.
see training topics and registration links here.

 
 
 




fair chance in housing act
beginning january 1, 2022 dcr now enforces the fair chance in housing act. click here to learn more about the law.

 
 
 




housing discrimination
learn more about how dcr is combating discrimination in housing.

 
 
 
 


dcr 75th anniversary
dcr invites all community members to join us for the virtual #stopthehate series.

75th anniversary home
75th anniversary exhibit
75th anniversary registration


fcha webinar
in case you missed the fair chance in housing act virtual event:

fcha virtual event (video)
fcha additional resources document


aapi webinar
in case you missed the aapi webinar, you can

view it here (video)
speaker bios
additional resources


white supremacy, domestic threats, & youth extremism listening session
in case you missed the listening sessions on white supremacy, domestic threats, & youth extremism.

06/09/21 listening session (video)
07/14/21 listening session (video)
share your related experiences
speaker bios:
june 9th | july 14th

 
youth mental health resources
additional resources

 
 
 





immigrants and refugees
we stand with immigrant and refugee communities. our division enforces the law against discrimination to protect all nj residents regardless of immigration status. learn more here.

 
 
 




regulations

learn more about dcr’s proposed changes and finalized changes to regulations.

 
 
 




njbias
learn how to file or respond to a complaint of discrimination, and how to register your organization to receive complaints, through the nj bias investigation access system (njbias).

 
 
 




recent events & webinars
in case you missed one of our recent webinars.
view them here!



 
 
 
 





about dcr
learn more about the nj division on civil rights, including what we do and how we can help.

 
 
 




know the law
learn more about your rights under the new jersey law against discrimination and new jersey family leave act.

 
 
 




covid-19 resources
learn more about your rights and protections against discrimination and bias-based harassment related to the covid-19 pandemic.

 
 
 




resources
view our library of resources including fact sheets, reports, model policies, and more.

 
 
 
 
 





 

division on civil rights
dcr homecontact dcrabout dcrfile a civil rights complaintresourcesknow the lawemployment
 






 

 
 
 
 





 
 
 
  

 
 
 





 
 



 


 

state of new jersey | department of law & public safety
office of the attorney general
 
 



search for:







 
 
 


aboutmeet attorney general platkin
divisions & offices
history
 
 
medianews
media library
division, office, and commission seals
year in review
 
 
contactfile a complaint
ag event request form
public records request
constituent services
 
 
 

attorney general’s prioritiesracial justice
combating gun violence
police-community relations
protecting new jersey in court
 ongoing programsattorney general’s advocacy institute
arrive together
behavioral health
child protection
civil rights
combatting gun violence
consumer protection
environmental justice
excellence in policing
fighting the opioid crisis
human trafficking unit
immigrants rights
youth justice
officer resiliency
policing initiative
public integrity
sexual assault victims
sports wagering
statewide veterans diversion program
strengthening community trust
use of force policy
 
 
 

resourcesag directives
ag guidelines
ag opinions
grant opportunities
licenses & permits
outside counsel
victim services
 
 
 
 



  © dlps | privacy notice | accessibility statement

 
 
 
  

 

 


translate »











 




























