



	the political machine 2024







































stardock.com navigation

software


object desktop
your complete windows customization suite.


start11
customize the start menu and taskbar in windows 10/11.


fences 4
automatically organize your desktop apps, files, and folders on windows 10 and 11.


deskscapes
personalize your desktop wallpaper with animated pictures and video.


multiplicity
connect multiple pcs with one keyboard and mouse.


groupy 2
organize multiple applications into grouped tabs on your windows desktop.


desktopgpt
bringing ai to your workflow.


spacemonger
quickly free up storage space on pcs and shared-networks.


windowblinds 11
customize the look and feel of your taskbar, window frames, and more.


view all software products
discover our productivity and customization tools.


corporate software solutions
increase productivity, design intelligent controls and reinforce branding with our enterprise products.




games


galactic civilizations
discover new adventures and rule the galaxy your way in this 4x space strategy game.


sins of a solar empire
real-time strategy. unrivaled scale.


star control
the space action/adventure classic returns.


the political machine 2024
win the hearts and minds of america's voters.


ashes of the singularity
massive-scale warfare in an epic rts.


offworld trading company
save humanity. turn a profit. preferably both.


all games
check out our complete catalog of award-winning games.


community
stay up-to-date with game news and dev journals.


metaverse
see how you rank against other players in your favorite games.


wikis
immerse yourself in game lore, tutorials, and more.




community


                                        software
                                    

                                        games
                                    

                                        discord
                                    

                                        wikis
                                    

                                        wincustomize
                                    


news
blog
support











search









home
game
forums
news
screenshots
purchase





 
home
★
game
★
forums
★
news
★
screenshots
purchase
 









now available

run for president in the latest edition of stardock’s popular political strategy game series, the political machine 2024. choose from a roster of candidates including kamala harris, donald trump, joe biden, dean phillips and nikki haley or create your own using the game’s candidate creation workshop.


get it now 


also available at:













game features
latest update details [show]


pre-election update: updates issues and voter enthusiasm to give most accurate model yet
v1.12 update: adds j.d. vance, recent real-world issues, more customization
v1.11 update: brings game balance changes and quality of life adjustments
v1.1 update: introduces the war room, enhanced endorsement system, and game quality improvements
v1.01 update: new candidates, mac support, and game quality improvements




choose solo or multiplayer gameplay – play single player against the computer or multiplayer against other human opponents (multiplayer feature coming soon).
practice your politics – a sophisticated underlying simulation model uses census data and real issues to test your political savvy.
strategize electoral victory – run against the opposing party’s nominee for president to gather the 270 electoral votes needed on election day or against other members of your political party to obtain the delegate count to become your party’s nominee.
choose your candidate – play as one of several candidates, each with their own custom stats like stamina, intelligence, charisma, media bias, and more.
create a candidate – customize your own front runner and race for the white house.
manage your campaign budget – purchase advertisements, travel across the country to campaign, and hire operatives to enhance your pr or cripple your opponent.
be ready for anything – torrid affairs, natural disasters, email scandals, and other “breaking news” events can pop up and change the direction of the campaign for better or worse.
check your standings – with poll tracking and leaderboards, you can see how well people are playing as their candidates or what issues they are supporting over time.


new! compete in the primary campaign – outperform the three other candidates in your party to secure the highest number of delegates. focus on winning key caucus states early to gain a competitive edge over your rivals.
new! deploy political action cards – utilize your political capital strategically to undermine your opponents and bolster your campaign. invest in cards that demand political capital for significant, election-swinging effects, ensuring your actions leave a lasting impact on the race.
new! participate in the presidential debates – a battleground state is selected for candidates to express their support or opposition on the most pressing issues. utilize this platform to either garner support or risk negative reactions from the audience. strategically challenge an opponent’s position to sway public opinion in your favor.
deliver impactful speeches – assert your position on pivotal issues, utilizing your stamina judiciously. opt to either endorse or contest particular topics within chosen states, or tactically expose an adversary's stance.
establish campaign headquarters – enhance your electoral strategy. focus on constructing buildings that either increase your funding, provide valuable cards, or amplify your messaging efforts. choose the specialization that best supports your campaign goals to gain a competitive advantage.







screenshots

















































dlc




cabinet of curiosities dlc
with this dlc, your candidate can stand out on the campaign trail like never before. don a drengin battle armor to show strength, or charm voters with a touch of historical finesse in a napoleonic hat. take your image to new heights with an astronaut outfit, or let your free spirit fly with an array of crazy hair options.
but that's just the beginning! the "cabinet of curiosities" is brimming with eclectic and eye-catching pieces, allowing for endless combinations. whether you want to inspire, amuse, or surprise the electorate, this dlc gives you the tools to create a candidate that's uniquely yours.





















get it now 
also available at:














latest news

up to 75% off stardock games and software during the autumn sale

										the annual autumn sale is here - get up to 75% off*

steam keys are provided...
										[read full article]

11.27.2024 | redskittlesonly

stardock entertainment welcomes kevin perry as new general manager

										stardock entertainment, a leading developer and publisher of innovative strategy and simulation games, is pleased...
										[read full article]

10.31.2024 | redskittlesonly

pre-election update for the political machine 2024 released

										final major update to political strategy simulation updates issues and voter enthusiasm to give most...
										[read full article]

10.30.2024 | redskittlesonly
view more






minimum system requirements


windows:
requires a 64-bit processor and operating system
os: windows 10/11 64-bit
processor: 2 ghz dual-core processor
memory: 4 gb ram
graphics: nvidia geforce 650 / radeon hd 3600 or better
directx: version 11
network: broadband internet connection
storage: 500 mb available space



macos:
requires an apple processor
os: macos sonoma 14.4 or greater
processor: apple m1 or greater
memory: 8 gb ram
graphics: apple m1 graphics or better
network: broadband internet connection
storage: 600 mb available space














press|blog|support|contact us
                    copyright © 2025 stardock entertainment. the political machine is a trademark of stardock entertainment. steam and the steam logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of valve corporation in the u.s. and/or other countries. all rights reserved.










receive game updates & offers


enter email address


subscribe


signing up, please wait...


sorry but an error occured. please try again later.


thank you, please check  to confirm your subscription!
















