







weft

















home
about
listen live
support weft
recent spins
shows
community partners






weft 90.1 fm
listener-supported, volunteer operated, community radio since 1981






donate to weft 90.1 fm online!!



you can use our online donation form to make a one-time or recurring donation to weft. click on the blue donate now button.
all year long weft guides you on a journey through independent music and public affairs programming. the volunteer hosts that curate and select weft's programs are community members - your friends and neighbors.
thanks again for donating, it's never too late to donate!



new shows


"beats sticks and kicks," hosted by constant, moves to a new day and is broadcast every thursday from 10:00 pm to midnight starting february 6th. "beats sticks and kicks" blends today's hottest hip-hop hits and old-school hip-hop gems with listener interaction, sports, fashion, and video game culture.

 "night moves" with ian will continue to be broadcast on the 1st and 3rd friday of the month from 10:00 pm to midnight.  [live beat / dj mixed house and electronic music with splashes of nu disco, 80's new wave and funk]. it now alternates with automated rpm/edm

"weft re-sessions" has moved to early wednesday morning, midnight to 1:00 am. these are rebroadcasts of some of the classic monday night weft sessions of mostly live local music. they're selected from our more than 20 years of archives.

"catch the beat" with cope cumpston, wednesdays 5:30 to 6:30 pm - will air for four weeks january 29th, february 5th, 12th and 19th.

"friday forum" with paul mueth, airs wednesdays at 6:00 p.m. - radio broadcast of the university ymca lecture from the previous friday.  lectures begin friday, february 7th at noon at the university ymca, with the weft broadcasts starting on wednesday, february 12th at 6:00 pm  link to more information on the spring 2025 friday forum & conversation cafe series: https://www.universityymca.org/what-we-offer/programs/friday-forum-conversation-cafe

"the rift" - a new public affairs show, will broadcast every 1st and 3rd sunday from 3:00 - 4:00 pm starting sunday, november 3rd.  each episode of "the rift" will be a deep dive on a particular ecological subject, including the climate politics of the subject. listeners will hear from experts from here in illinois and around the world.

"the midnight drive" - will broadcast every friday morning from 12:00 am - 2:00 am (i.e., midnight on thursday) starting friday, november 1st. "the midnight drive" will focus on all genres of rock and will bring more diversity and a broader selection to the airwaves. some of the bands that might be heard include disturbed, beck, the doors, and avenged sevenfold.

"that's not punk" - will broadcast every 2nd and 4th thursday of the month from 6:00 - 8:00 pm starting thursday, october 24th "that's not punk" will focus on music that isn't easily accessible on the radio, mainly from the genres of 1980's goth and emo. some of the bands that might be heard are depeche mode, love and rockets, mother mother, and timbuk 3.  
    note: "lady lynn's live inspirational" show with lynn white will continue to be heard from 6:00 - 8:00 pm on the 1st and 3rd thursday, along with any 5th thursday.










listen live!

weft's new streaming partner, broadcast tool & die. click here if you want to listen through our new 
 https://weft.broadcasttool.stream/stream. we've found our new streaming partner is far more reliable.
download the new weft app
it's a whole new way to weft!  the free app can be downloaded from the apple ios app store and google's play store for android devices.
you can downloaded the new, free weft app for iphone
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/weft-fm/id6723680095





recently played on weft




donate to weft 90.1 fm online



you can use our online donation form to make a one-time or recurring donation to weft. click on the blue donate now button.
even though our donation drive may be over, it's never too late to donate!

donate by mail
print & fill out our printable donation form and include it with your check. make checks payable to weft, and mail them to:
weftp.o. box 1223champaign, il 61824
vehicle donation
donating your car, truck, van, suv, boat, motorcycle, atv, rv, trailer or airplane has never been easier! visit the vehicle donation portion of our support page for more info.
you can give cars (charitable adult rides & services) a call at 1-855-500-ride or go through their online donation process and designate weft as the non-profit 
beneficiary.
please support your community radio station!
click on the blue donate now button above.
1981 - 2024 celebrating over 40 years of community radio


weft's rotational underwriters


 bash pepper roofing
 champaign park district
 cinema gallery
 common ground food co-op
 elliott counseling group
 experience c-u
habitat  for humanity
krannert center
live action games
martinelli's market
minuteman press
sun power by legacy solar
that's the cut barbershop
the canopy club
urbana acupuncture


visit our community partners page for the complete list. thanks to all of them for their support over the years. please support weft and our community partners.
we recently revised our community partners underwriting package you can download both the inside and outside of the brochure.
welcome to our newest underwriters; bash pepper roofing, habitat for humanity, sunpower by legacy solar, that's the cut barbershop and the canopy club
contact our community partners coordinator, at communitypartners@weft.org, or call weft at 217-359-9338 to get your business or non-profit started today.

hometown media award 2024!!


weft 90.1 fm community radio has been awarded a 2024 hometown media award in the community radio category!
the hometown media awards are presented by the alliance for community media foundation (established in 1979). the awards program was developed to honor and promote community media, community radio, and local cable programs.
weft's on-air programming was selected "best of" for 2024 in community radio!
congratulations to all the incredible wefties!

public affairs archives!
most of your favorite public affairs shows have been archived on a weekly basis by weft's own volunteers. we have archives of some shows going back to 2015.
go to our public affairs page to listen to shows such as disability beat, higher ground, news from neptune and  radio free labor. weft also has archives of shows not currently being broadcast such as the prairie monk.

media - pics, videos, newsletters etc.
to see more, visit weft's media page
to view some videos, visit weft's youtube page


weft history and info


you can read a short version of  weft's history here
interestingly back in 1937 the upstairs of weft's building 113 1/2 and dave monk's building 115 1/2 were a gambling establishment, the turf club aka klemick's. thanks to the urbana free library archives, here's a story about champaign's gambling hotspots, the turf club was part of north market street's gamblers row
joe lex, was one of weft's founders (and partly repsonsible for some of those vinyl records we have stored up in our attic). he recently dug up this little bit of weft history. here's an early vision of what our programming would be, joe lex - weft's 1981 programming vision

weft video from the 90's
clips of many wefties who helped make weft what it is today. how many do you recognize?
weft welcomed new station manager, eric bohlen on june 1, 2023
from smile politely in june 2023. derrick philips' article about weft's new station manager, eric bohlen new weft station manager has local ties and an inclusive vision
new station manager, eric bohlen, was interviewed by mark & vicki niswander on their weft weekender show on june 9, 2023. you can listen to the audio from their interview.
weft on wikipedia








listen live!


	listen to weft's live broadcast in your browser, choose tunein to take weft anywhere on your smartphone or use your preferred streaming player on your computer.



listen on demand!
two week music archives are back!




thanks to our partners at spinitron
many of our music shows will once again be archived
go to our spinitron calendar page and click on any of the green colored shows. you'll be able to start an in-browser player.
copyright restrictions require us to start all playbacks at the beginning of each show, and you can't jump forward or back. if you want to listen to part of the 2nd hour of the show, you have to wait till the player gets there.
look for the in-browser player - click on the triangle to start playback.


because of copyright restrictions music shows can only remain online for two weeks. they also can't be downloaded or podcast.

antenna video
in the spring of 2020 weft completed a project our volunteers had worked on for a couple years. order a new antenna and get it installed on a new, taller tower. this video documents some of the project





thanks to mark niswander for the video
you can view this and other weft related videos on our  youtube page







weft calendars

weft events
weft on-air schedule
cu progressive calendar
public service announcements


weft committee meetings
weft's board has voted to allow bands of up to 5 people in the great hall for weft sessions. weft has as many as 4 volunteers in the great hall to assist with the broadcast. therefore we still ask that no guests attend.
all weft meetings are open to the public. links to current zoom meetings are available on the weft events calendar page.

digital library committee1st monday, 6:30pm
community outreach committee2nd monday, 6:00pm
music committee3rd monday, 6:30pm
programming committee2nd & 4th tuesdays, 7:00pm
financial development committee2nd wednesday, 7:00pm
finance committeetypically once a month june thru september to prepare the next fiscal year's budget 

associates meetings
associates meetings schedule

associates meetings are held quarterly in march, june, september and december. they alternate between wednesday & thursday typically starting at 7:00 pm.
the next meeting is scheduled for 7:00 pm wednesday june 5, 2024. associate meetings are still being held via zoom due to covid concerns.
all weft meetings are open to the public. links to current zoom meetings are available on the weft events calendar page.


weft board meetings

regular board meeting schedule
4th monday, 7:00pm

since march of 2020, due to concerns about covid, board meetings and executive committee meetings have been zoom virtual meetings. beginning in 2021 board meetings now start at 7:00pm, still virtual zoom meetings. all weft meetings are open to the public. contact boardchair at weft.org for more details and a zoom link


weft community partners

thanks to all our community partners who help support weft. check the list on
our community partners page and let them know you appreciate their support of community radio.

public service announcements

does your organization have a public service announcement that you'd like to get on the air?


write up the details. be sure to include all the important information including who, what, when and where. public service announcements must not be a call to action, we cannot mention ticket prices and they should not be written in first person. phonetic pronunciation for any unusual words or names would be helpful too.

the announcement should fit on a 5 x 7 card and take 30-45 seconds to read.
you can drop off the announcement at the station, mail it to weft, 113 n. market st. champaign or send it via email to psa@weft.org. 


public affairs archives
check out our public affairs page for show descriptions and links to the archived shows.





weft is partially supported by a grant from the illinois arts council agency.
weft 90.1 fm  路 113 n market st, champaign, il 61820  路 p.o. box 1223, champaign, il 61824  路 217-359-9338  路 stationmanager@weft.org

 weft on twitter/x
 weft on facebook
 weft on instagram










