

















home | us atlas










      skip to main content
    

































menu













main navigation






about


get involved

get involved sub-navigation




 us atlas job postings





latest

latest sub-navigation




 events





activities

activities sub-navigation




 program management



 upgrades





collaboration

collaboration sub-navigation




 administration


administration sub-navigation




 cola guidance



 us atlas reporting center



 us atlas oppa database



 guest appointments/account requests



 contract administration



 us atlas mailing lists



 ib request for information/surveys



 nominations for u.s fcc coordinators







resources

resources sub-navigation




 joining the atlas collaboration -- institutions



 getting started - members



 useful links



















user account menu






log in





















































































the us collaboration for the atlas experiment at the large hadron collider.





































announcements






















































jul 29 2024






 2024 recipients of the us atlas outstanding achievement awards announced!















































sep 18 2023






maria mazza - 2023 outstanding graduate student















































sep 18 2023






prachi atmasiddha - 2023 outstanding graduate student















































sep 18 2023






john rutherfoord - 2023 lifetime achievement award















































mar 16 2023






2022 us atlas lifetime achievement award












view all
















in the news











































  oct 8 2024 | symmetry





us physicists prioritize closer study of the higgs





physicists in the united states support the development of an off-shor

































  dec 19 2023 | bnl





first us-built focusing magnet for lhc upgrade arrives at cern






































  dec 8 2023 | symmetry





p5 report





scientists design program for the future of us particle physics research








view all

























description
safety at cern
safety is a priority of cern’s general policy. please ensure that you comply with cern safety policy and regulations when working at cern or while being on its site.
“each person participating in the activities of the organization or present on its site shall actively contribute to implementation of the cern safety policy through exemplary conduct and, in particular, compliance with the cern safety rules, the cern safety objectives and best practices, actively seeking information to minimize risks, avoiding dangerous situations for herself/himself and others and exercising the responsibilities assigned to her/him safely.”
 


u.s. department of energy (doe)  safety information and contacts


cern  atlas safety web site


cern users’ office  emergency information






files





files

























atlas week




































filter by




- any -upcomingpast



















































      mar 12 - mar 14 2025 | university of helsinki





2nd nordic cosmology meeting































content












































detector





the atlas detector is one of the four detectors at the large hadron collidor (lhc) at cern. it has a cylindrical shape with layers stacked onto each other. each of the layers detects different types of particles. when particles from the accelerator collisions are produced in the center of atlas, they move throughout the detector and are measured by its successive layers. the atlas detector is one of the four detectors at the large hadron collidor (lhc) at cern. it has a cylindrical shape with layers stacked onto each other. each of the layers detects different types of particles.





read more




































science





atlas has already completed one of its main goals, the discovery of a particle called the higgs boson, which gives mass to the elementary particle building blocks of matter. findings may also offer insight into new physics theories as well as a better understanding of the origin of the universe.





read more




































collaboration





us scientists and engineers represent about 20 percent of the atlas collaboration. brookhaven national laboratory is the host for the 45 us institutions contributing to the project, who are funded by the us department of energy and the national science foundation.





read more





















contact us













you must have javascript enabled to use this form.


















your name

















your email address























message












































































footer










facebook


instagram


twitter


email


youtube




about


get involved


latest


events




collaboration


activities


resources


help























u.s. atlas is funded by the u.s. department of energy: office of science, and the national science foundation.
brookhaven national laboratory is the host laboratory in the u.s., one of fourteen national laboratories overseen and primarily funded by the office of science of the u.s. department of energy.
privacy security | contact us




















