


contra costa confidential





















    
	contra costa confidential
	
  
contra costa confidential is the blog that tells all. all that nobody wants told that is. and, as we all know, in this county, there is a lot that nobody wants told. so read it and let your friends know that they should log on too. for in contra costa, confidential is what everyone is reading.









tuesday, october 31, 2006



	 
	 there's something fishy in pittsburg
	 
    


i couldn't get pittsburg city manager marc grisham's comment out of my head last night. when asked if he had ever taken any money from lyon homes his first comment was, "if you print that i will sue you for liable."why the paranoia? all i did was ask a question and suddenly his voice raised, his back went up, and the cool, calm, somewhat collected city manager, who once worked for an engineering firm in southern california-william lyon homes is based in southern california- went borderline ballistic. i don't know what's going on. i just asked a question. i also wanted to know why the engineering report-the one possibly pointing blame and responsibility for the hillside collapse that devasted families-was being squashed, squished and sat on until after the election. good ol' marc said i could put in a request and get the report- in ten days or so if he got the o.k. to release it. and while we’re on the subject of good ol’, lets focus for a minute on one of the grandest good ol’ boys around, the general. the grand poo-bah of builders. none other than general william lyon. head of william lyon homes.for the record, i am not saying there is any funny stuff going on between some members of the pittsburg city council and william lyon homes. hell, what does an air force general know about politics? those guys aren’t political. everyone knows you become a general because you win battles and wars and direct the country into conflicts that are for the good of the people. conflicts are great for the people.and, isn’t that what building homes is all about. doing it for the good of the people? and, if you have to fight a battle along the way, because of a mistake here or a mistake there, so what? it's all for the good of the people.you have to admit, however,  there are more fish stories coming out of pittsburgh than there were when the fishing fleet was there. those were fish stories. what are these?



posted by harrison melbourne at 8:34 am






monday, october 30, 2006



	 
	 uncover pittsburg landslide report now
	 
    


don't think you have to look to washington, d.c. to find people sitting on reports until after elections. turn your eyes to pittsburg, california. that's where city manager marc grisham is sitting on the draft report for the san marco landslide, (referred to at the water coolers in city hall as "i feel the earth move under my feet" report), under presumable strict orders from mayor michael kee and council member nancy parent to not divulge any of the data within the report until after november 7 for fear their re-election campaigns could crumble as rapidly as the hilltop slid down the pittsburg canyon's side.when general william lyon's company, lyon homes moved the dirt below the san marco development possibly causing the landslide who thought it would be used to cover up the report that the people of pittsburg paid for?parent and kee are the duo that have the most to lose if the report is made public. is the report that bad for william lyon homes? does it find the general's troops that negligent? is someone going to walk away with more than a wrist slap for playing with their bulldozer's too close to the cracking point of the slope?all of these questions need to be answered but are being sat on by grisham as though he were the only hen in the henhouse protecting all the eggs. and, he might find he is the only one protecting the city.  if william lyon homes gets any more than a hand slap for the haphazard job they performed as earth movers, kee and parent could have a lot of questions to answer. after all,in the last election there was more than a few who wondered if the duo had accepted more money than they actually should have from developers. according to kee he couldn't recall if william lyon had contributed to his current campaign or his last one. however, he did remember that the previous owner of the parcel that was purchased by the developer had contributed to the betterment of his career as a politician. kee is also an architect.did the special action committees over contribute to kee and parent? is that why the report that points a finger at the one responsible for the devastation on the hill being kept under wraps? is william lyon in bed with pittsburg mayor michael kee and city council person nancy parent? these are all questions that need to be answered by next week.according to city manager marc grisham, when asked if he had ever taken money from william lyon homes, he claimed "i have never taken money from any developer while in the public sector." grisham was employed at engineering firms in southern california and did work, according to him, with developers. william lyon homes is based in newport, california but has substantial projects around the country. the big question in pittsburg is why the city council will not release the draft report on the condition of the houses that have been affected by the man-mad-landslide created beneath the san marco development that once sat high on a hill overlooking as far away as the sierra foothills on a clear day?kee claims the report is not finalized. grisham claims that it is in its final stages but cannot be released until the threat of litigation is over. kee, an architect, also claimed that the houses had sustained no damage. however, by all news reports the houses have experienced cracking, moving, and were, up until last week tagged as "uninhabitable."today, looking out towards the east may be riskier than one thought when moving into the million dollar homes with billion dollar views. at least "what, again?," was not the response we got from general william lyon's office, at william lyon homes, when we called to ask a few questions in regards to the earth moving debacle in pittsburg, california. the man-made mudslide,(as though california needs any help in that department), that caused destruction, devastation and evacuation to a home filled hilltop that the general's field troops decided to toy with while working their bulldozers one day, is still not completely resolved and as the rain blows in from the west this week, nobody at william lyon homes will give more than their name, rank and serial number. the most talkative employee in the group was estelle, (who refused to pony up her last name), administrative assistant to corporate president ed cable. she hadn't heard of the slide and simply said that it was " beside the point, and irrelevant" when asked if mr. cable had mentioned it to her at all.william lyon homes is headed up by general william lyon and by all accounts his reputation is stellar. however, nobody can totally control the people who work for them. and, in this case the philanthropic grand poo-bah of california construction is being what many engineers claim to be hoodwinked by his engineers who are worried their jobs are on the line and may crumble like the foundations below the houses on the hill. lyon and his spokespeople have zipped it tighter than the original dirt that comprises the san marco mountaintop. nancy parent could not be reached for comment.



posted by harrison melbourne at 1:52 pm






monday, june 05, 2006



	 
	 send desaulnier home, canciamilla to sacramento
	 
    


the time is upon us to send contra costa supervisor, mark desaulnier home.  and to send laura canciamilla to sacramento.tomorrow, one of the most important elections for the residents of contra costa county will be held when voters are asked to chose the democratic candidate for state assembly. the race, between desaulnier and canciamilla is neck and neck and many pollster feel it is too close to call. this is a great sign for canciamilla. with three other men in the race, the pittsburg school board trustee should come out on top. let’s take a step down memory lane with desaulnier. appropriately, sir mark as those who work for him reference the boss,  began his political career in concord, california, that city that sports the same moniker as the historic town which boasts the famous ride of paul revere, concord, massachusetts. it seems that the latter and more famous concord was just a short 21 miles from lowell and that the young markster always had his eyes set on being mayor of concord. some concord. any concord. for those unfamiliar with his steps to the contra costa county supe's seat, sir mark served as mayor of concord in the mid 1990’s. as a restaurant and bar owner in that community, mark is pretty well known and a popular guy. it is only natural then, that desaulnier didn’t look towards the kennedy’s when he began his career. he stepped out of the political closet as a republican, then changed his mind and became a democrat. as we scrutinize the record that lies atop desaulnier's list of achievement, ( we didn't mean to say lie here. markster hates that word), we will see that desaulnier flutters like the wind. one moment he is good friends with tom koch, the building baron pr guy who contributed so much to desaulnier's various campaigns he decided to break off the relationship and begin endorsing someone with a higher degree of intellect. then there was the tony colon incident where desaulnier turned his head on the fact that colon, then executive director of social services for the county, had knowledge of his employees stuffing small children into dumpsters and closets as punishment at the county's head start facilities in antioch and richmond. then there was the french fry fiasco where desaulnier wanted to ban fast food restaurants from expanding in the county because of the food they served. then it was reported that his restaurant, tr's,  served the same french fries as other fooderies. let's not forget the airport in concord that desaulnier disliked so much that he wanted to close it and build more houses, apartments and retail to add more traffic to the already bottlenecked roads in and out of the county.yes, desaulnier is a man for some people. especially if you have your name on his campaign war chest as a contributor. it sems that his trek to sacramento began long ago and that he cares not who he steps on to get their. if the voters of contra costa county want true and professional representation in sacramento, they will send desaulnier home and laura canciamilla to sacrament. and, they will do it on tuesday with a mandate that desaulnier's style of pay to play politics is one step closer to getting buried in the county.



posted by harrison melbourne at 10:53 am









	 
	 send desaulnier home
	 
    


the time is upon us to send contra costa supervisor, mark desaulnier home.  and to send laura canciamilla to sacramento.tomorrow, one of the most important elections for the residents of contra costa county will be held when voters are asked to chose the democratic candidate for state assembly. the race, between desaulnier and canciamilla is neck and neck and many pollster feel it is too close to call. this is a great sign for canciamilla. with three other men in the race, the pittsburg school board trustee should come out on top. let's take a step down memory lane with desaulnier. appropriately, sir mark as those who work for him reference the boss,  began his political career in concord, california, that city that sports the same moniker as the historic town which boasts the famous ride of paul revere, concord, massachusetts. it seems that the latter and more famous concord was just a short 21 miles from lowell and that the young markster always had his eyes set on being mayor of concord. some concord. any concord. for those unfamiliar with his steps to the contra costa county supe's seat, sir mark served as mayor of concord in the mid 1990’s. as a restaurant and bar owner in that community, mark is pretty well known and a popular guy. it is only natural then, that desaulnier didn’t look towards the kennedy’s when he began his career. he stepped out of the political closet as a republican, then changed his mind and became a democrat. as we scrutinize the record that lies atop desaulnier's list of achievement, ( we didn't mean to say lie here. markster hates that word), we will see that desaulnier flutters like the wind. one moment he is good friends with tom kock, the building baron pr guy who contributed so much to desaulnier's various campaigns he decided to break off the relationship and begin endorsing someone with a higher degree of intellect. then there was the tony colon incident where desaulnier turned his head on the fact that colon, then executive director of social services for the county, had knowledge of his employees stuffing small children into dumpsters and closets as punishment at the county's head start facilities in antioch and richmond. then there was the french fry fiasco where desaulnier wanted to ban fast food restaurants from expanding in the county because of the food they served. then it was reported that his restaurant, tr's,  served the same french fries as other fooderies. let's not forget the airport in concord that desaulnier disliked so much that he wanted to close it and build more houses, apartments and retail to add more traffic to the already bottlenecked roads in and out of the county.yes, desaulnier is a man for some people. especially if you have your name on his campaign warchest as a contributor. it sems that his trek to sacramento began long ago and that he cares not who he steps on to get their. if the voters of contra costa county want true and professional representation in sacramento, they will send desaulnier home and laura canciamilla to sacrament. and, they will do it on tuesday with a mandate that desaulnier's style of pay to play politicas is one step closer to getting buried in the county.



posted by harrison melbourne at 10:15 am









	 
	 send mark desaulnier home, canciamilla to sacramento
	 
    


the time is upon us to think about who would best represent us in sacramento. contra costa county supervisor mark desaulnier, or pittsburgh school board trustee laura canciamilla? the choice resembes the highly popular tv show, deal or no deal? and, that is the question that the voters must ask themselves when they walk into that voting booth. unfortunately, if the voters take the deal- they lose- and desaulnier wins the case with the mega bucks. for those who don't pay much attention to the restaurant owner turned politician- he is a deal maker. and, if you make the right deal with mark, and contribute enough to his quest for glory, he votes your way. and, his record speaks for this. let's take a look. i had a discussion with a friend of mine in walnut creek last week and he told me that i should see brokeback mountain. i told him i hadn't heard of the movie but that i would  see it. admittedly, i was taken aback by the plot. i was sure, before i went into the theater, that the title had to do with the current financial situation in the county which sits in the shadow of mt. diablo. if that ain't a broke back mountain what is? to my surprise, the movie, as everyone now knows, has to do with a love affair between two married cowboys. actually, sheepherders. but the deeper plot analyzes the feelings they held for each other and how they would do anything for one another, ignoring the ramifications of those who love and support them. well, you don't have to go to brokeback mountain to see two guys who are friends watching out for each other's backs. take state senator tom torlakson and contra costa county supervisor mark desaulnier. the fix is in for these two as they are using term limits, assembly and senate seats as their personal hop-scotch board diagram too rise up the political ladder. it's almost as though the public has little to say about who gets elected. according to reliable sources, desaulnier almost jumped in front of truck last week after he read lisa vorderbrueggen's column in the contra costa times exposing the game plan of these two friends.it seems that desaulnier's buddy, da senator, is looking to keep his hat in the political ring after he terms out of his senate seat in 2008. rumor has it that torlakson will do a bait and switch with desaulnier. if desaulnier, who is currently running for the assembly, gets elected to the two-year post, he will not run for another assembly term in 2008, opening the way for da senator to run. desaulnier, will then run for torlakson's senate seat  where his childhood dreams have always focused anyway. torlakson will then double hop-scotch over to the state superintendent of public instruction in 2010. this plan is not without obstacle. it may be more like a hop-scotch game combined with high-hurdles. one of the most perplexing parts of the scheme is the behind-the-scene sources close to both pols are questioning. it seems that a rift is in the making, similar to the one that cost desaulnier his friendship with tom koch. if desaulnier captures his senate seat in 2008,  he has his eye on the gov's office and has supposedly already told torlakson that he could only run for liuetenant governor. da' senator don't like that.  he too has his eye on the gov's desk and it wasn't a view from the public's side. so although the deal looks good on paper, once emotions run high, as steps towards the ultimate prize quicken, the deal could go sour. (that happens frequently with mr. pickles.)that is often the case when you make an under-the-table deal involving climbing  ladders, or mountains together, when there is only room for one at the top. and, as we all know, everyone likes to be on top. especially in politics. that is becoming more apparent as da senator begins raising funds for his assembly campaign in 2008. nothing like starting the race a bit before the gate opens. desaulnier's people claim he has been pouting since his buddy might be cutting into his contribution base by beginning his fundraising so early. but, that's politics today. it really doesn't matter what the people want, as long as the pols can use them to get ahead. or to the top of the ladder, or the mountain. another crucial point that voters should consider is that both desaulnier, and da senator have done little, if anything for contra costa county. torlakson has sold out in sacramento on more than one occassion, especially when it comes to sucking gas with the refineries in mind. the supe, who has been driving the bus at the supervisor's meetings for the past five years, and setting direction for his constituents, has proven to be such a fiduciary disaster, that both the county administrator john sweeten and the assistant county administrator scott tandy have jumped off the bus before it crashes. on top of all this, torlakson, fully aware of his incompetance when it comes to delivering for the voters, had to make a deal years in advance for desaulnier to clear the way so that da senator can stay in the political limelight. is he that concerned that his reputation and persona would fade from the public's eye on such a short time? what a plot.what tangled webs we weave. especially when we are up on broken back mountain. the only difference, the two guys in the movie did it to each other. torlakson and desaulnier prefer doing it to us, the voting public. now there's a movie. unfortunately we're all paying a big price for admission.



posted by harrison melbourne at 9:10 am






monday, march 13, 2006



	 
	 desaulnier surprised again
	 
    


if you want to know how it feels to be smacked from behind the head when it is least expected, ask district 11 assembly candidate, mark desaulnier. he found out on friday afternoon after the deadline for filing for that race's primary had passed. it seems that unexpectedly, at least to desaulnier, two other candidates besides front runner laura canciamilla, filed to run for the seat that the contra costa county supervisor has been grooming himself  out of the black diamond hills gerold gorman and emmanuel ogunleye filed as democratic opponents to the self professed, french fry flinging, advocate for healthy food, desaulnier. running for public office since he was a little boy in lowell, massachusetts, desaulnier always thought he had a free ride to sacramento. and, then, laura canciamilla threw her hat into the ring. so desaulnier, realizing he had somewhat of a fight on his hands, shirked his supe's duties and took to the fundraising trail posing for the cameras. taking up the plight of the pudgy, he quickly attempted to put health foods in vending machines while the county's coffers, once fat, were slimmed down through misappropriations and uncontrollable spending, sanctioned by the supervisor.  he shook down his friends and supporters for contributions and built up a substantial war chest to prepare to ward off canciamilla, an educator who pays attention to the needs of her constituents. desaulnier, who has run a vast, albeit shaky public relations campaign, over the past year, trying to sugar coat the lost direction the bus that he was driving has taken over the past four years, has hit many a bump in the road traveled. first the attempted closing of buchanan field didn't fly to well. that was the key to his political break up with  his long-time buddy, fundraising cohort, and string puller, tom koch, who was desaulnier's ticket to deep pocket shappell homes. koch high tailed it to delaware, potentially carpet bagging his way to public office, leaving desaulnier without the advice and direction he sought for so long. ironically, you can almost chart koch's leaving the county and taking the whispers into desaulnier's ear with him. one wonders if koch were still in town if former county administrator john sweeten and his assistant, scott tandy would have stayed around. but those are questions desaulnier will never answer. more importantly, though, is whether desaulnier can ward off the vote splitting that the two other male candidates will cause. it is a proven statistic that educated women vote for educated women. that makes cancimilla the front runner in this race. the hope among circles that dislike desaulnier more than a kid eating french fries at a mcdonald's parking lot is will desaulnier finish third in the race, finally putting his political career on hold and him back at the door of his  fast food restaurant. on another note there are rumors circulating that albert seeno has approached mcclatchey newspapers, the new owner of the contra costa times about a possible purchase of the award winning daily. seeno, who is known as a lover of history, is fully aware of  what a few papers did for another lover of land, architecture, and community development, william randolph hearst.seeno or mcclatchey representatives could not be reached for comment. things are heating up even though there is still snow on top of diablo.



posted by harrison melbourne at 9:15 am






wednesday, february 08, 2006



	 
	 up on broken back mountain
	 
    


i had a discussion with a friend of mine in walnut creek last week and he told me that i should see brokeback mountain. i told him i hadn't heard of the movie but that i would  see it. admittedly, i was taken aback by the plot. i was sure, before i went into the theater, that the title had to do with the current financial situation in the county which sits in the shadow of mt. diablo. if that ain't a broke back mountain what is? to my surprise, the movie, as everyone now knows, has to do with a love affair between two married cowboys. actually, sheepherders. but the deeper plot analyzes the feelings they held for each other and how they would do anything for one another, ignoring the ramifications of those who love and support them. well, you don't have to go to brokeback mountain to see two guys who are friends watching out for each other's backs. take state senator tom torlakson and contra costa county supervisor mark desaulnier. the fix is in for these two as they are using term limits, assembly and senate seats as their personal hop-scotch board diagram too rise up the political ladder. it's almost as though the public has little to say about who gets elected. according to reliable sources, desaulnier almost jumped in front of truck last week after he read lisa vorderbrueggen's column in the contra costa times exposing the game plan of these two friends.it seems that desaulnier's buddy, da senator, is looking to keep his hat in the political ring after he terms out of his senate seat in 2008. rumor has it that torlakson will do a bait and switch with desaulnier. if desaulnier, who is currently running for the assembly, gets elected to the two-year post, he will not run for another assembly term in 2008, opening the way for da senator to run. desaulnier, will then run for torlakson's senate seat  where his childhood dreams have always focused anyway. torlakson will then double hop-scotch over to the state superintendent of public instruction in 2010. this plan is not without obstacle. it may be more like a hop-scotch game combined with high-hurdles. one of the most perplexing parts of the scheme is the behind-the-scene sources close to both pols are questioning. it seems that a rift is in the making, similar to the one that cost desaulnier his friendship with tom koch. if desaulnier captures his senate seat in 2008,  he has his eye on the gov's office and has supposedly already told torlakson that he could only run for liuetenant governor. da' senator don't like that.  he too has his eye on the gov's desk and it wasn't a view from the public's side. so although the deal looks good on paper, once emotions run high, as steps towards the ultimate prize quicken, the deal could go sour. (that happens frequently with mr. pickles.)that is often the case when you make an under-the-table deal involving climbing  ladders, or mountains together, when there is only room for one at the top. and, as we all know, everyone likes to be on top. especially in politics. that is becoming more apparent as da senator begins raising funds for his assembly campaign in 2008. nothing like starting the race a bit before the gate opens. desaulnier's people claim he has been pouting since his buddy might be cutting into his contribution base by beginning his fundraising so early. but, that's politics today. it really doesn't matter what the people want, as long as the pols can use them to get ahead. or to the top of the ladder, or the mountain. another crucial point that voters should consider is that both desaulnier, and da senator have done little, if anything for contra costa county. torlakson has sold out in sacramento on more than one occassion, especially when it comes to sucking gas with the refineries in mind. the supe, who has been driving the bus at the supervisor's meetings for the past five years, and setting direction for his constituents, has proven to be such a fiduciary disaster, that both the county administrator john sweeten and the assistant county administrator scott tandy have jumped off the bus before it crashes. on top of all this, torlakson, fully aware of his incompetance when it comes to delivering for the voters, had to make a deal years in advance for desaulnier to clear the way so that da senator can stay in the political limelight. is he that concerned that his reputation and persona would fade from the public's eye on such a short time? what a plot.what tangled webs we weave. especially when we are up on broken back mountain. the only difference, the two guys in the movie did it to each other. torlakson and desaulnier prefer doing it to us, the voting public. now there's a movie. unfortunately we're all paying a big price for admission.



posted by harrison melbourne at 7:37 pm









	 
	 desaulnier's a sour puss
	 
    


it appears that behind closed doors the glad-handing contra costa county supervisor mark desaulnier, who recently wanted to ban fast food restaurants in the county, is a bit of sour-puss. yes,  desaulnier is a sour-puss. and that is quite a fall for a guy who used to think of himself  as pitcher of the quick-line, just like fellow boston barkeep,  sam malone. but, according to a fellow supervisor who asked not to be named, desaulnier may have lost his spin and is becoming rude and demanding to the women in the county administration building of late.it appears that in one of his most recent tirades, the supe, who claims to be a self appointed fast food activist, had a craving for pickles. he ordered a sandwich for lunch during a closed session meeting with department heads and other supes. however,  when lunch arrived,  desauknier’s sammy came without pickles. the candidate for state assembly blew a fuse. he then reprimanded the person who ordered the sandwich and made the messenger, who according to fellow supervisors almost got shot, head back to the restaurant and get some pickles. that certainly is a good way to spend tax payer's money, mark. once again, the supervisor who has been referred to as "the guy with the dual personality" strikes. many claim that he has been upset since this blog broke the story last week that his restaurant serves french fries just like the ones at in and out burger. surprising for a fast food activist.. where’s the tofu? according to the staff at tr’s he has been less than cordial to the waitresses at his eatery since they leaked the french fries story.  and although we don’t know the stress of his restaurant life, it can’t be easy running a restaurant with his fiduciary skills which are  apparent in the county that once was flush and now is broke under his supervisor tutelage.it is also rather ironic that in 1999 the national women's political caucus deemed desaulnier the most friendly towards women. maybe they should look again at the recipient of the award. according to the statute of limitations on awards they can still revoke it. maybe they should. we all know that pickles have a bite, but when you sour your fellow supes, it is only a matter of time before your constituents follow. recently a  memo went out to all county employees stating they were prohibited from reading this blog on county time. naturally, readership skyrocketed.  we  wanted to thank mr. desaulnier for that memo. from today on, he will now be referred to as mr. pickles within this format.  once again, he has out done himself. however, mr. pickles, who has had a few women problems in the past,  might want to watch what he says to the female workers in the county. although he may not be aware of the situation, there are two female supervisors who appear to be quite sympathetic to the women pickles treats as slaves. could sammy be losing his spin?  could pickles be spending too much time in the pork barrel ? is the pressure on? how does a bread and butter go from a gerkin to a dill?



posted by harrison melbourne at 7:32 am






friday, february 03, 2006



	 
	 fools and their money
	 
    


i was having a discussion the other day about the windfall that the city of martinez received with the 1.5 million dollar bonus the city received from the texaco suit. it was a windfall all right and while talking about possible expenditures for the money, i suggested that the city council use it to fight any redevelopment suit that they may face if they ever acquire the things female horses don't have and pass redevelopment. naturally, the point was made just to aggravate my guests. it worked. immediately other ideas surfaced faster than the appetizers that were ordered. "let's use the money to fix the marina." was the first and foremost comment. one guy wanted to fix up rankin park and then went into a long history on who owned it. one person thought the money should be used for the parks in martinez. someone suggested that the roof over the stage finally be constructed. another suggested that the skateboard park be expanded. bocce was brought up. new awnings. a few grills. stuff like that. then one person suggested that a sewer line be constructed so that bathrooms could be installed at the john muir amphitheater. now that may be a great idea since shell oil put up the majority of the money to construct the outdoor theater. it would only play right that texaco put in the bathrooms. but, the estimated costs of the project would be roughly 750 thousand dollars. that, everyone concluded was a stupid idea. who in their right mind would spent 750 thousand dollars on a bathroom for an outdoor theater?is the city of martinez that flush- no pun intended. we could go on for some time about the waste- no pun again- that that would symbolize. someone should ask  who is the jack abramoff on this project. and, i am surprised at susan mckue, the martinez economic development director. would she be foolish enough to back a project like this. we certainly hope not. whoever came up with the sewer line idea should toss it, for if it were to be constructed it would just be an idea full of crap.and that would piss people off.



posted by harrison melbourne at 9:32 am






monday, january 30, 2006



	 
	 first night, what?
	 
    


are you a bit weary about having spent all that money on your new home?  are there signs in your neighborhood that home prices are dropping? is your neighbor, the guy who once worked for coldwell-banker planting for sale signs in front lawns now home all day? is the real estate agent across the street walking the neighborhood with flyers for starter homes? these could all be signs that the bubble has burst and you over paid for that house in contra costa county. if you want the real skinny on whether the market is still fat, tune in tonight to channel 2, at 10:00,  and listen to county assessor and real estate agent mark ross talk about the market and if the ball has dropped, if the bubble has burst, or if the bottom has fallen out. speaking of the ball dropping- a traditional new year's eve event, someone dropped the ball on new year's eve first night in martinez. every finger  is pointing to city manager, june catalano for her postponement of first night on new year's eve because of rain and the rescheduling of it this past saturday evening, making it twenty-ninth night. the back room whispers here at the county building are brutal and catalano may have put another mark on her not so progressive career. behind the scenes she is taking a lot of the heat for not getting redevelopment moving a bit faster and for not having a sit down with the mayor about what the current council is doing. but the first night on the last weekend of january was a flop. this should be a message to every community in the country that has a first night celebration- don't postpone it.  that's why it is called first night.according to research, martinez is the first community to hold a first night on the 29th night. how foolish was that?martinez would have been smarter to have held a chinese new year celebration. well, maybe not.first night martinez barely works on first night, never mind some 28 nights later. what was the point of scheduling a new year's eve celebration in martinez at the end of january. the town is no fun during normal, celbratory events. what would entice people to come to town now. a meth party? a bocce court camp-out? a tour of the rv vehicles downtown? all have possibilities, but none have the draw or the power to attract a crowd. the city spent an unheard of amount of money for generators, fireworks and other costly items to hold the event. and, there were more people signed up for the  vioxx class action suit on the first day the suit was announced than there was at furst night, postponed. there is absolutely no rhyme or reason to the foolishness that continues in martinez. a blunder like the first night fiasco, with all of 14 people walking  around downtown should be highly suspect as to why it was held in the first place.  who is picking up the cost of this foolishness? and, on top of all this the restaurants were not even open. i bet the organizers had a few drinks after seeing the bottom line and what the non event-event cost. another coup for martinez. tune in tomorrow as we analyze those two high-powered political activists,  paul craig and rich virale, and take a closer look at who is behind their recent letter writing campaign.



posted by harrison melbourne at 11:14 am











about me

name:  harrison melbourne 

harrison melbourne is a freelance writer and author living in contra costa county.
view my complete profile

links

google news
kron4
bay area is talking

previous posts

there's something fishy in pittsburg
uncover pittsburg landslide report now
send desaulnier home, canciamilla to sacramento
send desaulnier home
send mark desaulnier home, canciamilla to sacramento
desaulnier surprised again
up on broken back mountain
desaulnier's a sour puss
fools and their money
first night, what?

archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
june 2006
october 2006









 



