















eagle e-types - the jaguar e-type experts















 jaguar e-types for sale by eagle




the eagle speedster




the eagle lightweight gt




the eagle spyder gt




the eagle low drag gt




the eagle lightweight gt




the eagle speedster




the eagle e-type




the eagle low drag gt





home
home
the eagle lightweight speedster - special edition jaguar e-type from eagle
the eagle spyder gt - special edition jaguar e-type from eagle
the eagle low drag gt - special edition jaguar e-type from eagle
the eagle lightweight gt - special edition jaguar e-type from eagle
the eagle lightweight speedster - special edition jaguar e-type from eagle
the eagle e-type - special edition jaguar e-type from eagle
home




the home of the eagle e-type
welcome to eagle e-types
we offer original and restored jaguar e-types for sale, all prepared to our exacting standards, alongside the world famous 'zero miles' eagle e-type restorations and special editions - the speedster, low drag gt, spyder gt and the new lightweight gt.





eagle e-type special editions
our globally famous developments of the jaguar e-type.



jaguar e-types for sale
the finest selection of jaguar e-types for sale in the world today.



the company
expert craftsmen and engineers have made their home here at eagle.



e-type news
an insight into what's happening at eagle e-types.



jaguar e-type special editions
by eagle e-types



eagle e-type
the 'zero mile' restoration of an original jaguar e-type, carried out completely in-house here at eagle.



eagle speedster
our acclaimed homage to the spirit of the jaguar e-type - again created from a period original.



eagle low drag gt
both a hugely capable sports car and long range continental tourer, inspired by the design genius of malcolm sayer.



eagle spyder gt
the poise and performance of the low drag gt combine with the exquisite styling of the speedster to offer the best of both worlds.



eagle lightweight gt
 developed in-house as the ultimate road-going evolution of one of the world's rarest and most beautiful racing cars.



it's a driving experience that lives up to the looks. and that's saying something.
henry catchpole drives the lightweight gt / octane magazine / june 2020





announcing the eagle lightweight gt
we're delighted to announce that our fourth 'special edition' jaguar e-type has launched. the eagle lightweight gt is the ultimate road-going evolution of one of the world’s rarest and most beautiful race cars, jaguar’s lightweight e-type. 



eagle lightweight gt reviews
the reviews are arriving for our new special edition e-type - including a brilliant short film from henry catchpole at carfection a wonderful andrew frankel review and high praise from forbes magazine.



i think this, by a long way, is the most beautiful car i have ever seen.  it might actually be the most beautiful thing i have ever seen.
jeremy clarkson / bbc top gear / june 2011






 




eagle e-types & jaguar e-type special editions at goodwood house





     







