





ice vault







































follow us on973-628-150010 nevins rd. wayne, nj 0747call 973-628-1500







toggle navigation




menu


10 nevins rd. wayne, nj 07470

home
about

about us
directions
ice rentals
sports pub
links
staff
hotels
black bear tv


hockey

tournaments
league schedules
adult league
youth leagues
learn to play
camps and clinics
stick & puck
high school
college


skating

freestyle
public skating
learn to skate
private lessons
 hockey skating


pro shop
contact 
contact us
advertisers
job opportunities










click here for today's schedule
        
        
        sunday, february 16, 2025






























previous



next



























previous



next




triple live scoreboard
today's live scored games
today's live scored scoreboards





tournaments


learn to skate


freestyle skating


public skating


camps & clinics


learn to play


youth leagues


high school hockey


adult hockey



youth hockey skills


stick & puck


pro shop

stream ice vault games livequick links:
watch ice vault games live and on demand!
      
usphl on flohockey
nj bandits and jersey hitmen youth on black bear tv

all high school games are available on black bear tv!


black bear tv - live schedule
gamerinktimelinkahf -2024-2025 playoff seasontri-city eagles 18u gold @saugerties mustangsrink 310:45 amwatch live 🚨ahf -2024-2025 playoff seasonphiladelphia blazers 18u a @vfc u18arink 211:00 amwatch live 🚨for additional games at the ice vault, please click here.helpful hint: if your game is not yet live, click the currently live game on the same rink. some games may run over their scheduled time.click, sit back and enjoy some extra hockey!


 
welcome to the ice vault skating arena
the ice vault skating arena located in wayne, nj, is a modern 3 full size nhl sheets of ice facility. originally built in 2003 as a 2 sheet facility, was expanded to a 3 sheet facility in 2016. it is the home to four club ice hockey programs: bandits, bandits girls, outlaws and the jersey hitmen. in addition to club hockey we have a fully developed men's league as well as fall and spring house league community based hockey. we are the home rink for the william paterson university pioneers d-1 club hockey program and the home of the ramapo college roadrunners. we also have 10 high schools who call the ice vault home, don bosco prep, immaculate heart academy, wayne hills/valley, lakeland, west milford/pequannock, indian hills, ramapo, ramsey, pcti and mahwah high schools. we also have an extensive learn to skate program, as well as public skating, figure skating and stick and puck.
we are the only youth skating arena in north jersey with a full liquor licensed bar & grill as well as a fully comprehensive rinkside café where you can watch your family and friends skate and watch games. in addition our pro shop is the largest pro shop of any skating arena in new jersey. we stock all your needs for hockey as well as  sharpening skates and fixing all hockey equipment.  if you have any equipment needs we have experienced and trained personnel to help both new players and experienced players. in addition we have a full line of under armour apparel as well as licensed nhl products from adidas, fanatics and 47 brand. we have the largest collection of hockey hats found anywhere in the new york/new jersey metropolitan area.






            	© 2025 ice vault | all rights reserved
    		



