nashville restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in nashville by diningguide
homeaboutcontactnashville restaurantsmobile versionweb directory add your restaurant (free) add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > nashville home pagenashville restaurantsrestaurant posts“big shake's hot chicken and fish”“what is "hot chicken" you ask? hot chicken is traditional fried chicken that packs some s…”posted by: big shake's hot chicken and fish“we define success by the strength of sustained relationships”“respect complexities in life and attain simplicity. our fb existence is measured in the p…”posted by: farm burger - nashville“nashville's german restaurant & bierhaus”“german food & beer in an oktoberfest-inspired space with big shared tables & frequent liv…”posted by: bavarian bierhausrestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“underwhelmed”non-member, reader - “d#cor can use refreshing. musty smell as you enter the rest…”said about: jimmy kelly's“italian? yes!”jimmy, nashville - “excellent!! i will always bring guests to this place any da…”said about: sole mio“best fast food place in hendersonville area”non-member, reader - “i am a taco bell addict, but this is the best one in town. …”said about: taco bellwe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's nashville diningguide, 
a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan nashville, tennessee.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find nashville restaurants by location or cuisine.

known for zesty barbeque, nashville also specializes in new southern and southern fusion, a blend of down-home cooking and uptown dining. eclectic menus from newer ethnic eateries go with the equally eclectic music scene, stretching way beyond country and soul. yet crispy fried chicken, turnip greens and cornbread, or red-eye gravy and homemade biscuits, remain as easy to find as warm banana pudding for dessert. casual dress fits in with most nashville enclaves, where the pace is rarely, if ever, hurried whether dining for business or pleasure. with an inventory of some 15,000 bottles, the wild boar on broadway weighs in with one of the nation's top-rung restaurant wine lists. assorted upscale dining establishments accompany exclusive shops in nearby belle meade, southwest of downtown. some of nashville's more happening restaurants are on 12th avenue south, a previously down-at-the-heel stretch undergoing a jawdropping renaissance. 

diningguide nashville is part of metroguide nashville, offering guides to shopping, hotels and more for the entire region. 

nashville dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan nashville 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown nashville
centered where broadway and the cumberland river meet, restaurants in downtown nashville are near the convention center and "the district" entertainment zone 

·greater nashville
dining options located outside of downtown in the greater nashville area 

·nashville south
restaurants in communities to the south of nashville and i-40, in brentwood, antioch, franklin and other areas 

·nashville west end
dining options at the west end of broadway, home to vanderbilt university and the sounds of music row 

·nashville airport
dining options in the nashville international airport (bna) area are located just to the southeast of the opryland area 

·opryland
restaurants near opryland u.s.a and the grand ole opry house, including dining options in and around the community of hermitage 

nashville dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
low-carb itemsamericanbarbequecontinentalfine dininghealthy - naturalinternationalitalianmexicanmiddle easternpizzeriaseafoodsouthernsteak
to return to the diningguide nashville home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at nashville restaurantseddie 9v jazz / blues concert performance… music - jazz 3rd & lindsley bar & grillsun 2/2/25 benjamin booker pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal 3rd & lindsley bar & grillwed 3/5/25 high fade rap / hip hop music performance… music - hip hop & rap 3rd & lindsley bar & grillsun 2/16/25 jamie miller pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal 3rd & lindsley bar & grillwed 2/5/25 « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide bowling greendiningguide memphisother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide ashevillediningguide athens, georgiadiningguide lexingtondiningguide louisvillediningguide tupelometroguide.network > diningguide > nashville home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide nashville are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideretailguidediningguidehotelguidedirectorymore locations...full map



nashville restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritesthe traceoutback steakhousebuca di beppocaesar's ristorante italianomaggiano's little italycaptain d'sj. alexander'ssole miohard rock cafechili'sgreen hills grillecici's pizzamcdonald'sarby'sarby's


