


























infinite menus place holder (dreamweaver design view)









single family

sweet water, daniel island

intervals

sweet grass, edisto beach
all seasons, folly beach
palm seasons, isle of palms




beach music, edisto beach
no. 1 palm court
good times, folly beach
time out, pawleys island
wind marsh, folly beach
wind river, sullivan's island
sweet breeze, pawleys island
best of times, pawleys island
four seasons
balsam, sugarloaf mountain



charleston
edisto
folly beach
sullivans island
isle of palms
daniel island
pawleys island
litchfield



a new way to own
about fractional ownership
interval calendars

for all 13 intervals
for one interval

about turnkey luxury homes
owners' association
operating budget
property management



ourbeachhome
calhoun mays
leonard park


 





























ourbeachhome makes the process of owning a brand new, luxury beach home simple and stress-free.  building on the beautiful coastal islands near charleston, south carolina, such as edisto, isle of palms, sullivan's island, folly beach, pawleys island, and litchfield, we take care of all the details for you.  
                        just turn the key and enjoy old-fashioned quality and  craftsmanship in your very own beach home through our betterway™ to own fractional  ownership program (not a timeshare!). 







 featured beach home properties in south carolina 














all seasons 





folly beach 




















palm seasons  





isle of palms 




















click here to 





see our beaches  






































we build luxury waterfront beach homes on real estate throughout coastal south carolina.  our affordable, turnkey interval ownership model enables almost anyone to own waterfront real estate and enjoy many years of family fun in a luxury beach home.

the stunning beach homes we offer for sale are fully furnished with designer touches that will satisfy even the most discriminating  tastes. each of our beach homes is situated on superior oceanfront (or  close!) south carolina real estate providing access for your family to some of the most pristine beaches and recreational areas in the world. upon that we build exceptionally handcrafted lowcountry style homes where you can spend many years building special memories with your loved ones.
ourbeachome offers a unique opportunity for you and your family to own an oceanfront home in south carolina.  with our affordable interval ownership beach home ownership program, virtually anyone can own a beach home on a valuable piece of south carolina beach real estate.  many of the beach homes we offer for sale are interval ownership opportunities. 
owning a beach house has never been easier!  contact us today to view properties currently  for sale and learn how you can own a coastal south carolina beach home of your own! 




















©2006-2008  all rights reserved. 

website design by zafari, inc. 

legal disclaimer

sitemap

email us 
 

owner login 









