













homepage | children's safety network












































      skip to main content
    











user account menu

about
contact us
cslc login






















      technical assistance    


      child safety topics    







      bike safety    


      bullying prevention    


      child care safety    


      child maltreatment prevention    


      child passenger safety    


      choking & strangulation prevention    







      drowning prevention    


      falls prevention    


      firearm safety    


      fire & burn safety    


      health disparities    


      heatstroke in cars prevention    


      home safety    







      off-road vehicles safety    


      pedestrian safety    


      playground safety    


      poisoning prevention    


      prescription drug misuse prevention    


      rural & farm safety    







      safe sleep    


      sports safety    


      self-harm and suicide prevention    


      teen dating violence prevention    


      teen driving safety    


      traumatic brain injuries prevention    


      young worker safety    








      resources    







      csn publications    


      publications by topic    


      journal articles and interviews    


      infographics    


      resource guides    


      fact sheets, reports and issue briefs    


      webinars    


      blog    








      events    


      newsletter    


      cslc    


      csn-a    












search


search

















 








new date — state technical assistance webinar 9 – march 4, 2025




join us on march 4 as the children's safety network (csn) hosts the 9th state technical assistance webinar on data driven storytelling in child safety from 3:30 – 4:30 pm et.




read more







 


















postponed — maternal, infant and early childhood home visiting & child safety: opportunities for collaboration




february 6, 2025, 2:00-3:00pm est: this webinar, co-hosted by the miechv technical assistance resource center (tarc) and children’s safety network (csn), will explore opportunities for miechv awardees and state and jurisdiction departments of health to collaborate on child safety.




read more







 


















archived webinar — state technical assistance webinar 8 – november 21, 2024: improving prevention messaging with your workforce




during the november staw, we focused on how to improve prevention messaging with your workforce.




read more







 


















new resource — adverse childhood experiences factsheet




this fact sheet provides title v agencies with information on adverse childhood experiences (aces). aces are a national outcome measure established for the title v maternal and child health (mch) services block grant program.




read more







 


















archived webinar — preventing injuries in children with autism




children's safety network (csn) hosted the preventing injuries in children with autism webinar on july 23.




read more







 


















new resource — child safety national public health partners resource guide




this resource guide, produced in collaboration with the children's safety now alliance, provides title v agencies with information on nationally focused public health organizations that work to advance child safety.




read more







 


















podcast episode — suicide and self-harm prevention podcast episodes




csn conducted two interviews with active members of the children's safety now alliance about trends in youth suicide prevention in the u.s. and culture and context in youth suicide prevention.




read more







 


















new resource — injury and fatality risks for child pedestrians and cyclists on public roads





the children's safety network (csn) and the csn economics and data analysis resource center had a peer-reviewed manuscript published in injury epidemiology.





read more







 











previousnext

























recent news




newsletter 
teen dating violence awareness month
february 06, 2025



view all







csn webinars




 
upcoming webinar
state technical assistance webinar 10 - march 20, 2025 
march 20 2025 | 2
 - 3pm



 
upcoming webinar
new date: state technical assistance webinar 9 – data driven storytelling in child safety - march 4, 2025 
march 4 2025 | 12:30
 - 1:30pm







 
past webinar
postponed: maternal, infant and early childhood home visiting & child safety: opportunities for collaboration 
february 6 2025 | 2
 - 3pm



 
past webinar
state technical assistance webinar 8 – november 21, 2024: improving prevention messaging with your workforce 
november 21 2024 | 2
 - 3pm



view all















image
 



the health resources and services administration’s (hrsa) maternal and child health bureau (mchb), in cooperation with the children’s safety network, is leading the first of three cohorts in a new child safety learning collaborative for state and jurisdiction title v agencies, with the aim to reduce fatal and serious injuries among infants, children, and adolescents. the first cohort is running from december 2023 - april 2025. applications for the second cohort will be released in february 2025. learn more here.
the learning collaborative currently focuses on four topic areas: bullying prevention, motor vehicle traffic safety (includes child passenger safety and teen driver/passenger safety), sudden unexpected infant death (suid) prevention, and suicide and self-harm prevention. drowning prevention will be added in the second cohort.
be sure to sign up for the csn newsletter to stay apprised of cslc updates and other key child safety information.
read more
 



















click to subscribe to our newsletter













© 1994 - 2023 education development center. all rights reserved.






quick links


child safety topics


resources


events


newsletter


cslc


csn-a






technical assistance

to request technical assistance:
 complete this form
 






stay connected

 
 
 
 








the children's safety network is supported by the health resources and services administration (hrsa) of the u.s. department of health and human services (hhs) under the child and adolescent injury and violence prevention resource centers cooperative agreement (u49mc28422) for $5,000,000 with 0 percent financed with non-governmental sources. this information or content and conclusions are those of the author and should not be construed as the official position or policy of, nor should any endorsements be inferred by hrsa, hhs or the u.s. government. 
the people depicted in the photographs that appear on this website are models and are used for illustrative purposes only.














































