  






forest wood products | penn state extension













 


  




  

 the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.     skip to content  menu browse by category close  animals and livestock animals and livestockclose    view all   dairy  dairyclose   view all   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    poultry  poultryclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    beef cattle  beef cattleclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    equine  equineclose   view all   pasture and environment management   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    swine  swineclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    goats  goatsclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    sheep  sheepclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety   business management    llamas and alpacas  llamas and alpacasclose   view all   nutrition and feeding   health and care   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   business management    canine  canineclose   view all   nutrition and feeding   behavior and welfare   health and care   reproduction and genetics     forage and food crops  forage and food crops close    view all   agronomic crops  agronomic cropsclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    cover crops  cover cropsclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    forages  foragesclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    forage quality and testing   pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    fruit  fruitclose   view all   production and harvesting   cultivars and rootstocks   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    mushrooms  mushroomsclose   view all   production and harvesting   substrate management   pests and diseases   food safety   business management    vegetables  vegetablesclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management     trees, lawns, and landscaping trees, lawns, and landscapingclose    view all   aquatic plants and algae  aquatic plants and algaeclose   view all   species and varieties   pests and diseases   business management    christmas trees  christmas treesclose   view all   production and harvesting   pests and diseases   business management    home gardening  home gardeningclose   view all   planting and growing   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   eco-friendly gardening   pollination and bees   landscaping for wildlife   animal control    ornamentals and floriculture  ornamentals and floricultureclose   view all   production   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   facilities and technology   business management    trees and shrubs  trees and shrubsclose   view all   production   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   personal safety   business management    turfgrass and lawn care  turfgrass and lawn careclose   view all   species and cultivars   establishment and renovation   fertility and soil management    cultural practices   pests and diseases   weed identification and management   athletic fields and sports turf   golf course turf   personal safety   business management     insects, pests, and diseases insects, pests, and diseasesclose    view all   pest, disease and weed identification  pest, disease and weed identificationclose   view all   insect identification and control   weed identification and control   plant disease identification and control    pesticide applicators  pesticide applicatorsclose   view all   certification and study materials   recertification   resources and best practices    pest management and education  pest management and educationclose   view all   agriculture   public/homeowners   educators and teachers    pollinators  pollinatorsclose   view all   beekeeping   habitat and landscape   identification and biology   pesticides   pollination services    vectors  vectorsclose   view all   tick identification and management   mosquito identification and management   vector-borne diseases     forests and wildlife forests and wildlifeclose    view all   forest management  forest managementclose   view all   management practices   invasive and competing plants   pests and diseases   legacy planning    forestry business and economics  forestry business and economicsclose   view all   agroforestry   county forest economic data   policy and ordinances   timber market report    forest products  forest productsclose   view all   biofuels   botanicals   maple syrup   wood products    urban forestry  urban forestryclose   view all   community forest management   tree care   tree selection and planting   municipal stormwater management    wildlife  wildlifeclose   view all   habitat management   wildlife ecology and conservation   wildlife nuisance and damage     food safety and quality food safety and qualityclose    view all   commercial food processing  commercial food processingclose   view all   good manufacturing practices   regulations   business management    dairy food processing  dairy food processingclose   view all   business management   production and processing   regulations   safety and sanitation    farm food safety  farm food safetyclose   view all   good agricultural practices   regulations    food service and retail  food service and retailclose   view all   food service safety   regulations   business management    home food preservation and safety  home food preservation and safetyclose   view all   food preservation   food safety    grape and wine production  grape and wine productionclose   view all   grape production   wine production   business management and marketing    beer, hard cider, and distilled spirits  beer, hard cider, and distilled spiritsclose   view all   production   business management     water waterclose    view all   drinking and residential water  drinking and residential waterclose   view all   water quality    supply and conservation   maintenance and treatment   testing and interpretation    pond management  pond managementclose   view all   water quality   pond maintenance   aquatic plants and algae   fisheries, wildlife, and ecology    urban and residential stormwater  urban and residential stormwaterclose   view all   water quality   flood control   design, construction, and maintenance    wastewater management  wastewater managementclose   view all   private septic systems   industrial    water for agriculture  water for agricultureclose   view all   conservation practices   irrigation water   livestock drinking water   nutrient management    watershed protection and restoration  watershed protection and restorationclose   view all   streams and rivers   water quality and management   watershed education    conservation practices and training  conservation practices and trainingclose   view all   ag literacy   conservation practices   administration and funding     energy  energy close    view all   marcellus shale and natural gas  marcellus shale and natural gasclose   view all   landowner leasing and royalties   economic and business impacts   environmental impacts   municipality and government impacts    renewable and alternative energy  renewable and alternative energyclose   view all   biofuels   energy use and efficiency   renewable energy resources     business and operations business and operationsclose    view all   starting a farm  starting a farmclose   view all   exploring farming   starting a business   introduction to agronomy   introduction to horticulture   introduction to livestock    business management  business managementclose   view all   business growth   financial   marketing and sales   risk management and insurance   transition and succession planning    human resources  human resourcesclose   view all   labor relations   professional development   volunteer management   workforce development    land and equipment  land and equipmentclose   view all   acquisition and leasing   emerging technology   maintenance    farm markets  farm marketsclose   view all   getting started   management   marketing    farm safety  farm safetyclose   view all   animal handling   farm emergency training   farm equipment and structures   protective gear   youth safety   disaster preparedness   agrability     community development community developmentclose    view all   community planning and engagement  community planning and engagementclose   view all   broadband   community development   leadership   local government   volunteer management    economic development  economic developmentclose   view all   see all economic development    land use  land useclose   view all   see all land use     youth, family, and health youth, family, and healthclose    view all   nutrition, diet, and health  nutrition, diet, and healthclose   view all   chronic disease   food allergies   fitness and exercise   mental health   nutrition and food    children and families  children and familiesclose   view all   early childhood care and education   family resiliency   financial wellness and literacy   substance use education   4-h youth development     browse all by education format browse all by education formatclose  articles articlesclose  conferences conferencesclose  guides and publications guides and publicationsclose  news newsclose  online courses online coursesclose  tools and apps tools and appsclose  videos videosclose  webinars webinarsclose  workshops workshopsclose  searchsearch search account  cart        home   forests and wildlife   forest products   wood products      forest products wood products    forests and forest products are an essential part of pennsylvania’s economy. in this section, obtain detailed information on forest wood products, including hardwood lumber, paper, veneers, chemicals, and firewood. tips on estimating lumber prices and calculating the green weight of wood are available as well.
hardwood and softwood lumber
forests cover almost 60% of pennsylvania’s 28 million acres of land. these woodlands protect wildlife, provide clean air, and offer numerous recreational opportunities. pa forests are also known for growing some of the finest hardwood timber in the world.
the majority of the state’s forests (approximately 90%) are covered by mixed hardwoods. some of the more commercially important types of hardwood in the commonwealth are northern red oak, black cherry, yellow poplar, chestnut oak, and sugar maple. many of these species are valuable for making lumber and can be recognized by their broad, flat leaves in summer. pennsylvania’s hardwood lumber is used to produce numerous forest wood products, including furniture, kitchen cabinets, and factory-made wooden buildings.
softwood trees are often referred to as evergreens or conifers. they have narrow leaves, and most species remain green all year round. common softwood species include eastern white pine, red pine, and eastern hemlock. softwood grading is often visual, and the softwood lumber grades are based on strength and appearance.
estimating timber volume and value
with 17 million acres of forestеd land, pennsylvania has a significant timber resource. to assess and determine the value of standing timber, it is generally necessary to complete an inventory of the trees’ species, size, and volume.
landowners considering selling timber are further advised to familiarize themselves with the board foot content – or volume – of the trees intended for harvest. to determine the volume of standing trees, foresters use timber ‘cruise’ assessment and utilize different measuring tools and volume tables. join the valuing standing timber course for comprehensive information on valuing timber and obtaining fair market pricing.
information and recommendations on estimating timber value can be obtained through penn state extension. in this section, discover more about the grading of hardwood lumber and calculating the green weight of wood. in addition, find current stumpage prices for pennsylvania in the quarterly timber market report. the report provides prices for common tree species by state region.
other forest wood products
along with lumber, forests can produce a wide array of other, non-timber products and services. these include paper products, veneer, and a range of fibers. also, forests have good potential for producing woody biomass for energy by utilizing biomass harvesting methods for timber stand improvement. the performance of biomass fuel, however, can be affected by several characteristics, including heat value and moisture level.
access penn state extension resources to learn more about non-wood products and the effects of using biomass as an energy source in the forest community. further, discover how utilizing low-use wood in a sustainable way can create opportunities like using commercial-scale biomass heat and replacing coal with biochar.   narrow by narrow by:  education format  author / instructor         view as list grid   items 1-25 of 33  view  10 25 50 100 sort by: date posted  position product name sku price date posted start date  set ascending direction              webinars     free    balancing carbon and wood: financial trade-offs in forestry when 03/27/2025 length 1 hour event format virtual | live  explore the financial trade-offs of managing forests for carbon and wood. gain insights into market opportunities, emerging financial pathways, and strategies for informed forest management decisions.           videos  tree burl breakdown by sanford s. smith, ph.d., keith smalley length 5:44  tree burls are tumor-like growths in trees that produce dense, beautifully figured wood. they are highly prized and valuable for making one-of-kind objects.           articles  what is heartwood in trees? by scott weikert  the dark-colored area of a tree is called heartwood, and the lighter-colored area is called sapwood.  what causes this change in color in the wood, and how does it affect the wood properties?           articles  factors that influence timber prices by scott weikert  timber prices can fluctuate from year to year, month to month, and even week to week.  this article will explain some of the factors that can influence the price that is paid for timber at any given time.           articles  using your own lumber for building projects by scott weikert  using your own lumber for building projects is not as straightforward as it seems.  this article will offer some things to consider before starting a project using your own, ungraded lumber.           articles  what is selling forest carbon like? three landowners' experiences by calvin norman, melissa kreye  this article describes the experience that three pennsylvanian forest landowners had selling carbon.           articles  what is spalted wood? by scott weikert  rotting wood, if found at the right time, can sometimes produce magnificent pieces of art.           articles  be safe around wooden pallets! by judd michael, charles david ray, ph.d., dr. serap gorucu  wood pallets are indispensable components of modern supply chains; without them our system of moving raw materials and finished goods would be much slower, less efficient, and more costly.           videos  understanding equilibrium moisture content by scott weikert length 5:47  a look at how moisture in the air affects the moisture content of lumber.           articles  brown rot in wood by scott weikert  brown rot, sometimes called cubical brown rot, is one type of decay fungi that can attack wood that leaves the wood with a reddish color and small, cube-shaped pieces of wood.           articles  heating with wood: an introduction by calvin norman  this article walks through how to begin heating with firewood, including how to safely and cheaply procure firewood. it also discusses some methods for processing, seasoning, and storing firewood.           articles  air drying lumber from your own forest by scott weikert  using lumber from trees on your own property is a goal for many landowners.  this article will explain if air drying the lumber is the right choice to meet your needs.           articles  what makes a good tonewood for musical instruments?  guitars, clarinets, pipe organs, xylophones – what do they all have in common? wood, of course!           articles  powderpost beetles  powderpost beetles breed in dead and dried hardwoods. their presence may be overlooked until they are discovered in stored lumber, rafters, joists, floors, and furniture.           articles  toxicity of yew wood and roots by charles david ray, ph.d.  a case study of yew toxicity in fresh and aged yew roots and stem.           articles  self-organizing microtubule networks in cellulose science by jeffrey catchmark, charles david ray, ph.d.  have you ever heard of nanotechnology? better yet, have you ever heard it with respect to wood science, and wondered why?           articles  calculating the green weight of wood species by charles david ray, ph.d.  how much does wood weigh? the question is simple enough for dry wood, but more difficult when wood is freshly cut.           articles  forest products  forest products may include lumber and its byproducts, medicinal plants, maple syrup, and mushrooms just to name a few.           videos  why does lumber need to be dried? by scott weikert length 9:01  after lumber is sawn from the log it must be dried before it can be put into use.  the forest products industry spends a lot of time and money to dry lumber and this video explains the reasons why.           articles  lockout/tagout for the wood products industry by judd michael, kasey snell, charles david ray, ph.d.  using the proper lockout/tagout procedures will eliminate the possibility of employees becoming injured and prevent deaths within the wood products industry.           articles  hardwood or hard wood? by scott weikert  this article explains the difference between a hardwood and a wood that is hard.           news  biochar in riparian buffers date posted 2/1/2021  penn state, in conjunction with the forest products industry, is working to demonstrate the use of biochar as an addition to improve the function of riparian buffers and stormwater management           articles  valuing standing timber by allyson brownlee muth, ed.d., david r. jackson  this 24-page publication describes simplified methods for estimating timber volumes and values, and is designed to help landowners/loggers understand how the economic value of timber is determined.           videos  forestry & wildlife program team impacts length 4:49  penn state extension's forestry and wildlife team boasts a rich history of educating and supporting industry professionals and private landowners in pennsylvania.           online courses      $160.00    forest taxation: forest finance and timber tax education sections 13 length 8 hours  tax professionals and forest landowners learn about finance, taxation, and timber sales and taxation in order to save money on taxes. earn 8 cfes or 8 cpes.    page  page previous page next you're currently reading page 1 page 2    you may also be interested in...        videos forestry & wildlife program team impacts penn state extension's forestry and wildlife team boasts a rich history of educating and supporting industry professionals and private landowners in pennsylvania.        videos why does lumber need to be dried? after lumber is sawn from the log it must be dried before it can be put into use.  the forest products industry spends a lot of time and money to dry lumber and this video explains the reasons why.        articles forest products forest products may include lumber and its byproducts, medicinal plants, maple syrup, and mushrooms just to name a few.        articles a primer on woody biomass energy for the forest community this article discusses some of the issues of using woody biomass as an energy source with respect to those in the forestry business such as timber harvesters and forest managers.   







personalize
                your experience with penn state extension and stay informed of
                the latest in agriculture. newslettersign up for our newsletter: subscribe college of agricultural sciences
the pennsylvania state university
323 agricultural administration building
university park, pa 16802penn state extension on facebookpenn state extension on linkedinpenn state extension on twitterpenn state extension on youtubeinstagram
 about
                            extension
                        aboutleadershipcareersextension newspresscounty offices
                            customer service
                        help centerlogin problemsmanage email preferencescontact usother
                            programs
                        pennsylvania 4-hbetter kid caremaster gardeners
 youth safetyprivacy and legal statementsveterinary advice statementaccessibility© 2025 the pennsylvania state university email address is required to loginplease enter your email address below to create account.email sign in   









































































