



	
	national black mba - cincinnati - home




































national black mba - cincinnati








				home
			



				about us
			



				membership
			



				events
			



				lot
			











cincinnati chapter



















welcome to the national black mba association- cincinnati chapter - 

welcome to the website of the cincinnati, ohio chapter of the national black mba association. our mission is to promote intellectual and economic wealth generation in our communities.established in 1970, the national black mba association (nbmbaa) is dedicated to creating partnerships that result in creating intellectual and economic wealth in the black community. in partnership with over 400 of the country’s top business organizations, the association has inroads into a wide range of industries as well as the public and private sector. yet all of nbmbaa’s partners have one thing in common – they are all committed to the organization’s goals and values.the national black mba association has more than 8,000 members and represents more than 95,000 mba graduates and operates around five (5) cornerstones:education ▪ career ▪ leadership ▪ entrepreneurship ▪ lifestylethe organization gains its strength from a strong belief in community and a commitment to its development through economic and educational development initiatives that support the global african american community.the national black mba association, incorporated - cincinnati chapter was founded in 1989 with a vision of establishing and maintaining an effective communication device for the african-american manager. our mission is to assist in the creation of intellectual and economic wealth within the african-american community. 








upcoming events﻿

mba event

march 19, 2024 (10am - 1pm) @ xavier university smith hall 
francis xavier way, cincinnati, ohio 45207


past events
ski event @ perfect north
 - january 16, 2024     


 


 











vision
 the cincinnati chapter of the national black mba association is the premier organization serving black business professionals.
 





mission
 
objective
 








to lead in the creation of growth opportunities for our members in business, career development, and education.to assist in the development of exceptional aa professional and business leaders;to enhance the business acumen and professional skills of our members;to build partnerships with key stakeholders/corporations who help and facilitate this growth 
 
to achieve financial self-sufficiency to deliver high quality, high-value programming and services for black business professionals, and our key stakeholders (corporations, youth participants in lot, etc.) ​
 



 






















 






 





	© 2008 - 2024 national black mba association - cincinnati chapter. all rights reserved. privacy policycincinnati chapter nbmbaa, inc. ▪  8216 princeton-glendale road, ste 191, west chester, ohio 45069email: info@cincyblackmba.org
nbmbaa national headquarters ▪national black mba association,inc.400  w. peachtree street nw, suite 203, atlanta, ga 30308telephone: (404) 260-5444 ▪email: mail@nbmbaa.org ▪url: www.nbmbaa.org

 websolution courtesy of agent technologies, inc.
 

 












site powered by weebly. managed by powweb






				home
			



				about us
			



				membership
			



				events
			



				lot
			





















✕




