




winston oregon - "home of wildlife safari" winston city



































winston oregon
"home of wildlife safari" winston city


menu
skip to content
winston oregon weather
winston oregon
winston city information
winston city contact information
winston chamber of commerce
winston city parks
winston service organizations
winston area first citizens winners by year
winston oregon civic organization awards history
oregondaily.com
winston oregon hotels, motels, and lodging
local winston oregon information and resources
winston area services
winston oregon churches – church list directory
winston oregon city information
winston oregon fire department district – services provided
winston oregon community disaster response plan
winston relocation and moving information
 






welcome to the city of winston oregon



we are pleased you are interested in the winston oregon community. 
this website will help you find information about the beautiful city of winston oregon and it’s attractions, events, businesses and access relevent phone numbers and information you might find helpful. this information is not provided from the city of winston oregon and may be outdated.
for most recent updated information please call the winston oregon city hall: 541-679-6739 *this is a memorialized page from the original winstonoregon.net website.
about winston oregon:
winston, as do many other communities in oregon, relies on volunteers to do a great many things. an example is the dial-a-ride program which provides rides for transportation disadvantaged people. volunteers are also involved on the winston budget committee, winston planning commission, winston park board, and the winston traffic safety commission. we encourage public attendance at each meeting of the above groups as well as at our semi-monthly city council meetings. if you would like more information about any of these, please call (541) 679-6739, city administration office here (winston city contact information) or ask at city hall, 201 nw douglas blvd. or at 43° 7´ 18″ n 123° 25´ 3″ w (43.121532, -123.417524).
winston’s parks offer the following features: riverbend park — outdoor theatre, covered pavilion, restrooms, ball fields, lighted basketball court, playground equipment, skateboard and bicycle park and picnic tables; winston community park — covered pavilion, playground equipment, restrooms, tennis and basketball courts, picnic tables with bbqs; civic wayside park — picnic tables with bbqs, sand volleyball court and much more!
annual events in the winston-dillard area may include: trader day in june; 4th of july celebration and grafitti cruise in july; riverbend live! in july and august; celtic highland games in august, and the annual melon festival in september; and community christmas tree lighting.
winston, as do many other communities in oregon, relies on volunteers to do a great many things. another example is the dial-a-ride program which provides rides for transportation disadvantaged people.
volunteers are also involved on the winston budget committee, winston planning commission, winston park board, and the winston traffic safety commission. we encourage public attendance at each meeting of the above groups as well as city council meetings. if you would like more information about any of these, pleasecontact the city of winston using the most recent contact phone number on their website as publicly available and copied below:

city hall: 541-679-6739
or ask at city hall, 201 nw douglas blvd.

the winston-dillard area chamber of commerce operates the local visitor information center located at 30 nw glenhart with the help of volunteers. they may also be reached:

phone (541) 679-0118

members on our city council, boards, commissions and committees


winston city council
city of winston budget committee
winston branch library board
city of winston park board
city of winston planning commission

city of winston urban growth boundary
urban renewal district information


city of winston traffic safety commission

winston city parks offer the following features:

winston also has three city parks and one proposed:

civic wayside park (behind city hall)
community park (thompson blvd.)
riverbend park & skatepark (thompson blvd.)
community park (thompson avenue) that includes the above veteran memorial


riverbend park (thompson avenue)
civic wayside park (behind city hall on douglas blvd.) includes picnic tables with bbq



weather statistics and climate information for winston oregon:
average temperature:
january: 40.9° – july: 68.2°
precipitation averages:



jan –
6.89″


feb –
3.65″


mar –
3.69″


apr –
2.55″


may –
2.61″


jun –
0.76″


jul –
0.04″


aug –
0.24″


sep –
1.02″


oct –
2.88″


nov –
6.67″


dec –
8.00″


total –
38.01″



winston oregon elevation: 534 feet
for most recent updated information please call the winston oregon city hall: 541-679-6739
*this is a memorialized page from the original winstonoregon.net website.
*we cannot guarantee that the information on this page is 100% accurate, please contact us if information on this page needs to be updated – thank you!

winston oregon city information
winston oregon








 
search



 



			winstonoregon.net is a unofficial information site with memorialized content from the original winstonoregon.net - we do not guarantee the accuracy or use of any information found on any page on winstonoregon.net. use of this site is at your own risk and we make no guarantees about any content found on this website. - please note that winstonoregon.net is not the official city website and is not managed by the city of winston. this site is for information about winston oregon. please contact us if you'd like to add city information. thank you.

for most recent updated information from the official city please call the winston oregon city hall: 541-679-6739

*disclaimer: this is a memorialized winston city page from the original winstonoregon.net website.

*we cannot guarantee that the information on this page is 100% accurate, please contact us with any specific information on this page needs to be updated or removed – thank you!






