











study abroad – uw–madison
















































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









study abroad





search






menu
open menu


close





make your plan
expand


collapse



why study abroad
get started
academics
advising
funding your experience
choose a program
identity resources
how to apply
health & safety
handbook
returned student resources


programs
internships
apply
faculty & advisors
about us
expand


collapse



news & events
overview
annual report
make a gift
opportunities with us
meet our staff
contact us


 



handbook
mystudyabroad login
 





scholarships for summer 2025, fall 2025, and academic year 2025-26 study abroad programs
apply by february 24, 2025

                  find scholarships                



apply now to a summer 2025 global gateway program

                  learn more                



free passport photo service for
uw-madison students!

                  schedule your photo session                



will you be the next badger abroad? 

                  explore programs that are currently accepting applications.                



yearlong program in london
for incoming first-year students!

                  start your wisconsin experience abroad                



choose from over 300 programs in more than
80 countries to study or intern abroad! 

                  begin your search for the one that’s right for you                



want to hear what life is like abroad? connect with current & past badgers abroad!

                  learn more                






 


the red gym is undergoing exterior restoration, but we are still open! you may enter through the front doors, beneath the scaffolding.



 
 
 






 



student voices

connect with students studying abroad and learn more about resources for returned students!

 





 



parents & families

are you a parent or family member of a student studying abroad? here's what to expect and how best to support your student while they're abroad.

 





 



incoming exchange students

welcome to uw-madison! our team is excited to support you during your exchange program at uw-madison.

 
 
 
 


eventsfebruaryfebruary 19study abroad 101info session1:00 pm, study abroad resource center, 301, armory and gymnasium (red gym)february 19funding study abroadinfo session3:00 pm, onlinefebruary 20internships in communicationsinfo session5:30 pm, 2195 vilas hallmore events 
more

 



news
alert: guidance for u.s. citizens following south korean president’s declaration of martial law (alert sent to students currently studying abroad in south korea) (12/3/2024)
2024 open doors report: uw–madison ranked #8 for study abroad and #18 for international students (11/19/2024) 
uw-madison students show gratitude for program that expands study abroad access
uw-madison ranked as #12 for total study abroad participation
uw students take on summer internships worldwide, from colombia to south africa
uw-madison study abroad covid-19 information
study abroad, the wisconsin experience
uw-madison listed as one of the top 10 colleges with the best study abroad programs of 2022
uw-madison’s study abroad offices announce commitment to sustainability
all news

 
 
 
 






intern abroadbuild your resume by interning with organizations around the globe!



            intern  abroad
more

 











uw global gateway initiativestudy abroad experiences made accessible through fellowships and fully-funded summer programs.



            global gateway  initiative
more

 











uw global & summer launchstudy abroad your whole first year or the summer before starting on campus as an incoming freshman!



            launch your  studies
more

 











school of education:  expanding global experiencesexciting new programs led by school of education faculty.



            school of education  programs
more

 








 
 
 
 


featured programs


 





 



wisconsin in washington
jump start your career with an internship in the heart of our nation!
summer, fall & spring options

                  learn more                



uw in paris
explore some of the most historic sites in the world while enjoying french cuisine and daily life in the center of paris!

                  learn more                



uw health & food systems 
connect with community members and experts in ghana to understand how politics & education influence food systems & health.

                  learn more                


 


 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
quick linksfaculty & advisors
parents & families
incoming exchange students
international division
subscribe to emails
 
about usnews & events
overview
annual report
make a gift
opportunities with us
meet our staff
contact us


contact us
facebook


youtube


instagram

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: iapweb@studyabroad.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.












