







cantare music







































































































              home
            

            programs
          

            about
          

            calendar
          

            gallery
          

            purchase
          

            reviews
          

            choral music
          

            contact
          
















































































homeprogramsaboutcalendargallerypurchasereviewschoral musiccontact


















scroll








welcome to cantaré!in-person interactive performances in dc, md and vaprerecorded virtual interactive performancesfeel free to contact us for further information








programs













school programs (pre k - 12)
cultural presentations for school assemblies, hispanic heritage month, diversity day, family night, international night, and more!view all















family programs
public performances at museums, libraries, festivals and other public venues.view all



 











college programs 
cultural presentations for colleges and universities. performed by cantosur.view all















hispanic heritage month programs
cultural presentations for government agencies, non-profits and corporate settings. adult programs performed by cantosur.view all



 











theater programs  
public performances in large theater settings. family programs by cantaré and adult programs by cantosur.  view all 















seniors programs
cultural presentations at senior centers. performed by cantosur.view all



 









cantarécultural performances for childrendrawing from the musical heritage of the caribbean, central and south america, cantaré performs songs in spanish and portuguese, while sharing the music’s cultural background.  lead by musician cecilia esquivel, cantaré introduces a variety of string and percussion instruments from different latin american countries. audiences learn about geography and history of latin america and about the different cultures that shaped its music – indigenous, european and african.  in this highly interactive performance, audiences are invited to sing, play percussion and dance a basic latin rhythm such as salsa or merengue. performances are suitable for all ages and can be offered by a solo artist, duo, trio or quartet. several program themes are available.see teacher resources below.cantosurprivate and public performances for adultscantosur is the concert version of the group, featuring pure music without the educational component. suitable for concerts, private events, a restaurant, bar or lounge, etc. cantosur was created by vocalist cecilia esquivel and guitarist dani cortaza to perform latin american music for a wide variety of settings. the duo is often accompanied by top musicians from the washington dc metropolitan area and new york on keyboard, bass, percussion, drums, horns and other south american instruments. the size of the group ranges from a duo to a quartet or quintet, depending on the needs of the particular event.



some of the styles of music we offer:brazilian jazzlatin jazzamerican jazzbrazilian popular musicsouth american folk music (this may include paraguayan harp, peruvian cajón, and several other regional instruments)



cantosur provides vocal and/or instrumental music for:hispanic heritage month celebrationsconcerts (theaters, museums, galleries, outdoor venues, etc.)festivalsprivate or public events - large and smallceremoniesrestaurants, barsfeel free to ask if you are interested in a music style that is not listed.please contact us to request a promotional packet, or click here to hear some of our most representative music samples.








teacher resources

 


    teacher study guide
  

  


    instrument guide
  




    history of latin music
  

 









welcome



programs



cantosur



teacher resources










































[home][programs][about][calendar][purchase][reviews][choral music][contact]




© 2018 cantaré, latin american music. all rights reserved. site by barnes design boutique









