





livermore performance - livermoreperformance.com - lpiracing.com - lpi racing - racing parts - race parts - race car parts - lpi


























phone: (406) 420-2400



fax: (406) 420-2399




e-mail: sales@lpiracing.com

to order on-line go to lpiracing.com

















back
home
check out our new website that offers an excellent search function and on-line ordering!!








products



brakes
camera mounts
drivetrain
engine
lights
miscellaneous
plumbing

safety
suspension components
tanks
tools
wheel spacers




car specific products



acura & honda
bmw
chevrolet corvette
ford, lincoln, mercury
ford mustang
general motors
infiniti & nissan
mazda
mini
porsche




company information



contact & information


welcome to lpi racing!



lpi racing knows the difference between "street" cars and "race" cars. we sell products for both. with over 15 years experience in motorsports activities we have seen several products that work well, and more that don't. but more importantly, we want to build your trust so you always know who to come to for your performance needs. let us hook you up with winning products for your car today!














lpi racing uses what we sell.
our  shop car, a'95 cobra r mustang utilizes many products we sell. this experience gives us first had knowledge for many of the products you are looking for.

the owners of lpi racing at the 2006 san jose grand prix, enjoying a photo opportunity with the local attractions.












derale performance

								
livermore performance sells derale products on our new site lpiracing.com. derale produces electric fans, oil coolers, oil filter adapters, oil filter relocation kits, thermostats, power steering coolers, transmission coolers and transmission pans.








thermo tec
keep you and your car cool with thermo tec products.  lpi racing offers header wrap, heat barriers, starter heat shields and battery wrap.










back
lpi racing (406)420-2400
top of page







we can provide you with performance packages to leave the competition behind.  click on one of the categories below to view the products we sell 








 
 















back
lpi racing (406)420-2400
top of page




check out the links below for car specific applications




for general listings to include all cars, use the links listed under products. if you only care about one car, use the links listed under car specific products or click on the following: acura / honda, bmw, mini, corvette, ford / lincoln / mercury, ford mustang, general motors, infiniti / nissan, mazda and porsche.

























































back

top of page







lpi racing
									      
								        
									      
								        phone: (406)420-2400
									      
							          e-mail: sales@lpiracing.com

								        see our new site at lpiracing.com






