



















aid and attendance pension benefit for veterans | veteranaid.org





































 









we’ve updated our privacy policy.











veteranaid.org
						

(866) 584-7191




contact us | log out








menu
home
about
eligibility
apply
a&a faq
blog
 







menu
home
about
eligibility
apply
a&a faq
blog
 











find senior care options for veterans
enter your location below:
get started ›

why choose veteranaid.org

learn about how much you are eligible for and how to apply
get availability, costs and reviews for eligible care communities near you
our service is 100% free to veterans and their families

senior care is expensive. veterans benefits may help.

what do you know about the va aid and attendance (a&a) pension benefit? millions of veterans have earned this benefit and it can help them and their families pay for senior care — but many people don’t know about it.
when families do find out about the a&a benefit, they sometimes find the va’s application process and eligibility requirements confusing and difficult. some mistakenly believe the program is only for combat veterans. others don’t realize their loved one served during a qualifying time of war, because the va definition of wartimes extends beyond the dates of conflict. recipients don’t need to be impoverished to qualify for a&a, either. the va doesn’t include the value of your car, home or personal effects when it reviews assets and income for eligibility.
 
are aid and attendance benefits worth the effort to apply?
in many cases, the answer is yes. as of december 2018, a single veteran who qualifies for a&a can receive up to $1,881 per month, a married vet can receive up to $2,230 per month and a surviving spouse can receive up to $1,209 per month to pay for needed care at home, in an assisted living community, memory care or in a nursing home.
for many families paying for senior care, this income can make the difference between comfort and hardship.
 
veteranaid.org offers free help applying for aid and attendance.
that’s why we’re here. veteranaid.org was created to help families pay for the care their senior loved ones need by claiming the a&a benefit their veterans are entitled to. here you’ll find explanations of:

how to apply for a&a
frequently asked questions (faq) about the a&a application process
who’s eligible for a&a

as part of the a place for mom family of senior care resources, we can also help you find availability, rates and reviews of communities near you.
 
find out now if you or your loved one may qualify for aid and attendance.





read reviews for assisted living in top cities…

san antonio assisted livingdenver assisted livingsan diego assisted livingwichita assisted livingorlando assisted livinghouston assisted livingcincinnati assisted livingmadison assisted livingdallas assisted livingmiami assisted livingphiladelphia assisted livingsacramento assisted livingst. louis assisted livingatlanta assisted livingsan jose assisted livingnew york assisted livinglos angeles assisted livingchicago assisted livingminneapolis assisted livingportland assisted living 


learn more about assisted living costs and services.
call now to speak to an elder care advisor for free: (866) 913-2555





 
 

resourcessenior care directory
home care directory
elder resource benefits
a place for mom
 


about us


 


 find senior care options for veterans
enter your location below:









get started ›


  



 





 





 






 
 
 






 




 






we are paid by our participating communities, therefore our service is offered at no charge to families.
veteranaid.org was created to provide information, free of charge, to veterans, their spouses and families.  if you are a veteran,
					the surviving spouse of a veteran, or the responsible family member of a veteran, we urge you to apply for the va aid and attendance
					special pension at the earliest time possible.  this benefit could make the difference between a veteran or surviving spouse living in a high-quality assisted living facility or in a
					state-operated nursing home.
veteranaid.org cannot answer any legal or medical questions.  veteranaid.org is not associated with any government agency and cannot guarantee eligibility nor monetary compensation from the aid & attendance special pension.
*figures are from the veteran's administration as of 01/01/15  please contact the va to verify current aid and attendance monthly payments.
all content copyright ©veteranaid.org | all rights reserved
all logos, banners and legal names © their respective owners
veteranaid™ is a registered trademark
© 2025 a place for mom, inc. all rights reserved.

terms of use
					| privacy policy
					| do not sell my personal information
					| contact us at a place for mom

this site is dedicated to the loving memory of frank and lillie cicirelli








































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

