





diabetes and endocrinology | san antonio | university health


























about us 

careers 

refer a patient 

ways to give 

contact us 




                            main:
                        

                        210-358-4000
                    


go to patient portal 



















                    site search
                



                        search site
                    

                        search
                    


                    please enter a search term
                







 
                                        find a doctor
                                    
 


                skip section
            




            search for a doctor
        



                search by name, specialty, or location
            

                search
            






view advanced search options 

view all doctors 






view all doctors 






 
                                        medical services
                                    
 


                skip section
            




diabetes & endocrinology 

heart & vascular care 

pediatrics 

pregnancy & birth 

primary care 





transplant care 

walk-in care 

women's health 

senior services 

view all services 





            search for a service
        



                search by medical service or keyword
            

                search
            










 
                                        locations
                                    
 


                skip section
            




carelink offices 

dialysis centers 

emergency room 

outpatient surgery centers 

primary care clinics 





pharmacies 

specialty clinics 

hospitals 

walk-in care 

view all locations 





            search for a location
        



                search by name or service
            

                search 
            










 
                                        patient & visitor resources
                                    
 


                skip section
            




why choose university health? 

advance directives 

billing & insurance 

carelink 

compliments & complaints 





dining options 

find community health resources 

hospital at home program 

language assistance 

medical records 





nurselink 

parking 

patient experience 

patient portal 

patient safety 





planning for a hospital stay 

preparing for outpatient surgery 

spiritual care & chapel 

telemedicine visits 

hospital visitor information 









 
                                        health & wellness
                                    
 


                skip section
            




community health fair request 

community health programs 





find community resources 

health library 





institute for public health 

institute for trauma-informed care 





 

view all blog articles 










request an appointment 



refill a prescription 



pay a bill 



view classes & events 



donate blood 





about us 

careers 

refer a patient 

ways to give 

contact us 




                            main:
                        

                        210-358-4000
                    


go to patient portal 












                    site search
                



                        search site
                    

                        search
                    


                    please enter a search term
                







doctors 

services 

locations 











                                    home
                                



                                    medical services
                                



                                diabetes and endocrinology
                            









                    diabetes and endocrinology
                

trust the expert endocrinologists at university health in san antonio for the care you need to feel your best and enjoy life.









contact us                

                        for more information, call texas diabetes institute at 210-358-7500.













                    pages in this section
                





                        diabetes and endocrinology
                    


care team 

risk factors & signs of diabetes 

conditions we treat 

testing & diagnosis 

diabetes & endocrine treatments 

diabetes care & education 

research 

pediatric diabetes & endocrinology 








san antonio endocrinologists
your primary care provider may treat your endocrine system condition or recommend you see an endocrinologist for specialized care. university health endocrinologists are some of the best in the nation, and treat pediatric endocrinology conditions as well. 
 endocrinologists treat conditions affecting your body’s hormone-producing glands such as: 

adrenals
hypothalamus
pancreas
parathyroid
pituitary
reproductive
thyroid

endocrine disorders—like diabetes—indicate your glands or organs are not functioning normally. find a wide range of hormone-related conditions we treat that affect your energy, growth, metabolism and sleep.
complete, high-quality diabetes care 
take advantage of america’s largest and most comprehensive center dedicated to the prevention and treatment of diabetes, the texas diabetes institute, right here in san antonio. get all the care you need in one location. the center provides unsurpassed diabetes care for all types of diabetes.
our team received the 2024 gold plus target type 2 diabetes honor roll as part of the american heart association/american stroke association’s get with the guidelines® stroke program. this means if you or a loved one has type 2 diabetes and come to university hospital with a stroke, you'll get the highest level of evidence-based care from our doctors.
guidance and tools to lower your a1c
protect your health with a1c testing according to your doctor’s recommendation. your a1c shows your average blood glucose (sugar) level over a two to three-month period and is a crucial part of your care. your skilled care team at university health has superior knowledge and training to help you reach and maintain your a1c goal.

 














respected diabetes care team
our expert care team includes endocrinology specialists using their advanced medical knowledge to help you manage your lifestyle effectively and treat your diabetes. 
when you need treatment for diabetes complications affecting other parts of your body, rely on our team of specialists working together to treat you. you’ll find specialized care for your eyes, feet, kidneys, heart, limbs and nervous system at the institute and in university health outpatient clinics.
diabetes & endocrine services
you may need testing, diagnosis and evaluation for symptoms of an endocrinology condition or diabetes. rest assured your care team will provide accurate services and simple explanations of your results.
count on your endocrinology care team to put together a personalized care plan for treatment of your type of diabetes or your endocrine condition. your care plan will follow your needs and wishes. you’ll appreciate the compassionate, friendly professionals who will help you live well with diabetes.
recognized diabetes education programs
expect outstanding diabetes care and education from our american diabetes association certified diabetes educator and registered dietitians. education is one of the most powerful weapons against diabetes. join a diabetes education class focusing on improving your health and reducing complications and secondary health conditions from diabetes.
to promote diabetes prevention and education, the texas diabetes institute includes a teaching kitchen, auditorium and fitness center. classes offer exercise, tools for self-management and cooking programs. we encourage you to enroll in a class to learn how to care for yourself and your type of diabetes.
preventing diabetes and enhancing health
access preventive diabetes care through university health. identify whether you have risk factors and signs of diabetes. nearly 2.3 million texans, including many san antonians, have diabetes and even more go undiagnosed. part of our mission is to prevent diabetes in our community and manage it at the texas diabetes institute.
life-saving research
you’ll have access to some of the best treatment options because of our involvement in research. prominent researchers at the center are at the forefront of drug development to treat diabetes and find a cure. we are dedicated to improving the quality of life for patients with diabetes, their families and our community.

take part in research that is trying to unlock the mysteries of diabetes. researchers at the texas diabetes institute have the desire, talents, special skills and technologies to meet the challenge.
fitness center
as a university health patient, you have access to the fitness center at texas diabetes institute and free exercise programs with a provider referral. talk with your doctor about joining today!
 diabetes patient story







                join a research study
            

learn more about participating in one of our research studies.









                            blog articles
                        








                                                        how to improve insulin resistance
                                                    

                                                        discover key strategies foods to improve insulin resistance. learn effective meal planning and lifestyle tips to boost insulin sensitivity and overall health.
                                                    










                                                        how to manage diabetes medication side effects
                                                    

                                                        learn strategies for managing diabetes medication side effects to improve health outcomes and quality of life. stay informed and take control.
                                                    










                                                        ten nutrition tips to improve your health today
                                                    

                                                        building new habits can be as challenging as breaking old ones. here are ten healthy changes you can make to your diet today.
                                                    






                                    view all articles
                                




                            upcoming events
                        








                                                        fit-u class
                                                    

                                                        february 18, 2025
                                                    

                                                        9:00 a.m. - 10:00 a.m.
                                                    

                                                        join the texas diabetes institute at university health for our fit-u class!
                                                    










                                                        tai chi class
                                                    

                                                        february 19, 2025
                                                    

                                                        9:00 a.m. - 10:00 a.m.
                                                    

                                                        the texas diabetes institute invites you to join us for a tai chi class.
                                                    










                                                        fit-u class
                                                    

                                                        february 25, 2025
                                                    

                                                        9:00 a.m. - 10:00 a.m.
                                                    

                                                        join the texas diabetes institute at university health for our fit-u class!
                                                    






                                    view all events
                                




                            latest news
                        





                                                        honoring dr. king’s legacy with health screenings
                                                    

                                                    january 17, 2025
                                                







                                                        free diabetes alert day health fair
                                                    

                                                    march 21, 2024
                                                







                                                        world diabetes day at the texas diabetes institute
                                                    

                                                    november 14, 2023
                                                






                                    view all news
                                









                            locations
                        









                                                            texas diabetes institute
                                                        

                                                        701 s. zarzamora streetsan antonio,tx 78207
                                                    

                                                            210-358-7000
                                                        






                                        view all locations
                                    





                            doctors
                        









                                                        carolina solis herrera, md
                                                    

endocrinology


loading...



                                                        doctor details
                                                    























                                                        jemema rajan, md
                                                    

internal medicine


loading...



                                                        doctor details
                                                    























                                                        sapna raghunathan, md
                                                    

endocrinology
obesity medicine


loading...



                                                        doctor details
                                                    







                                        view all doctors
                                    









                mychart patient portal
            

                view health information, request an appointment, message your provider, pay your bill, and more.
            

learn more 











4502 medical drive 
san antonio, texas 78229

210-358-4000


 

 

 

 

 




about us


contact us 

classes & events 

healthfocus sa blog 

health library 

institute for public health 

newsroom 

adopted 2023 tax rate  

price transparency 

public notices & reports 

vendor opportunities 

volunteer 



careers


search for a job 

benefits 

nursing 

physician opportunties 



for healthcare professionals


transfer a patient 

fellowship programs 

residency programs 

clinical rotations 

pharmacy technician training program 






                    © copyright 2025 university health. all rights reserved.
                



privacy policy 

nondiscrimination notice 



notice of privacy practices 






















×











