






fendrick morgan | life care planning attorneys in cherry hill, nj

















































 






mon-thur 9am – 5pm – fri 8am – 3pm(856) 489-8388get directionsareas servedvoorhees township, njhaddonfield, njmoorestown, njmount laurel, njinfo@fendrickmorganlaw.comcall us856.489.8388our firmattorneysdouglas a. fendrick, esq.jamie shuster morgan, esq.rachel shaffer gersie, esq.madeline thorn wildsmith, esq.evan h. berman, esq.the teamserviceslife care planningestate & tax planningelder law planningestate & trust administrationmedicaid planningspecial needs planningguardianshipveterans’ aid benefitsblogresourceslife care planning factswhy select a celavideo libraryfrequently asked questionsnewsletterstestimonialsonline reviewscontact usonline formsrequest consultation







search for:




homeour firmattorneysdouglas a. fendrick, esq.jamie shuster morgan, esq.rachel shaffer gersie, esq.madeline thorn wildsmith, esq.evan h. berman, esq.the teamnancy e. kimseyjessica curtisalison coynekathy carusovicki mcdyrekaryn vanbuskirkjennifer blakemercedes bolliserviceslife care planningestate & tax planningelder law planningestate & trust administrationmedicaid planningspecial needs planningguardianshipveterans aid benefitsour blogresourceslife care planning factsvideoswhy select a celafrequently asked questionsnewsletterstestimonialsonline reviewsonline formscontact us








now, a life care planning law firm.because we care. 
							our team helps clients identify appropriate health care services while supporting family members to make long-term care decisions regarding their elder loved ones. 
							what is life care planning 
							contact us now 
							 


life requires planning,
be proactive. 
							our elder law practice derives its foundation from placing the greatest emphasis on maintaining the highest quality of life for our clients and their loved ones. 
							start planning today 
							contact us now 
							 


reduce your tax burden 
& maximize opportunity 
							the financial and emotional toll for family members is great if a loved one passes without at least a will. if you choose to do nothing, then your state’s laws will govern your estate plan. 
							tax planning overview 
							contact us now 
							 


estate & trust administration 
professional advice & guidance 
							our team helps clients who face the complexities that surround the administration of your loved one’s estate. we provide advice and counsel on all aspects of estate administration. 
							take the worry out of planning 
							contact us now 
							 





life requires planning;
we are here for youour team helps clients identify appropriate health care services while supporting family members to make long-term care decisions regarding their elder loved ones.
what is life care planningcontact us nowwe are compassionatespecial needs trustsif you have a disabled child, you recognize the importance of ensuring that he or she receives all of the care and attention that their circumstances may require. we help you acquire all the necessary documents to avoid jeopardizing your loved one’s present or future benefits.
learn more20+ years handlingmedicaid planningwith our firm’s guidance, we can help clients be proactive which increases the likelihood of preserving your assets and qualifying for medicaid benefits. when an individual qualifies, usually his or her income is designated to pay for a portion of the long-term care costs.
learn morewe will help you navigateveterans’ aid benefitswhen anyone who makes the ultimate sacrifice and steps away from their normal life to serve our country, they deserve to be treated well upon return. if disability was a part of their active duty, there may be expensive, ongoing medical treatment and care.
learn moresouthern new jersey’s life care planning & elder law teamamong one of its greatest firm benefits, fendrick morgan is staffed with seasoned elder law attorneys, a highly experienced elder care coordinator and an unparalleled support team that is passionate about ensuring our clients are well provided and cared for throughout the estate and life care planning process. our caring and compassionate team works seamlessly together to understand thoroughly each client’s unique situation in advance of developing a tailored estate and life care plan.
need help?our servicesat fendrick morgan, we want to bring you some peace of mind during those tough times. even if you live a full and healthy life, it will be more desirable to leave your loved ones with fond memories than the bother of legal processes resulting from the lack of estate planning.
life care planningour team helps our clients address often-complex issues associated with aging with dignity and to resolve problems caused by the high-cost of long-term care.
read moreestate & tax planninghave you considered the effect that the new jersey estate tax, inheritance tax or federal estate tax may have on your loved ones?
read moreelder law planningnot only do we care deeply about your potential legal issues, but we also give great thought to the medical and financial issues that aging presents.
read moreestate & trust planningthe fendrick morgan team works with each client to face the complexities that surround the administration of your loved one’s estate.
read moremedicaid planningfendrick morgan helps its clients to be proactive which increases the likelihood of preserving your assets and qualifying for medicaid benefits.
read morespecial needshaving a disabled child, you recognize the importance of ensuring that he or she receives all of the care and attention that their circumstances may require.
read moreguardianshipsif a loved one becomes incapacitated or unable to make decisions for themselves, intervention is required in order to take control of their affairs.
read moreveterans’ aid benefitsas accredited va attorneys, the fendrick morgan team will help you and your loved ones obtain the benefits to which you may be entitled.
read moreview all service areaslife care planning: what it is and how it can help youwe help seniors and their families work through the maze of long-term care options and decisions. we help you find quality care in the most appropriate setting, and we help you figure out how to pay for that care.
watch the videoour storyabout fendrick morganfendrick morgan is a southern new jersey-based life care planning law firm that focuses exclusively on estate and elder law matters, which includes estate and trust administration, special needs and guardianships, medicaid planning and the application process, and veterans’ benefits. additionally, our highly skilled team handles all aspects of estate planning, estate administration and elder law issues for our longtime clients and often their families.
we work carefully with each and every client to customize a plan that works best for them and their loved ones. every client is unique, and has his or her own specific issues and objectives. at fendrick morgan, we pride ourselves on listening to each client and then taking great care to tailor each client’s plan to his or her specific circumstance and needs.

we take pride in our reputationour clients love talking about usthe lifeblood of our business is our clients. it is the firm’s absolute pleasure and privilege to provide clients and their loved ones with services, which may be the difference between aging with dignity or dying in despair. we view each client engagement as an opportunity to leverage our highly specialized education and years of experience to assist and support seniors and their families.
see all testimonialswhy you should choose fendrick morganwe take pride to have a team of highly experienced and seasoned lawyers and professionals. you would be challenged to find others who are at the top of their professional game as the fendrick morgan team is.

we listen to you, first, to understand your unique situation before making any recommendations.
our long-standing multi-disciplined team delivers all services in a caring, efficient, cost-effective manner.
the firm services its clients in a friendly, comfortable environment that prioritizes individual integrity and respect for and from each of us.
we care deeply about helping you, our valued client, to bring about peace of mind to all parties involved.

learn more about usover 20+ years experiencemeet your professional teamour team of legal professionals take pride in providing caring and compassionate legal counsel when dealing with elder law & estate planning matters. learn more about what each team member has to offer and their experience.
douglas a. fendrick, esq.view profilejamie shuster morgan, esq.view profilerachel shaffer gersie, esq.view profilemadeline thorn wildsmith, esq.view profileevan h. berman, esq.view profilenancy e. kimseyview profilejessica curtisview profilenews, tips & morehelpful resourceswe provide further insight in to the laws pertaining to estate planning and elder law. stay up to date with fendrick morgan and follow along.
frequently asked questionswe have provided a sampling of the most frequently asked questions. if you don’t see what you are looking for, please do reach out to us and we’ll be happy to provide clarity on an issue which you are struggling with.
read moreour blogcheck out our most recent posts that provide additional information on the importance of life care planning, elder law and estate planning, as well as up-to-date information, news and events from fendrick morgan.
read moreonline formswe provide several different intake forms in which you can download them and fill them out in order to expedite your visit with us at our office. if you have any questions about the forms, feel free to contact us for assistance.
read more
don't hesitate to askrequest consultation



homepage contact form







first name
        *




last name
        *




email
        *




phone
        *




services interested in
        *


--please select one--life care planningelder law planningestate & tax planningestate & trust planningmedicaid planningspecial needsguardianshipveteran aids benefitsother 


recaptcha
        





send now








 

 



 



 



 

 



fendrick morgan law1950 nj-70, suite 200cherry hill, nj 08003  info@fendrickmorganlaw.com  (856) 489-8388   get directionshttps://www.fendrickmorganlaw.comhttps://www.fendrickmorganlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/fendrick-morgan-logo.pngcash, check, credit card$$explore morehome
our firm
services
our blog
resources
testimonials
online reviews
contact us
our serviceslife care planning
estate & tax planning
elder law planning
estate & trust administration
medicaid planning
special needs planning
guardianship
veterans’ aid benefits
attorneysdouglas a. fendrick, esq.
jamie shuster morgan, esq.
rachel shaffer gersie, esq.
madeline thorn wildsmith, esq.
evan h. berman, esq.
resourceswhy select a cela
life care planning facts
video library
faq’s
newsletters
online forms
privacy policy
disclaimer
copyright 2025 | all rights reserved | fendrick morgan law | website by: omnia creative studio

 menu







if you have any questions in regard to any of our services and would like to schedule a consultation, complete the form below and someone from our friendly staff will reach out to you as soon as possible.




landing page contact form







full name
        




email
        




phone number
        




service interested in
        


service interested inlife care planningestate & tax planningelder law planningestate & trust administrationmedicaid planningspecial needsguardianshipveterans' aid benefitsother 


recaptcha
        





send inquiry








			×			






if you have any questions in regard to any of our services and would like to schedule a consultation, fill out the form to the right and someone from our friendly staff will reach out to you as soon as possible.





 consultation request form 







first name
        *




last name
        *




email
        *




phone
        *




service interested in
        *


--please select--life care planningelder law planningestate & tax planningestate & trust planningmedicaid planningspecial needsguardianshipveteran aids benefitsother 


recaptcha
        





send now








			×			



























