






autism delaware – we help people and families affected by autism
































































skip to content










phone: (302) 224-6020 fax: (302) 224-6017









click here to email us






































 
eventsresource directoryvolunteerwork with uscontact us










 






















phone:
(302) 224-6020
fax:
(302) 224-6017
click here to email us











































donate










homeeventsresource directoryvolunteerwork with uscontact usabout usnews and infofamily supportadult servicescommunity engagementways to give

















































donate

























 
about us about autism delaware board of directors staff directory work with usnews and info news articles “the sun” quarterly newsletterfamily support family support coffee hoursadult servicescommunity engagement how to get involved our scholarships smart cookie day volunteer with usevents walk for autism drive for autism snowflake soiree other ways to give events calendar












search














 

















 
 


 
 






















who we are






we are delaware’s largest provider of advocacy, support, and services for people on the spectrum and their families and caregivers.
we have been helping people and families affected by autism since 1998.






be a part of our work for autism acceptance and inclusion.









learn more











contact us


































family support






options that meet individual needs
our credentialed family support team knows that “teamwork makes the dream work” because they’ve lived it as parents of people on the spectrum. across the spectrum and the lifespan, they can help build skills, information, resources, services, and interventions that meet individual and family needs.


how it works


 










adult services






opportunities to work and volunteer
whatever the level of skills and abilities may be, our direct support professionals are ready to help adults on the spectrum succeed in community-based opportunities to work and volunteer. connect with them for training and support based on individual strengths, needs, challenges, and preferences.


learn more


 










community engagement






connections to support autism inclusion
it takes all of us working together to move beyond a "one-size-fits-all" world. whether you want to be a self-advocate or advocate, create an autism-inclusive environment in your organization, or support those who support people with autism, we can help you make autism inclusion a reality where you are.


get involved


 



















ways to give






your generosity will help us build a world where people on the spectrum are welcomed, valued, and supported. whether you want to make a donation, start a fundraiser, honor someone special, or contribute your time and talents, we have a way for you to make a make a difference.     learn more ...







give today




















												walk for autism											
 












												drive for autism											
 








 

 
 







 
















locations






new castle county






924 old harmony road
suite 201
newark, de 19713









locations






sussex county






17517 nassau commons blvd.
unit 1
lewes, de 19958









contact autism delaware






phone: (302) 224-6020
fax: (302) 224-6017
click here to email us









email sign-up





 
name

please enter your name.


email address

please enter a valid email address.




subscribe



thanks for subscribing! please check your email for further instructions.
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.







our privacy policy








website privacy policy




















© 2025 autism delaware. all rights reserved.









designed by techno goober









 
 



















