





pontoon boats manufacturer, a pontoon boats builder for pleasure & fishing boating, water skiing

































southland pontoon boats

home
company

discover southland

pontoon boat for family & friends
pontoon boat for water sports
fishing pontoon boats
teak & mahogany


southland in the world


catalogue

champagne sx
champagne
majesty sx
majesty
mistral
fishing dlx
diamond
horizon
horizon lite
fly se
electric pontoon boat
commercial pontoon
custom pontoon
accessories


southland plus

buying your 1rst pontoon boat
quality first
high quality pontoons
testimonials
performance
news & events

boat shows
videos




contact
français
































buying your 1rst pontoon boat
buying a pontoon boat for the first time can seem like risky business.
we have tried to gather here the key elements to take into consideration in the decision making process. this will also help to compare apple with apple...

read more










high quality pontoon boat
from the very first southland pontoon boat, we have targeted excellence in the construction methods and quality standards that are built into each of our products to meet the expectations of all those who revere these principles in the art of boat building.
read more










high performance pontoon boats
a third tube definitely improves the performance of a pontoon boat. this option permits the installation of an hydraulic steering system and the tube performance kit. let’s look at these performance details more closely.
better performance 
because a pontoon equipped with the third tube floats higher, it glides...
read more










commercial pontoon boats
technical information on the commercial pontoon boat
the platform of the commercial pontoon boat enables the user to install almost any kind of equipment that we find on other types of boats. that it be a winch, a crane, some inspection equipment, some cleaning or repair gear, etc., the commercial pontoon boat can handle these additions.
read more










teak & mahogany
audacious southland’s signature
southland, a leader manufacturer in canada, earned recognition for its original products. southland now offers teak and mahogany on its pontoons, a first in the industry. southland furnishings made of teak or mahogany include tables, handrails, footboards and the deck.

read more










southland at the international
southland "surfs" all over the planet
southland pontoon coats can be found everywhere on the planet. sailing in the persian gulf from dubai or abu dhabi, navigating on the round canal near amsterdam, crossing the lagos lagoon in nigeria or the serpentine river in australia - these are just some of the adventures and exotic locations that southland pontoon boats have made possible...

read more















				most advanced luxury pontoon boats			












pontoon boats to enjoy with family and friends
to own a pontoon boat is to be able to enjoy pleasant moments on the water in the company of family and friends. indeed pontoon boats are very safe and stable. they allow free movement because of their flat   deck. the rides on a pontoon boat are so quiet that children can fall   asleep on the benches or the sun deck.  there is plenty of room for them to lie down., given their parents  some quiet time.
pontoon boat means party
often a ride on a pontoon boat can turn into a party as you can safely dance. its large flat floor area allows you to move about without  any restrictions. with your favourite music coming from a premium 200   watts radio,   children, parents and friends are going to have a great   time. read  more
water sports with a pontoon boat
a pontoon boat allows you to practice all the water activities you  can imagine. you can fish, you can wake, you can ski, you can dive, go  to the beach, go tubing, swimming, speed up or just sightseeing while  enjoying  a good wine and eating your favourite foods .

waterskiing with a pontoon boat
waterskiing or wakeboarding should not be overlooked. a pontoon boat  will give you a thrilling ride for hours. people think wrongly that it  is impossible to water ski or to wake board with such a boat. what  matters in waterskiing or wakeboarding is to bring the rider out of the  water. read  more

fishing pontoon boats
nothing  beats going fishing on a pontoon boat. in fact, with its large flat  floor it makes fishing trips so much more enjoyable in many ways. you  can invite more friends to join in or include the whole family. in a  fishing boat there is this constant worry that children may fall…
read more


luxury pontoon boats
teak & mahogany
southland, a leader manufacturer in canada, earned recognition for  its  original products. southland  now  offers teak and mahogany on its pontoons, a first in the industry. southland now offers teak and mahogany on its pontoons…
read more

why to choose southland pontoon boats

quality pontoon boats
1our commitment in quality is resting on :

reliability of components, fabrics, subcontractors, deliveries delay and service during and after the sale.
checking from the beginning construction process…
flexibility…



durable pontoon boats
2southland pontoon boats are challenging the time thanks to strong  construction. because we are favoring our own methods despite the  overtime they needsouthland pontoon boat never do any compromises on longevity. we have the same attitude in choosing our subcontractors based on their efficiency….


good looking pontoon boats
3choosing southland pontoon boat, you’ll opt for beauty, meticulous  design, trendy fabrics, refine fitting-out and various color swatch. the  southland pontoon boat’s touch express itself in harmonious lines,  sometimes exuberant and sometimes sober but always unique …


safe and secure pontoon boats
4each boaters must cruise safely. it is the reason why the commitment of  southland pontoon boat consist in scrupulously answer to the governments  safety rules. in addition, southland pontoon boat take pride in being  nmma and ce certified even surpassing those criterias. for example…
read more


 
 
 






southland 145 st-alexandre, 
beauceville,
québec, canada, g5x 2e7 
telephone: 418-774-3197

 

 recent posts 

champagne sx


majesty


discover southland


the new generation rv


southland pontoon boat in turkey


 

email us


name *
email *

if you want to submit this form, do not enter anything in this field





 






© southland pontoon boats. all rights reserved











