


4evertoned- one stop solution to a lean, toned you


























4evertoned- one stop solution to a lean, toned you
the place busy people turn for fitness solutions.











monday, july 02, 2007 

paris hilton diet


last week paris hilton came out of prison and there were tonsof people from the media waiting out the the jail hoping to grabparis's first words and photos for the tabloids magazines.i recently read that paris lost 10 lbs in 23 days while in jail.now we'd all want to lose 10 lbs in 23 days wouldn't we?perhaps we'd like to get on the paris hilton diet.  whatmany fail to realize though is that they are alreadyon this diet.if you're eating 1-2 times per day and dropping weightthen you and paris has a lot in common. chances are though that you still not happy with the wayyou look.  do you want to know why?because the weight you're losing is probably a mixtureof fat, water weight but most importantly muscle.muscle is responsible for dictating what your metabolismis like and as you lose muscle, you are also losing theeffectiveness of a fast metabolism.the more muscle you lose or the lack of muscle you havein relationship to the amount of fat you have will slowdown your metabolism, leading to skinny fat figures.yeah you know what i'm talking about.  my suggestionto you is to pay close attention to the way you treat yourbody.  feed it, provide it with the fuel it needs to sustainthe daily rigors and obstacles you face.my suggestion: get off the paris hilton diet and insteadi suggest you eat 5-6 small meals a day to make sure youcan function properly and have the energy to doall your daily activities to the best of your ability.

posted by geovanni derice  at 1:32 pm  | permalink | comments  




monday, june 25, 2007 

is salad really good for you?


the title of this comes really from a conversation i had lastweek with my cousin.  we talked about a lot of things dealingwith eating and weight loss and the topic of salads in fastfood restaurants came up.now i will keep this short and to the point but basicallya salad that she thought was healthy, actually containeda whooping 910 calories, 438 of those calories from fat.(e-mail me at geo@4evertoned.com and i'llreveal which fast food restaurant this came from)yes, i know a shocker!some people daily caloric intake is just about 1200-1500 caloriesso you can easily see how devastating eating 910 calories canreally be.my suggestion is for you to really take the time to prepareyour own salads and carry it to the work place.number 1- you will save money.number 2- you can control what goes in and out of the saladkeeping your calories lownumber 3- make sure you don't over do it with the dressing.i know we all want flavor but you must contain yourself too.again be careful when eating out.  you might be doingmore harm than good.importance notice:  make sure you look formy next e-mail in your inbox.  you won'twant to miss it, trust me!

posted by geovanni derice  at 11:06 am  | permalink | comments  




friday, june 15, 2007 

what are the 3 best bodyweight moves for fat loss?


one of the most talented fitness coaches in the land answeredthis particular question.  the best part about it though...they are all moves that you can do anywhere in your home.all you need is about 4-5 yards of space and you can crankout these three exercises easily.click below to read the 3 best bodyweight movesfor fat loss.3 best bodyweight moves for fat lossalso stay tuned to next week when i revealto you probably the dumbest sale everin an effort to raise funds for my 4 year anniversary.yes, it's possible to have a long term relationshipat my young age of 23.  love conquers all!

posted by geovanni derice  at 11:59 am  | permalink | comments  




tuesday, june 12, 2007 

fun and fitness can go together...


many of you know me to be someone who writes aboutfitness and at times i crack a few jokes, normally they aren'tfunny but i do try.but rarely does anyone get to see what i do on my freetime.  it's always good to be active and to eat well wheneverpossible and during my recent vacation down in floridai decided to be active by playing ping-pong (table tennis).here's a photo of my best shot (notice how focus i was):definitely have fun when you'retrying to maintain a healthyand fit lifestyle.  chances areyou'll be more compliant by doingso.

posted by geovanni derice  at 2:52 am  | permalink | comments  




monday, june 11, 2007 

3 moves for a better butt


building off the idea of increasing your metabolism there's beena lot said about celebrities with glorious backsides.   i didn'twant to leave you out there without a butt of your ownthat you would be proud to flaunt around.therefore i've decided to go ahead and write an articlethat will tell you 3 moves that are highly effective forbuilding your own butt of glory.you can get access to it by going to:3 moves for a better buttand also please keep this window open. i'd love for you toleave a comment about your thoughts on the article.

posted by geovanni derice  at 12:23 pm  | permalink | comments  




sunday, june 10, 2007 

4 quick moves for a faster metabolism


last week i posted an exclusive article about increasing yourmetabolism by performing 4 quick moves.  i'd like foryou to get your spin on what you thought about the articleand what you'd like to see posted in the future.stay tune to my next post. it's definitely oneyou won't want to miss.[hint: i like big butts and i cannot lie]here's the link to the article:4 quick moves for a faster metabolism

posted by geovanni derice  at 1:50 pm  | permalink | comments  




tuesday, june 05, 2007 

weight loss- best foods for a slimmer you


i know it's been a long time since this has been updated.things are crazy for me right now, beyond belief.but i did have an article recently featured in the brooklynvillemagazine.you can check it out now by right clicking the imageabove and choosing save link as or save target asto read yours truly.please leave comments on what you thought about the article.your opinion matters.

posted by geovanni derice  at 11:33 am  | permalink | comments  












search


search this blog:






last posts


paris hilton dietis salad really good for you?what are the 3 best bodyweight moves for fat loss?fun and fitness can go together...3 moves for a better butt4 quick moves for a faster metabolismweight loss- best foods for a slimmer youjordin sparks does- do you believe in dreams?weight loss- 11 best foods for weight losscraig ballantyne, heard of him?




archives


february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007




links



are you looking for a personal fitness coach?
curious about what it takes to lose weight successfully?
latest news on becoming successful in your fitness journey
the funniest but most real fitness info on the web today







