



mary morris | author of all the way to the tigers


































 







































 winner of the 2016 anisfield-wolf award for fiction for the jazz palace.


mary morrisauthor of all the way to the tigersbio
books

all the way to the tigers
gateway to the moon
the jazz palace
backlist
other writing


artwork
events

teaching & speaking


travel
book club
contact
home

























“in the red house,  mary morris transports readers from the sunlit landscapes of italy to the shadows of its wartime past as she traces the haunting legacy of a mother’s disappearance. this mesmerizing, beautifully layered novel maps the geography of loss with devastating precision.”






—christina baker kline, #1 new york times bestselling author






“you know, when you read mary morris, that you will get exquisite writing and vibrant world-building and people that break your heart. but the red house is even more unforgettable - a mystery of time, place, and character that reveals how the gaps in our personal histories are the ones that somehow become the building blocks of our lives.”






— jodi picoult, #1 new york times bestselling author






"the red house is a wonderful novel—suspenseful and surprising—with history at its heart. investigating a painful family mystery—the decades-old disappearance of a mother—leads us into a small town in puglia and its buried past under fascism. a riveting story.”






—joan silber, author of secrets of happiness and improvement



















award-winning novelist mary morris weaves together an unsolved family mystery, a poignant coming-of-age story, and a little-known corner of world war ii history in this lyrical novel of family, loss and, ultimately, love.








 









preorder the red house today!













































































































thirty years ago, laura’s mother, viola, went missing. she left behind her purse, her keys and her mysterious paintings of a red house. viola was never found, and her family never recovered. laura, an artist herself, held on to the paintings. on the back of each work, her mother scrawled in italian, “i will not be here forever.” the family never understood what viola meant.
decades later, at a crossroads in her marriage and her life, laura returns to italy, where her parents met after world war ii.  laura spent the earliest years of her childhood there before the family moved to new jersey and settled into an american dream that eventually became a nightmare. viola, who claimed to be an orphan, staunchly refused to speak of her life before marriage.
in italy, laura finds herself on a strange scavenger hunt to solve the puzzle of her mother’s lost years. she is certain that the paintings of the red house hold the answer to her mother’s past and her search takes her from her hometown of brindisi, deep into puglia where she encounters a man who knew her mother and who illuminates little-known secrets of italy’s second world war.
blending elements of true crime with settings that evoke elena ferrante, laura follows her mother’s trajectory as she ventures north to naples, turin and finally home. along the way, she confronts the dark truth of her mother’s story and at last makes sense of her own.















 



















copyright © 2025 mary morris














share this





https://www.facebook.com/marymorrisauthor/facebook





twitterhttps://twitter.com/mmorris14













