






bells palsy | informational website about bells palsy








































information on bell’s palsy
the facial nerve
the facial muscles
causes of facial palsy
symptoms
residual effects
 


select page


  
 



 



 










 



frequently asked questions about bell’s palsy
what is bell’s palsy?
bells palsy is a condition that causes the facial muscles to weaken or become paralyzed. it’s caused by trauma to the 7th cranial nerve and is not permanent.
why is it called bell’s palsy?
the condition is named for sir charles bell, a scottish surgeon who studied the nerve and its innervation of the facial muscles 200 years ago.
how common is bell’s palsy?
bells palsy is not as uncommon as is generally believed. worldwide statistics set the frequency at approximately .02% of the population (with geographical variations). in human terms, this is 1 of every 5000 people, and 40,000 americans every year.
is bell’s palsy always on the same side?
the percentage of left or right side cases is approximately equal and remains equal for recurrences.
is there any difference because of gender or race?
the incidence of bells palsy in males and females, as well as in the various races is also approximately equal. the chances of the condition being mild or severe and the rate of recovery is also equal.
what conditions can increase the chance of having bell’s palsy?
older people are more likely to be afflicted, but children are not immune to it. children tend to recover well. diabetics are more than 4 times more likely to develop bells palsy than the general population. the last trimester of pregnancy is considered to be a time of increased risk for bell’s palsy. conditions that compromise the immune system such as hiv or sarcoidosis increase the odds of facial paralysis occurring and recurring.
can bell’s palsy affect both sides of the face?
it is possible to have bilateral bells palsy, but it’s rare, accounting for less than 1% of cases. with bilateral facial palsy, it’s important to rule out all other possible diagnoses with thorough diagnostic tests.
can bell’s palsy affect other parts of the body?
bells palsy should not cause any other part of the body to become paralyzed, weak or numb. if any other areas are affected bell’s palsy is not the cause of the symptoms, and further testing must be done.
how do the symptoms of bell’s palsy progress?
very quickly. most people either wake up to find they have bells palsy or have symptoms such as a dry eye or tingling around their lips that progress to classic bell’s palsy during that same day. occasionally symptoms may take a few days to be recognizable as bells palsy. the degree of paralysis should peak within several days of onset – never in longer than 2 weeks (3 weeks maximum for ramsey hunt syndrome). a warning sign may be neck pain, or pain in or behind the ear prior to palsy, but it is not usually recognized in first-time cases.
is bell’s palsy contagious?
no, it is not contagious. people with bells palsy can return to work and resume normal activity as soon as they feel up to it.
what about recovery from bell’s palsy?
approximately 50% of bells palsy patients will have essentially complete recoveries in a short time. another 35% will have good recoveries in less than a year.
regardless of the trigger, bell’s palsy is best described as an event – trauma to the nerve. as with any other injury, healing follows. the quality and duration of recovery are dependent on the severity of the initial injury. if the nerve has suffered nothing more than a mild trauma, recovery can be very fast, taking several days to several weeks. an “average” recovery is likely to take between a few weeks and a few months. the nerve regenerates at a rate of approximately 1-2 millimeters per day and can continue to regenerate for 18 months, probably even longer. improvement of appearance can continue beyond that time frame.
is muscle atrophy a concern?
not as a rule. it takes longer for the muscles to start to atrophy than it takes for most people to fully recover.
is bell’s palsy likely to happen again?
the possibility of recurrence had been thought to be as high as 10 – 20%. these figures have been lowered as more has been learned about conditions that are now diagnosed as other types of facial palsies. estimates of the rate of recurrence still vary widely, from around 4 – 14%. most recent reports hover at 5 – 9%. the average timespan between recurrences is 10 years.
 
 

treatmentthe diagnosis
medical considerations
eye protection
botox for residuals
surgery
 retrainingfacial exercises
facial retraining – introduction
facial retraining – therapy
facial retraining – neuromuscular
facial retraining – evaluation methods
facial retraining – essential elements
facial retraining – specific techniques
facial retraining – case studies
facial retraining – references
 treatment centersunited states
canada
united kingdom
australia
belgium
italy
japan
malaysia
netherlands
portugal
spain
sweden
switzerland
view all treatment centers
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 




  dedication to jan opoliner the bells palsy information site is dedicated to the site’s original creator,  jan opoliner.
jan opoliner was stricken with bells palsy in the 1990s and soon found how debilitating and frustrating this condition could be. being a very strong, proactive person, she searched for a treatment that might cure bells palsy. she saw eight doctors, had many treatments, some harmful and was amazed that so little was known about bells palsy.
jan began contributing her support and knowledge to people with bells palsy through online forums. in 2000 she began researching bells palsy, calling upon her medical knowledge and people she knew in the medical world, both doctors and facial specialists. she spent countless hours reading, compiling and organizing her research. in 2001 she created the bells palsy information site with information that could be trusted.
in the years since its inception, thousands of people have come to the bpis and benefitted from jan’s work, particularly her creating and maintaining the website single-handedly. we who have facial paralysis are very grateful to jan.
jan sadly lost her life to lung cancer on february 5, 2010. the bells palsy information site has become her legacy, helping those who suffer with facial paralysis. this website continues in her honor.

    
 



copyright 2018 bells palsy information website. rights reserved.  

 
 
 











