

















wilmington airport ilg | flyilg


































						skip to main content
					





































main navigation
general aviation
ilg stories
parking


visitor info







visitor information


directions


drop off & pick up


ground transportation


group tour request


the ilg wave




blog
jobs







keep in touch




















      skip to main content
    





























wilmington airport


book travel on avelo air


book travel on american airlines via the landline company












wilmington airport ilg is the delaware valley’s ultra-convenient regional airportattention:  during times of weather advisories, please check with your airline carrier regarding flight status.wilmington airport offers a refreshingly smooth, simple, and friendly alternative hometown airport experience. ilg’s proximity to multiple major highways makes it delaware valley’s most convenient and travel-friendly airport. it’s a great alternative to big regional airports with parking next to the terminal in three lots (a, b and c) for $9.50/day with no limit on the length of time parked in the lot.if you’re traveling through ilg, please note vending machines, including hot coffee and food, are available in the gate area. we also offer a water bottle refill station. currently there are no food services in the terminal other than the vending in the gate area. there are nearby options, such as the legend’s restaurant on the airport property, and numerous fast-food and convenience store options close by. now, you can get flights to wilmington, delaware, from there. 






today’s flightsupcoming flights for today are displayed here. if none are shown, all flights have either departed or landed for the day, or there are none scheduled. please check with your carrier, either avelo airlines or american airlines, for future flights.



arrivals


departures



















available parking spaces


loading parking lots availability...








thanks for choosing wilmington airport ilg | flyilg!avelo offers a variety of services to popular destinations from ilg, as well as convenient flights to delaware and the delaware valley. check back often and visit the avelo airlines for the most up-to-date information. when booking flights, select wilmington airport ilg for the most up-to-date fares and schedules. if a schedule change has impacted you, please contact avelo air at 346.616.9500 for assistance with rebooking or refund options.you may now also fly american airlines from ilg to every american destination worldwide, just be certain to select ilg as your point of origin or destination. check-in at ilg and get to phl, arriving at a gate in terminal f, where you can continue to your connecting flight. there is no driving to phl, no parking at phl, and no tsa screening at phl. you do it all at ilg.  










find your way to ilg


get directions to ilg








everything you need to know about the region


visitor information








rental cars


rent a car at ilg








 






you can get here from there or there from hereflights from wilmington airport ilg are direct on avelo air to some of the most desirable locations, such as… a convenient and inexpensive trip to san juan, puerto rico, for the vacation of a lifetime. or, try our american airlines connection to the world directly from delaware. with service from delaware via landline, american airlines now serves all 50 united states. international options are yours now - ride the lux motorcoach to phl and your next connection! it’s easy. some favorite destinations on avelo air from ilg are fort lauderdale and nearby miami, florida – enjoy these cities’ sun, scenery, and high energy. need another suggestion? lakeland for that fantastic disney, universal, and fun-filled orlando area vacation! do you still need another option? flights to san juan, puerto rico resume in november!






 






















 

































151 n dupont hwy new castle, de 19720




delaware river and bay authority



															phone:
								
1-855-fly-ilg5


															email:
								
flyilg@drba.net





links
public notices
civil rights
safety
tours
sitemap




© 2025 wilmington airport | fly ilg. delaware river and bay authority
























