










crown point camping area :: green mountains campground, perkinsville, vermont

















































 request your reservation online


reservations: (802) 263-5555





























home


activities


rates & reservations


site map & rules


directions & attractions


newsletter































come camp with us!





cabin rentals - three night minimum
fiber optic wifi now available
				


				crown point camping area is a family campground located in a beautifully level and mature pine plantation above the shores of stoughton pond, in the green mountains of central vermont. family owned and operated, crown point offers quiet family camping the way it should be, in a friendly environment with a perfect mixture of sun and shade on a blanket of pine needles. we offer both summer & winter camping fun.

				



































crown point camping area is a pet-friendly and kid-friendly vermont campground!





				in our summer season – from may 1 thru october 13, 2025 – we 
				offer full hook-up sites, water/electric sites and tent sites, 
				weekly activities, and a full range of amenities. winter camping 
				is available on a monthly or seasonal basis – from december 1st 
				thru march 31st. we offer direct access from the campground to 
				the vast trail network and some of vermont’s best snowmobiling.
				


the new crown point lagoon is now open for your swimming pleasure!


a few of our amenities & features


full hook-up sites
water & electric sitespull-thru sites
30-amp electric
tent sites
summer and winter seasonal siteswi-fi available ($)
three clean, full-facility bathhouses
				laundry (open from office opening to 8:00 pm)
dump station
playground
shuffleboard
horseshoes
basketball
mini-golf
fishing
boat launch
canoeing
				kayaking
hiking
mountain biking
planned weekend activities
planned children’s activities
theme weekends
bingo
potluck dinners
weekend bbq’s
ice cream socials
saturday night bonfires
camp store
firewood
lp gas
ice
ice cream
direct access to vast snowmobile trail network
				


many great improvements are currently underway within the park, and we invite you to reserve your space for a weekend, week, or the entire season. explore all that vermont has to offer from your central camping location at crown point!				















crown point camping area







131 bishop camp road, perkinsville, vt 05151
(802) 263-5555
info@crownpointcampingarea.com


business hours:
sunday 10:00am to 4:00pmmonday - thursday 11:00am to 4:00pm
friday & saturday 10:00am to 7:00pm
please note that there is a convenience fee of 3.5% added to all credit/debit card transactions.















©  crown point camping area.


accessibility statement | privacy statement









































