






new england demand response initiative



































teknalight 7




the
new england demand response initiative ('nedri') was created  to develop a
comprehensive, coordinated set of demand response programs for the new england
regional power markets. nedri’s goal was to outline workable market rules,
public policies, and regulatory criteria to incorporate customer-based demand
response resources  into new england’s the electricity markets and power
systems.  the initiative promoted best practices and coordinated policy
initiatives, but was not intended to replace the functions that the iso and
other organizations must perform to design and implement demand-side programs.
the initiative studied a full range of demand response (dr) resource options,
including short-term price-responsive load, retail pricing and metering
strategies, reliability-driven dr, and longer-term energy efficiency
investments.nedri was a broad-based, facilitated process that involved
the region's iso, state  and federal utility and environmental regulators,
power generators and marketers, utilities, consumer and environmental advocates,
and other stakeholder groups(see membership).the
project was a joint project of the 
regulatory assistance project, which managed the technical consulting effort and raab associates, ltd,
which managed the stakeholder process. rap has provided expert technical
assistance and regulatory advice to regulators and other stakeholders throughout
the us and internationally. raab associates is a leader in designing and
facilitating stakeholder processes on energy, environmental, and regulatory
issues.nedri was funded by us epa, us doe, iso-new england, the new york
iso, and the energy foundation.nedri met for 19 days in plenary session
in 2002 and the first half of 2003 (see schedule).
working groups met at various junctures to
develop proposals for review in plenary sessions.  in september 2002, nedri
and ferc jointly convened a national workshop on dr resources and policy
options, with a focus on the practical needs of dr providers and end-sue
customers. throughout the process, a team of highly-skilled technical
consultants provided the stakeholders with
scoping papers, draft program designs, meeting summaries and agendas, and a
final report at the end of the process  (see documents).
click here to download the final nedri report  including 38 major
recommendations for incorporating demand response in retail and wholesale
markets.
contact the lead facilitator, jonathan
raab at raab associates, or nedri policy director richardcowart
at rap regarding the nedri process and its results.





 













        copyright
        © 2002 raab associates, ltd. & regulatory assistance project
        

 






