



  cb electronics - specialists in studio monitor controllers, timecode, biphase, serial control and remote control












































post production solutions
specialists in studio monitor controllers, timecode, biphase, serial control and remote control







	news: 
	new website now online!
	















	    	       check out our new website (www.cbelectronics.co.uk)
	  








tmc-1studio monitor remote
		





tmc-1-s6studio monitor remote
		





pd3film monitor remote
		





pd1 and pd1-s6
		





colin's blog
			







a-mon 7.1 monitoring
		





i-mon 7.1.2/7.1.4/9.1.2/9.1.4 monitoring
		





xpand expansion for atmos/auro
		





tc-5
		





rm-6
		







tmc-1 studio monitor controlleratmos, 7.1, 5.1, and stereo
		




usb422 approved by avid
		





tc-6
		





ur-422 remotes
		




 
rom update
		








facebook
		





tft-422
			



















subscribe to our mailing list









	colin broad boxes interface between old and new technology


mike thornton - pro tools expert

cb electronics have been very clever in producing one monitor controller
		that can control any of the following units.


    avid x-mon monitor controller

    cb electronics a-mon monitor controller

    trinnov d-mon monitor controller

    ntp-dad ax32 monitor controller

    avid mtrx monitor controller

he describes the tmc-1 as a large console monitor system without the large console, which fits very well with the trend
away form large consoles that we are seeing in our industry.


rob james
"the man behind cb electronics is the charismatic colin broad. colin who? for years, the film and broadcast community
	have relied on colin broad's expertise to solve a range of problems in the area of machine and system control.
	in fact, you would have to search hard to find a uk film dubbing theatre without at least one of his products,
	known to all and sundry as 'broad boxes'. they are also a common sight in dubbing theatres across the world.
	because big film dubbing theatre requirements are so complex most of the previous products have tended to
	involve a degree of customisation to suit individual requirements".



achievements

		in 1994 colin broad (cb electronics) received an
		
		academy of motion picture arts and sciences
		technical achievement award in the category of sound
		for the design and development of
		
		edl (edit decision lister)
		which creates encoded timecode track and database
		during the initial transfer of the production sound "dailies".

		in 1994 colin broad was awarded the bksts phil berkley award for his work in video post production.

		in 1996 colin broad (cb electronics) received the satis-fecit for the
		sr-4.

		in 2010 colin broad was made a

		fellow of the association of motion picture sound (amps).

		in 2016 colin broad was awarded the association of motion picture sound
		exceptional contribution award.



our product range or new products













for further information on any of our products please contact:
            
cb electronics 
tel: +44 (0)118 9320345


or email support
mail loddonside, lands end house

beggars hill road

charvil

berks rg10 0ud
uk 





























page maintained by daniel, and colin, 
copyright ©1998-2012 cb electronics. created: 26/05/98

url http://www.colinbroad.com/



