



 


exclusive wedding venue | the english manor | ocean, nj































































 


















 
732-776-8558





 
info@theenglishmanor.com














facebook
 



instagram
 



pinterest
 
















 









about us
regal reception
gallery
real em couples
contact
blog
 

 

about us
regal reception
gallery
real em couples
contact
blog
 














the english manor is currently under construction! secure your pre-construction prices today. 













 










welcome to the 



english manor 



-a one wedding at a time estate with a blend of traditions and trends- 






schedule a visit

























 







one wedding at a time 











									the english manor is where you can celebrate the most important day of your life at a place that makes you feel like “home.” enjoy the ambiance of our newly renovated ballroom, superb cuisine, and the most professional service.								






special features

















 






 










who we are 











our mission is to create a wonderful experience for every couple who are beginning a new journey together by utilizing our private garden estate that is rich with traditions while still delivering on the most recent trends. 






view gallery





























amenities 














 
on site ceremony (indoor or outdoor)



 
panoramic & picturesque gardens



 
outdoor cocktail hour



 
wedding suite



 
floor to ceiling windowsin our grand ballroom



 
intimate & romantic ambiance 



 
wheel chair accessible



 
located 2 miles from the asbury beach & boardwalk



 
state of the art surround sound system



 
uplighting














 


















 






 





this speaks for itself 
















where to begin about this incredible place. from planning to even after the wedding. marlyn (our maitre’d) was amazing! the tour was done by someone else but once we connected and started actually planning with marlyn it was a super easy and stress free process. marlyn offered her expertise and eased any concerns we had. planning a wedding yourself is a lot, but so so worth it.

read more



kara & cameron







































i cannot begin to express how incredible our experience at the english manor was. from start to finish, everything was absolutely perfect. the venue itself is stunning. we looked at over 10 venues and after stepping inside of the english manor, we knew this is where we wanted to start our beginning. the staff went above and beyond to make sure every detail was taken care of, and we felt so well-supported throughout the entire process. 

read more



erin & matthew

















i had such an amazing experience having my wedding at the english manor! the gardens were gorgeous we didn’t even need to decorate! cocktail hour was amazing, the food was the die for ! marlyn was my coordinator and she was absolutely exceptional! she was by my side helping the entire process and i couldn’t have asked for a better day!! 10/10 recommend! if i could rate higher than 5 stars i would!

read more




jessica & jake







































our wedding at the english manor was nothing short of spectacular! from start to finish, the experience was seamless, and we couldn’t have asked for a more perfect day.

the team at the english manor was incredibly professional and attentive to every detail, specifically our planner marlyn . from our initial consultation to the final farewell, they made sure our vision was brought to life. we were fully able to focus on enjoying the day without worrying about logistics. everything was beautifully coordinated, from the stunning décor to the delicious catering. everyone is still raving about the food!

read more



bethany & nicholas

















there are not enough words to truly describe how incredible the english manor is as a venue. we knew we felt at home the first time toured. down to the last detail, marlyn was extremely attentive and helpful in all aspects of our day. she was extremely organized and made us feel confident in putting our day in her hands from our first meetings to walking down the aisle. they were also very understanding and accommodating of our needs for accessibility, and had a solution for every question or detail that came up. 

read more



sarah & bradley







































the english manor was everything we wanted in a wedding venue and more. the grounds were perfect for pictures. the green backgrounds, colorful flowers, and beautiful barn door was everything that i was looking for. the food at the cocktail hour was a huge hit. we still have friends and family today talking about how great the food was and how the choices were endless at cocktail hour. 

read more



katie & chris






















 






 





this speaks for itself 
















my husband and i just got married yesterday and i felt so compelled to write our review asap. our entire experience from the second we walked in 11 months before our wedding date was incredible. we had the privilege of working with a few different ladies through the planning process and they were each so helpful with all of my silly questions and concerns. as our wedding day approached we were absolutely blessed to meet and work with our maître d, kristi.

read more



jill & ryan
1/19/2020







































my husband and i got married at the english manor on 12/7/2019 and we cannot say enough great things about our experience. from the day we booked the venue (18 months ahead of time), until the day of our wedding, the service was incredible! there are a lot of horror stories out there about planning a wedding and everyone at the english manor made it the easiest and smoothest process for us!

read more



natalie & nico
12/7/2019

























refined menu 











we feature an eclectic menu with ingredients of only the highest quality to impress even the most refined palate.
check out our menu:the regal wedding reception 






menu















 













 






 















giving back 











the english manor is dedicated to giving back to the local community by donating any excess food to the center in asbury park, nj, a volunteer based new jersey not-for-profit service organization, providing support services for people living with hiv/aids and their caregivers. 



 



















under the soft glow of the moonlit lamppost, in th
 





as you walk down the bridge, each step is a promis


 





in the garden of love, like hydrangeas in bloom, a
 





how sweet it is to be loved by you…

#gardenwedd
 





unforgettable first-look moment.…

“i’ve wai
 





“and so, surrounded by the beauty of nature, the
 


 


load more...






 follow on instagram




















links 















 
about us





 
regal reception





 
photo gallery





 
real em couples





 
contact us















our location 














 
1 english lane ocean, new jersey 07712




 
732-776-8558





 
info@theenglishmanor.com















									copyright © 2025  all rights reserved								





























