































multi-wall | signode















skip to main content







menuclose







                    news
                



                    events
                



                    careers
                



careers americas




careers emea






                    contact us
                



                    locations
                









 search





 



the site navigation utilizes arrow, enter, escape, and space bar key commands. left and right arrows move across top level links and expand / close menus in sub levels. up and down arrows will open main level menus and toggle through sub tier links. enter and space open menus and escape closes them as well. tab will move on to the next part of the site rather than go through menu items.





products




automation solutions




case packaging




custom protective packaging




protective




stapling systems




strapping systems




stretch systems






industries




metals




corrugated/paper




empty container




pharma




food




beverage




fiber & textile




construction




wood products




printing / mail




logistics & ecommerce




bagged products




general manufacturing & engineering






reliability services




parts




retrofits & upgrades






competences




about us




integrated end of line solutions




customer experience center




packaging lab




product showroom




reliability services university




factory acceptance testing






our brands




application stories






sustainability




twentyby30™




environment




social




governance










                    news
                



                    events
                



                    careers
                



careers americas




careers emea






                    contact us
                



                    locations
                


english - united states





 








signode


our brands


multi-wall










multi-wall™custom protective packaging solutionsmulti-wall’s comprehensive line of protective packaging products provide a cost-effective solution for transportation dunnage, inner and outer product protection as well as the structural foundation for unitized goods. our products are constructed with lightweight materials that are highly resistant to shock, providing strength and durability throughout the distribution cycle. in addition to being sustainable and cost-effective, we are available with special customization to meet customer-specific applications, from special designs to surface finishes.






cost-effectivesolutionlightweight materials help to simplify handling and reduce freight costs




qualitycontrolin-house ista-certified lab simulates the rigors of shipping and handling




highlysustainableproducts made using renewable resources that are 100% recyclable




fullycustomizablecustomized products designed specifically for customer applications









about multi-wallmulti-wall is a brand of signode, a leading manufacturer of strap, stretch, and protective packaging consumables, tools and equipment. signode’s well-known, trusted product portfolio and brands provide customers with expertise in every part of the end-of-line packaging process, providing businesses with packaging solutions to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their packaging system operations.for more than eighty years, multi-wall protective packaging have been custom designed and manufactured for customers. as a recognized brand leader in the industry, we've had a history of growth through product innovation, unsurpassed design and superior customer service. our protective packaging prioritizes creating a greener world through energy efficient practices and procedures in our plants, as well as in our manufacturing process. from using renewable resources that are biodegradable, non-toxic and 100% recyclable to sharing their best practices through their corporate network, the multi-wall brand of products continues to be innovative, while inspiring others to integrate sustainability into their own production practices. 




manufacturing facilities





















custom-designed solutionsmulti-wall’s ista certified lab and design center simulates the rigors of shipping and handling, helping products meet applicable transport packaging standards. our in-house design solutions team utilizes their years of knowledge, industry insight and comprehensive product line to develop packaging solutions that reduce costs and damages for our customers.







products







angle pads
angle pads are resilient edge
protectors designed to absorb
impacts and cushion unprotected
corners in transit and handling.
see more







flex pads
flex pads have a special pre-flexed design. this allows a stiff 90-degree pad to wrap around curved items, ideal for oval, circular, or octagonal shapes.
see more







sus-rap®
sus-rap is a unique suspension
solution that firmly suspends
products, cushioning them from
shocks for optimal protection.
see more







corrupad®
corrupad uses a special method to make angle, channel, and flat pads. these pads provide stacking strength, cushioning, and shock absorption.
see more







flat pads
flat pads serve well for blocking, bracing, filling voids, and spacing. they offer an excellent substitute for eps foam blocks or cellular paper.
see more







build-up pads
build-up pads offer cushioning, crush
resistance, and void fill protection.
see more







frame packs
frame packs safeguard the edges and corners of products. they feature a 90-degree angle with notches, forming a robust unit that provides protection of finished items.
see more







honeycomb packaging
honeycomb is a durable, highstrength
packaging material made
from custom-engineered kraft
paper. it is stronger than corrugated
cardboard and less expensive than
wood, providing excellent shock
resistance.
see more







paper pallets
paper pallets, constructed from corrugated, honeycomb, or a combination of both, are ideal for one-way shipping applications. they are adaptable to different dimensions and designs and are nearly 75% lighter than wood or plastic.
see more







pyramid pads
pyramid pads offer robust protection for corners, essential when exact carton clearances and high compression strength are necessary.
see more







sus-pak®
sus-pak® provides a full packaging solution, including internal sus-rap® protection. the outer box has built-in strapping slots and a strapping mechanism.
see more







u-channel pads
u-channel pads designed to fit around product edges, helping to protect the top, bottom, and outside edges from damage.
see more









welcome to the signode website!


signode industrial group has been rebranded as signode.  we are now bringing all of our global products and solutions together with new branding and a new website.

please explore the new signode.com which now showcases all the products, services, and solutions that signode has to offer.



to enhance your site experience additional languages will be translated and added soon.  if you need signode information in a different language, try one of our country-specific websites.


choose your language

english - united states
english - europe (united kingdom)
french - france
german - germany
malay - malaysia
portuguese - brazil
spanish - spain
thai - thailand
english - australia
english - new zealand
english - india
mandarin - chinese 
dutch - netherlands
korea - korean
spanish - united states
english - canada
dutch - belgium
french - belgium
english - republic of ireland
spanish - mexico









continue to site














signode industrial group llc hidden river corporate center two14025 riveredge drivesuite 500tampa, florida 33637
1-800-323-2464
transit packaging division of crown holdings, inc





industries


products


customer experience center


solutions


brands


suppliers


governance


news






events


about us


application stories


careers


contact us


locations


patents





follow us







cookies policy


privacy


health care transparency


accessibility


terms & conditions of website use


cookie settings



©  signode industrial group llc














