




 m.c. ginsberg


























































































































 (0)




menumenuour storywedding & engagement

 
engagement rings
wedding bands
 

services

 
repair & restoration
custom design
 

jewelry

 
all jewelry
bracelets
earrings
necklaces
rings
watches
gemstones
men’s jewelry
hawkeye
iowa wave
sale
 

designersblogcontact 









objects of art
“on a body that i love are cherished stories about a lifetime of fun and love and laughter…i’ve never thought of my jewelry as trophies. i’m here to take care of it and to love it, for we are temporary custodians of beauty where desire defies reason.”
–mark ginsberg








shop 



wedding & engagement
from engagement rings to wedding bands, all the glimmer and sparkle you want for your big day can be found here!






shop 



jewelry
search our selection of fine jewelry for any occasion. discover silver earrings, gold bracelets, classic pearls, hawkeye and diamond necklaces and much more.






learn more 



repair & restoration
we provide restoration and repair on most jewelry and objects of art.







create an extraordinary engagement
“as a material device to mark an emotional or spiritual bond, or a symbol, the design of this ostensibly simple ornamental object has always reflected and subtly revealed its special meaning, to the point where ring design approaches the level of sculpture or high art for our most intimate spaces.”
-mark ginsberg
shop engagement  expert tips 






custom jewelry design
do you have a jewelry design you’ve always dreamed of creating? we provide advanced design and manufacturing with three dimensional modeling, wax milling, rapid prototyping, induction thermal and vacuum casting, and fabrication services to bring you fully integrated jewelry design capabilities.
make an appointment 








featured designers
explore our collections.








shop collection 



lagos
since 1977, lagos has been a pioneer in fine jewelry, combining precious materials and expert craftsmanship to offer modern, iconic styles. 






shop collection 



mark patterson
the mark patterson team of artisans meticulously hand craft from start to finish each piece of jewelry under the discerning eyes of mark and josette.






shop collection 



roberto coin
each piece, by roberto coin, is the result of a thorough process, a journey among different cultures and multi-ethnic influences, through the world of nature, between echoes of the past and future projections. the capability to transfer the most varied experiences, dreams and perspectives into the jewels, characterizes the brand’s collections with an unmistakable mark of identity and uniqueness.






shop collection 



sylvie
sylvie’s collections are personal and reflect her commitment to always using ethical sources while offering endless options. the beauty and passion sylvie views around her is reflected in all of her engagement ring designs and she draws inspiration from creating customizable options as endless as the love shared by those who inspire it. sylvie believes that “beauty should have no boundaries, and you should never have to sacrifice when choosing your diamond engagement ring.”






shop collection 



platinum born
beginning in the stars, specifically, with meteorites that fell to earth, carrying inside them the metal we would one day call platinum.
this treasure lay deep beneath the surface for billions of years, until humans first discovered the precious ore in parts of south america, south africa and north america.
fast forward to 2017, and a new chapter begins, with a unique vision: to transform this extraordinary material into fine jewelry that reflects both its own inherent beauty, and the effortless elegance of the modern woman.











expert guidance
since 1985 we have provided bridal, custom jewelry, and advanced design/manufacturing.


faqs & how-to’s
check out our blog to for tips, news and information.


repair & restoration
restoration and repair on most jewelry and objects of art.


contact
contact us to make an appointment.














110 east washington street, iowa city, iowa 52240



(319) 351-1700


info@mcginsberg.com





 
 
 







						© 2025  m.c. ginsberg						· admin
												 · site by creative mellen / big imprint













 


