





harlem week 50th – celebrate the journey































skip to content



toggle navigationhomeaboutour sponsorswatchreplayflashbackshopmerch storeforever harlemsupport
 





harlem week homeadmin2024-10-08t19:58:22+00:00 
your content goes here
replay

















see what you missedharlem weekharlem week began in the summer of 1974 as a “one-time only,” one-day event (harlem day) with the huge objective of creating a much-needed “positive vibe” and pulling the greater harlem community’s residents, businesses, religious, educational, arts and cultural institutions out of the most severe economic and social doldrums that new york city and the nation had faced in generations.
learn moreget involved in
harlem week 2024be a part of history.
sponsorship
partnering with harlem week 2024 will provide your brand/or company with socially relevant, educational, informational, and powerful experiences. for information on how you can partner with harlem week.
learn moreexhibitor
we provide opportunities to exhibit during harlem week for individuals, entrepreneurs, small businesses, and larger companies to sell products, goods, and services and provide information and promote directly to the attendees of harlem week.
learn moremodel castingdiscover your path to the runway and beyond—unleash your unique beauty and talent at our fashion shows. sign up to our premier model casting below.learn moreintership/ scholarship
harlem week offers exceptional high school and college students the opportunity to make important contributions as an intern with harlem week. inc., as well as working with some of our key partners.
learn more discover harlem’s amazing history
in forever harlem
as one of the country’s best-known neighborhoods, new york city’s harlem area has a rich history that has impacted countless americans. while best known as a center of african-american culture, harlem has also been home to irishmen, italians, jews, and several other ethnic groups. in forever harlem, new york’s hometown newspaper combines its vast archives with the resources of the uptown chamber of commerce to provide an informative and rich visual history of harlem. readers will see images and stories from harlem’s beginnings as a destination for european immigrants of many cultures, through to the harlem renaissance of the 1920’s, and on into the current growth and development of manhattan’s hottest new place to live. included are profiles of harlemites as diverse as al pacino, burt lancaster, willie mays, harry houdini, and president dwight eisenhower. special attention is also given to harlem’s rich history in music and entertainment.
learn moreshop our merch store



 
 
harlem week 2024


 
 
page load link








go to top




