





texas moratorium network | working against the texas death penalty


































































texas moratorium networkworking against the texas death penalty



home
about us
quick facts
save jeff wood
todd willingham
annual march
donate
contact
 












 exonerees leading march to abolish the death penalty death row exonerees gary drinkard, ron keine and shujaa graham leading the 2010 march to abolish the death penalty. marchforabolition.org 







 






upcoming executionsclick for a list of upcoming scheduled executions in texas.  innocencethe death penalty puts innocent people at risk of execution.  todd willinghamtodd willingham was wrongfully executed under governor rick perry on february 17, 2004.  

 




senator sarah eckhardt files bill to abolish death penalty
by texas moratorium network on january 21, 2023  · add comment · in legislature, senator sarah eckhardt  a state senator we wrote asking to file a bill to abolish the death penalty has filed a bill to abolish the death penalty. so, we have a senate sponsor of the bill to abolish the death penalty! you can read sb 516 by senator sarah eckhardt of austin here:
thank you, senator eckhardt! we look forward to a first-time ever senate committee hearing to completely abolish the death penalty. there has never been a committee hearing in the senate on a bill to abolish the death penalty.
 
 
 
 
 
share this:facebooktwittergoogleemailprintlike this:like loading...bill to abolish death penalty filed in 2023 texas legislature
by texas moratorium network on december 24, 2022  · add comment · in legislature  
rep harold dutton of houston has filed a bill for the 2023 texas regular legislative session to abolish the death penalty in texas (hb 918). he has also filed a separate bill, hb 929, that would ban executions for people convicted under the law of parties, such as in the case of jeff wood.





share this:facebooktwittergoogleemailprintlike this:like loading...rodrick and sandra reed to speak at march to abolish the death penalty
by texas moratorium network on october 12, 2022  · add comment · in uncategorized  
23rd annual march to abolish the death penalty is oct 22, 2022 at 2pm in austin on the south steps of the texas capitol, speakers include rodrick reed and sandra reed, brother and mother of rodney reed. they were both in washington d.c. october 10, 2022 for a hearing at the u.s. supreme court on rodney’s case.
 
rodney reed pleads before u.s. supreme court for dna testing that might establish his

share this:facebooktwittergoogleemailprintlike this:like loading...sara hickman to perform at 23rd annual march to abolish the death penalty
by texas moratorium network on september 29, 2022  · add comment · in march to abolish the death penalty  the 23rd annual march to abolish the death penalty is at 2 pm on october 22 in austin.
sara hickman has accepted an invitation to perform at the event. she was invited by terri been, the sister of jeff wood. jeff is on death row under the law of parties for a murder he did not commit. newrest funeral
http://www.sarahickman.com/
share this:facebooktwittergoogleemailprintlike this:like loading...23rd annual march to abolish the death penalty oct 22, 2022 in austin texas
by texas moratorium network on june 24, 2022  · add comment · in uncategorized  



the 23rd annual march to abolish the death penalty will be held in austin, texas on saturday, october 22, 2022 at 2pm at the texas capitol.



 


 

share this:facebooktwittergoogleemailprintlike this:like loading...


page 1 of 35812345...102030...»last »
 




 texas moratorium network (tmn) is a non-profit organization with the primary goal of mobilizing statewide support for a moratorium on executions in texas. significant death penalty reform in texas, including a moratorium on executions, is a viable goal if the public is educated on the death penalty system and is encouraged to contact their elected representatives to urge passage of moratorium legislation.

we hope that you will join us in this fight for fairness and social justice.please join our email list and become one of the more than 20,000 people receiving information through our network. 





 






 
 



 


unknown twitter error.  — stopexecutions 






 



















 




send to email address

your name

your email address




cancel

				post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				email check failed, please try again			

				sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			




%d bloggers like this:




