




billy rei singer's blog



















































menu
close




billy rei singer's blog

a usc researcher's personal journey


















november 19, 2021

how a credit builder card can help you build credit


a chime credit builder offers an easy way to build credit. there is no cost to you. no fees. there are no ongoing monthly fees.

no annual fees. a one time set-up fee with no ongoing monthly fees. you can use any of your remaining unused credit builder deposits to pay off your balance every month. no credit check required to apply.
how do you start? it’s simple too. you can get a free secure card from any of these providers and make timely payments to the account. the secured card provider will issue a verification letter showing that your payments are made on time and in full. include any fees that may have been charged by your financial institution.
what else can you do using a chime credit builder. yes, that’s right. you can even improve your credit score! this is possible because applets who work with this program use a special technology that allows them gather valuable information about your financial picture. once this information is gathered, you’ll be sent important details about your credit score, savings rate, current debt levels, etc.
this application is more valuable than other credit-building options, as you can see. some issuers will simply add the fees on to your monthly statement without telling you. the applet gives you detailed information about all transactions made with the metal card. in fact, it is possible to monitor all of your transactions in one place, so you’ll always be able to keep an eye on your spending.
as you can see, there are many benefits of chime credit builder beyond just being able to build your credit cards faster. these cards can be life-saver for some people. if you’ve ever found yourself in financial trouble, you probably know how frustrating it can be to fall behind on payments. even if your payments are on time, sometimes you forget. you don’t want to get in trouble with your credit cards.
you can avoid financial trouble by using a professional service such as chime credit builder. there are pros and cons to every situation, but sometimes it just comes down to trusting your financial situation to a third party. chime offers a free trial that allows you to test the program for a few month to see if it works for you. even if it doesn’t work out right now, you’re still able to give the system a try before you decide to continue. these services can often help you avoid financial trouble in the long-term.
with chime, you don’t have to worry about having to pay any fees. they don’t charge any additional fees for using their service. this means you won’t be charged for receiving credit report reports, setting up an account, or even money for making payments. the fact that you won’t be billed also makes it easier to budget your spending so that you won’t end up with a lot of bills in a short period of time. you can also get detailed information on all the spending that occurred under each account so you know exactly what you need to do going forward.
you won’t have to worry about your spending habits being a problem and you won’t be denied a secured credit card. there are still people who can get credit cards, even if they have no collateral or a job. most people who are denied credit cards don’t have a good reason. sometimes they don’t even understand why they are denied. with this program, you can be confident that you’ll always qualify for a card, no matter your credit history. many people have found that chime credit work has helped them get new cards even though they had previously missed several applications.
if you’re worried about your score, you should know that a good chunk of your score is made up of your debt to credit ratio. if you have a high number, it can mean higher fees and lower credit limits for those who apply for cards. however, a low number can mean you have a solid history of making payments and building credit, which makes it easier to qualify for new items or to refinance an existing account. this is a safe way of building credit. you can use it whether you are interested in applying for new credit or just checking to make sure you don’t miss any payments on your existing account.
even if your credit score is good, you might want to upgrade to a secured account balance. this can increase your credit score and improve your overall score. there are many options when it comes to securing a card. make sure you do your research. once you have been approved, you can apply immediately for a secured card and transfer your balance from an unsecure to secured account. the chime credit building cards can help you build a solid credit history, so you can apply for more after you have built it.






august 5, 2021

best auto insurance companies – finding the right company can lower your rates


you want to find the best auto insurance companies for your car insurance coverage needs. with hundreds of options out there, you will want to know which companies can provide you with the best prices on car insurance. every state has a minimum amount of coverage that you must carry, so it is important that you find the best auto insurance companies to meet that minimum. in order to get the best prices, you need to know how the system works.

every state has a minimum amount of coverage that you must carry as a driver. the best car insurance companies will offer discounts for different things. for example, if you have a clean driving record, or if you are younger than 21 years old, you can usually get discounts on your premiums. there are many other factors that can determine your premiums. if you want to know how to lower your premiums, you need to find out what the best auto insurance companies offer for discounts.
to find out how the best auto insurance companies treat their customers, it is important to look at how they operate. one way to do this is to read consumer reports about them. consumer reports can tell you how satisfied their customers are with the quality of service and how easy the claims process is from them. in addition to this, it can show you how satisfied other people are with the company’s performance. consumer reports can also provide you with information on how satisfied their neighbors and coworkers are with the company’s performance.
after you know how they treat their customers and the way they treat those people who don’t buy insurance from them, you can start to learn about how the best auto insurance companies give discounts to different classes of drivers. one way of finding out if a company gives special discounts to certain drivers is to check out their customer satisfaction surveys. a lot of times, an insurance company will conduct a survey and question a large number of people about their satisfaction with their insurance policies. these surveys can help an insurer learn which types of drivers it tends to give special discounts to.
there are different classes of drivers that receive different discounts from insurance companies. for example, if you have a good driving record, you will tend to get better rates from insurers than someone who has an accident history or who has a poor driving record. there are many factors that determine how much car insurance a person should pay. factors such as your age, sex, where you live, your driving experience, the type and size of car you drive, and the level of coverage you want to purchase can all affect how much you pay for insurance.
another way to find out how much insurers discount drivers for good grades is by asking how much a driver’s license they need in order to obtain insurance. some states require drivers to maintain a minimum grade b license in order to purchase coverage, so a driver with only a grade c or d license will be expected to pay higher rates. this is because drivers with lower grades have a lower chance of being involved in a traffic accident. insurance companies don’t make a distinction between drivers with good grades versus drivers with poor grades. if a driver doesn’t have to have a license to get insurance, it is wise to avoid purchasing coverage unless it is required by law.
the last way to save money on your auto policy is to purchase no-fault auto insurance. this is the least expensive type of coverage, but it does not protect against damage caused by vandalism, theft, or collision. instead, it protects against losses that you cause to another person or vehicle. this means, for example, that if you hit someone with your vehicle, no-fault coverage will not pay for any medical bills or damages. this may be fine for you if you only hit someone once, but if you hit someone with your car at least twice, you could be facing substantial expenses due to the injuries they sustained.
regardless, of which coverage you decide on, there are ways to make savings. if you purchase your coverage online, you can often take advantage of a multiple quote feature, which allows you to compare rates from competing companies. you can also make use of a liability only policy, which limits the amount of money that you will have to pay for personal injury claims, without limiting the number of times that you may file a claim. by keeping these four areas in mind when comparing insurance quotes, you can expect to end up with the best coverage at the best rates.






july 2, 2020

how to play solitaire for cash – how to start playing online for free


if you want to know how to play solitaire for cash, the first thing you will need is a computer with an internet connection. there are many options of websites that are geared toward helping those who are interested in playing this game for money.

for beginners, this can be a great way to learn about basic computer skills. in addition, it is possible to earn some extra money by offering your expertise as a solitaire player to the general public. you can either sell solitaire games for other people or you can develop your own personal product.
before you start earning, it is always a good idea to check with the better business bureau about any claims made in online marketing or sales. as long as they meet the requirements set forth by the law, these claims can be legally allowed. another tip is to check with your friends and family about which games they enjoy the most. find out what types of games appeal to them.
once you have found some solitaire games that you like, you are ready to start learning how to play solitaire for cash. start by learning all the basic rules, the most commonly used strategies and techniques and even about money and how to handle it.
one of the best ways to learn this game is by playing it online. you will not only learn how to play the game but also become familiar with the different games that are available for play. the more you play, the more familiar you will become with the rules and strategies involved. this will help you to choose games that are easier to play than those that will take a lot of time to master.
once you have mastered the basic rules and techniques associated with solitaire, you can then move onto learning some of the advanced techniques and strategies. when you first begin to learn about playing this game for cash, you will want to know the basics in order to make sure you are making the right choices when it comes to picking up extra tips or hints. with the knowledge of these basics, you can then continue to learn other strategies and techniques to make playing this game for cash more enjoyable.
there are many different kinds of games to pick from and you may find that you like a few of them. try to select one or two so you will always have something to play with at all times.
once you are familiar with the basic rules, you can then continue to explore the different websites that offer solitaire for cash and see what the different ones have to offer you. you will quickly learn how to play this game for cash with ease. you will soon find that you have all of the knowledge you need to master this addictive activity and make it your business.
the most important things to remember when you are playing this game for cash include paying attention to your budget and not spending more money than you can afford to lose. you want to play the game as often as you can to get the most out of your time. it is important to set limits on your spending and stick to it.
you should also never spend more money than you can afford to loose. when you are looking for solitaire for cash, you will be able to find a wide variety of games that can be played for less than $20 a session. for a beginner, you can play a simple game or a very easy strategy that is easy for you to master in just a short amount of time.
the good news about this game is that there are plenty of free games that you can try out. these games offer you a great way to get into this activity without having to risk money. you will also be able to find plenty of different strategies and techniques that you can use to maximize your winnings.
many of the free solitaire games will only give you a limited amount of time to practice and try out their games before you decide which ones are right for you. this is just another way to get used to playing this game. you can learn the basics of this game so you will be better able to handle the game and increase your chances of winning.






january 30, 2020

the unusual secret of dating sites for vegans


vegetarian dating is the main internet vegan dating site with several people from the vegetarian community. it’s known as one of the very vegetarian or vegan dating app on earth. for some individuals who might struggle to fulfill prospective dates, online dating sites can expand their choices. registration is absolutely free, and in a few of minutes you’ll have access to a database of several thousands of individuals from all over the world. membership is the most effective for selecting a bit more long term relationships. factors like the words 100% completely free on-line community where you may. if you’re passionate about animal rights, green troubles, moral living, or all the above mentioned, and you’d like to meet like minded individuals, this is the ideal place for you!
the website is totally free to join, and you may do a fast search before registering to see just how many different folks initially have everything you’re searching for in a spouse. here’s an array of websites which help those vegan sparks fly. official website, still involves needing to locate expert and then connect to satisfy actual. a relationship website should behave as a hunting tool, assisting you to locate people who you will enjoy, people just like you and share the exact interests, and shield you from scammers. the perfect veggie dating sites have to get a congregation of services to help you to find a great deal of prospective spouses. these dating sites assist their users easily connect with people therefore a user can discover right people and begin the significant relationship. you will see that if you find other vegans via internet dating sites you will immediately have a minumum of one center thing in common and that’s the best technique to genuinely begin finding the perfect mate for you.
luckily, but the net has a lot of vegan dating sites where like-minded plant eaters can search for every other out. internet dating is truly a lot of work. its fast and simple to join and its free!

new questions about dating sites for vegetarians
gain isn’t a motivation for me. as part of registering in the ceremony, you’ve got to define your ethical curiosity and state your preferred charity. continue reading for some pointers about what things to pay attention to, and just what you may anticipate from the encounter if you are new to the sphere of internet dating. by dating a vegetarian, you’re likely to have a chance to construct your connection shared interests. it’s not only strictly for relationship if you are seeking to acquire fun vegetarian experiences using a guy or girl, or you are in reality searching for somebody to settle down with, there are hundreds and hundreds of single vegans with this dating website.
as a vegetarian, then you merely want to dedicate time with a person who’s like you. obviously you stay independent women and men, but should you share so much of your life with someone it is reasonable that you must be emotionally and ethically on the exact same page. people from all around the world may join this dating website.
you’re bound to locate a greater quality there. lifestyle choices are just a small part of that package. use dating sites things receive a boyfriend or any websites in the social media sites programs to look for registration. if you have got a fairly specific idea about what you’d like to have in common with a romantic partner, niche websites such as these may be an immense aid. problems are certain to arise. the primary difference is that you don’t have to be concerned about where or where things to eat when it’s time to get a date as your vegan partner will already have a number of very good ideas in your mind.
vegan dating with vegetarian singles on the world wide web is truly not any different than other sorts of internet dating. vegan dating doesn’t have to be difficult when there’s an explosion of information on the internet that will help single folks to be no more. 9 vegan dating sites lots of vegans discover that once they transition into a vegan way of life, they wish to be with a person who’s passionate about the same things as them. veggie date this is among the earliest veggie dating sites you’ll be able to come across online.
being a vegetarian is a lifestyle that’s a conscious selection for a great deal of explanations. the decision to be a vegetarian needs to be admired and valued by somebody who shares similar views. at vegetarian dating on the internet you can meet different vegetarians that are single and seeking love. here are a couple of of the ideal vegan relationship apps that may introduce you to your prospective significant other, and, perhaps you’ll make some friends on the way!






november 29, 2019

the argument about the best deep fryer


the fryer has a cool touch exterior, and a basket that could be safely lowered into the oil with a grip so that you don’t need to touch the hot surface, and there’s a viewing window for you to keep a watch out for the evolution of your culinary delights. if you find yourself with a great fryer with exceptional capacity, you can fry something as large as the entire chicken in under an hour. in the end, if you’d like a high quality fryer that provides longer oil life and effortless cleaning, the tfal fr-8000 might be your very best bet. deep fryers take out all of the guesswork since it is possible to control the temperature. second, consider the qualities you would like your deep fryer to get. still, when you haven’t decided yet, we can help you select the greatest deep fryer for you. if you are hunting for the very best deep fryer for your house kitchen, t-fal fr8000 stainless steel immersion deep fryer is terrific.
finding the best deep fryer
if you wish to acquire a fryer with huge power capacity, you must want to devote a significant quantity of money in comparison to the smaller one. you can also locate fryers with a number of baskets so you may fry more than one kind of food at a minute. the deep fryer is among the simplest to use and is also simple to clean. the finest deep fryer provides the delicious food that you crave without costing a lot of money. best deep fryer that possess the basket will allow it to be simpler to remove the oil.
if you need a fryer with a compartment, take a look at the t-fal ultimate ez clean. finally, you will come across drop-in fryers that may be installed directly into your counter-tops. there are numerous things to take under account when you wish to own the very best fryer for home. the most effective deep fryer for home is also one that is simple to wash.
you need to decide on a fryer with greater power capacity, if you must fry a big quantity of food. if you’re a person who needs to prepare smaller food quantities, then you want to look at buying smaller fryers. every deep fryer differs. you only have to acquire a house electric deep fryer. because there are lots of distinct kinds of deep fryers out there for home usage, large and little fryers with a range of cooking features, there are a couple facts to think about before you buy one that is going to best fit your wants.
in case the fryer is used infrequently it’s ideal to keep the oil in the fridge to block it from becoming rancid. attempt to think of purchasing a new version of deep fryer if you haven’t already got one. a deep fryer isn’t a complicated appliance. deep fryers are a fairly common blower because they give a way to generate fried foods efficiently. you might be someone trying to find an electric deep fryer that will save you time. there are a great deal of deep fryers available on the market that among the best deep fryers is made for you. there are numerous electric deep fryers in the sector, but not all deep fryers are created equally, and picking the best one would be quite hard!
not all fryers provide exactly the same features and some can stand out than others. whenever you settle on which sort of deep fryer you want, you will need to consider a few different things. you can locate the most effective deep fryers in amazon for reasonable prices.
in the event your deep fryer doesn’t have an automatic thermostat, it is easy to buy one. some massive capacity deep fryers can be quite big and bulky, particularly for storing. assembling the deep fryer is fast and easy, as a result of the deep fryer includes a useful manual that is simple to read and follow. luckily, most deep fryers are made out of removable parts that are simple to wash, with non-stick surfaces, and a few are dishwasher safe. they have a simple dial control to adjust the temperature, but others have digital controls. they also permit you to reuse the same oil several times.
some fryers incorporate the trendy touch feature that may make sure a greater degree of safety. lastly, try to discover a nonstick interior to create your deep fryer a lot easier to wash. it’s essential that you use a very best deep fryer, not make your own because they can grow to be a burn and fire hazard. to assist you buy the perfect one, we’ve researched the best deep fryer out there in the market nowadays.







october 2, 2019

about the author examples: what readers want to know (and don’t)


congratulations, writer! if you’re reading this, it’s a safe assumption to say that you’ve probably made your way through your first (or second or even third) manuscript – and you’re almost ready to publish it. maybe you’re reading this and you have already published a few manuscripts, and you’re instead making your way to the promotional aspect for your book. 
whatever the case, it’s time to discuss about the author blurbs and pages. all author websites and most books – even many articles – have some form of an about the author section. this tells people more about the writer. 
when that’s you, writing your own about the author blurb can seem like a tall order. but it’s not nearly as hard as you imagine! 
here are some about the author examples and more information about what readers want to know about people (and don’t) when they read an about the author page or blurb.
a guideline for length
an about the author page on your website can be anything from 100 words through to 800. but blurbs or pages that appear at the back of published books or at the end of excerpts and articles tend to be a bit shorter – usually around 50 to 80 words instead. 
shorter blurbs still have to contain the essential information to answer the question, “who am i?”
good example #1:
john published his first novel “fire” at the age of 25. he’s always been interested in writing, nature trails, hunting and jogging. he achieved his journalism degree at yale. he lives in california with three dogs. this is his third book. 
why it’s good: 
the first example above is brief, concise and says everything that it needs to. even writers who don’t know anything about john will know that he has other books to look out for, that he spent time as a journalist, and that he has some other interests outside of writing. 
good example #2: 
john is a writer and blogger from san antonio, texas. his work has been published in magazines like good cooking and great desserts, and he runs his own cooking blog at personalcookingblog.com when he isn’t busy raising chickens on his farm.
why it’s good: 
again, the second example is brief, though still manages to say more or less everything a reader might wonder about. it can, of course, be fleshed out more – but it shows the basics of what a good writer’s blurb should look like. 
if you’re ready, we can move on to some worse examples of the same.
bad example #1:
john is a writer. he loves walks on the beach, typewriters, spending quality time with horses, pepperoni pizza, hot pockets and having fun. he loves writing, and he has published three books so far with a few more books on the way.
why it’s bad: 
the above example still tells us that john is a writer – but what kind of writer and why should the reader care? several sentences start with the same word several times in a row – he, he, he and he – and it tells us everything about john’s trivial likes and nothing about why he could be a good writer worth reading. 
bad example #2: 
john has written for three of of the world’s leading magazines about the internet. this is his third book of collected short stories. two of these books have been ny times best sellers. 
why it’s bad: 
there are several reasons why this one is a bad about the author page. first, let’s assume that it’s not true that john’s books were on the ny times list – never lie in a biography! also, it doesn’t mention what any of john’s “three books” are. and: it says the word “of” twice in a row – did you spot that? 













© 2025 billy rei singer's blog. all rights reserved.
theme by anders norén.










