




















wisdom quotes - wise quotes for wise people








































































wisdom quotes trending all quotes



skip to content
about
give us feedback
get the quote of the day
 

 







welcome to wisdom quotes
your place for quotes, wisdom, and inner peace.
we have been collecting the best quotes since 2004, one by one.
we hope you’ll enjoy them ✌️

latest quotes
aldous huxley quotes simone de beauvoir quotes john wooden quotes ayn rand quotes freedom quotes coaching quotes mindfulness quotes lao tzu quotes elon musk quotes albert einstein quotes naval ravikant quotes aesop quotes

your favorite topics

life quotes positive quotes short inspirational quotes

happiness quotes letting go quotes smile quotes

motivational quotes hard work quotes strength quotes 
relationship quotes love quotes kindness quotes 
sad quotes depression quotes mental health quotes 
education quotes learning quotes curiosity quotes
editor’s picks
               
what is wisdomquotes.com?

it’s a place to find quality quotes and inspiration.
it’s a place for calm, beauty, and simplicity.
it’s a place to become wiser and more peaceful.
i started collecting quotes in 2004 after the loss of a loved one.
after that, i began my quest to find the most inspiring quotes.
but most of all, i wanted to find some relief.
quotes became my guide.
i still use quotes daily as a way to think, learn, and grow.
so if you want, try it yourself. quotes are powerful.
they can change you, and your life, for the better.
thank you, maxime lagacé
do you want more inner peace than 95% of people?
subscribe to our daily wisdom quotes!
join 5000+ wise people already receiving it.
and you’ll get 1 daily quote, for free.











wisdom quotes
about contact maxime lagacé quotes free checklist quotes collection books quote websites privacy français free chrome extension


our mission
let's become wiser, together, one quote at a time.


social
amazon facebook pinterest youtube x maxime@wisdomquotes.com


quotes
life quotes short quotes positive quotes inner peace quotes happiness quotes quote of the day


back to top ▲



"to be happy, you don't need more stuff, you need more wisdom."


wisdom quotes

copyright © 2004-2024






















