 home - dentist in chelsea   
   skip to content

 
020 7584 9833


 
reception@walpolestreetdental.co.uk


 homeaboutabout usin the presspractice policiesservicesdental implantsinvisalignhygienistpreventativecosmeticcrown and bridgeperiodonticsendodonticssedationnervous patientsterilisationfaqgalleryteambook a courserefer a patientrefer a patientrreferral policyimplant referralperiodontal referralcontact
homeaboutabout usin the presspractice policiesservicesdental implantsinvisalignhygienistpreventativecosmeticcrown and bridgeperiodonticsendodonticssedationnervous patientsterilisationfaqgalleryteambook a courserefer a patientrefer a patientrreferral policyimplant referralperiodontal referralcontactplacing implants for over 25 yearsrefer your difficult cases to uscontact usgiven 1000s of patients happy smilemost respected name in implant dentistrycontact ustrained over 700 dentists on dental implantscontact us

services at the walpole street practice



 

dental implants						
replace missing teeth with dental implants. our
experienced dentist has given smiles to thousands of patients.


learn more



 

invisalign braces						
get your teeth straightened descreetly using invisalign braces. speak to us today about invisalign


learn more



 

crown and bridge						
we offer crown and bridge work with the latest
trios digital scanner (no more nauseous impressions!).


learn more



 

periodontics						
re-gaining good periodontal health is often accomplished through non-surgical periodontal treatment, including scaling
and root planing.


learn more



 

whitening						
a popular treatment because it is non-invasive
and harmless which works by lightening the shade of the teeth by varying
degrees.


learn more



 

nervous patients						
it is our aim to provide anxiety free dentistry,
so for very nervous patients we can offer iv sedation sessions at the
practice.


learn more

walpole street – a surgerysteeped in traditionthe walpole street practice is a dental surgery based inchelsea, london – just off the king’s road. dr edwin scher, owner and principle dentist, is a specialist in oral surgery and prosthodontics. he comes from a family of dentists – and is following in the footsteps of his grandfather, father and uncle who all practiced in cork, ireland. from dental implants to preventative dental work, the walpole street clinic offers a variety of services for all clients.the walpole street clinic offers dental training courses in a range of subjects. dentists can refer a patient to one of our specialists at the walpole street clinic.


read more



dentists wishing to refer a patient to one of our specialists, can
click the link below to find out all about referrals at the walpole street
dental practice.


refer to us

patient reviews
i am writing to express my deep gratitude and thanks to you for your
kindness, unparalleled experience and professional perfection. all your
staff were so kind and trustworthy enough to allow me be very comfortable
throughout all the procedures. i will certainly recommend your team to
everyone i know.
tiffany
thank you so much
eddie, for the superb work you have done on replacing my bridge and tooth. i
know i gave you a difficult task and i feel so blessed to have such a
dedicated and skilful dentist.
jean
just to say thank
you to you and all your wonderful team for the wonderful care and expertise
i received when getting my implant. despite my fears, from the front desk to
your nurses and colleagues everyone was so patient and professional. the
whole experience has left me a changed man! so thank you again.
james

special interest in dental
implants

walpole street – a surgery steeped in tradition						
the walpole street practice is a dental surgery based in chelsea, london –
just off the king’s road. dr edwin scher, owner and principle dentist, is
a specialist in oral surgery and prosthodontics.

dentists for three generations						
dr edwin scher, owner and principle dentist comes from a family of
dentists – and is following in the footsteps of his grandfather, father
and uncle who all practiced in cork, ireland.a surgery steeped in tradition

the walpole street practice is a dental surgery based in chelsea, london – just off the king’s road. dr edwin scher, owner and principle dentist, is a specialist in oral surgery and prosthodontics.he comes from a family of dentists – and is following in the footsteps of his grandfather, father and uncle who all practiced in cork, ireland.links


in the press

endodontics

periodontics

implants

nervous patient

privacy policy

cookie policy
opening hours

monday8.00 am – 5.00 pmtuesday8.00 am – 5.00 pmwednesday8.00 am – 5.00 pmthursday8.00 am – 5.00 pmfriday8.00 am – 4.00 pmsaturdayclosedsundayclosed


instagram
 

copyright by the walpole street dental practice. 
last updated: february, 2025
website by tdmc
 





