







lee strobel










































        
          
            lee strobel
          
        
      




















































            about
          

            books
          

            speaking
          

            contact
          
































































aboutbooksspeakingcontact





                
                  
                    lee strobel
                  
                
              











scroll






 











yes, god is real — and here’s the evidence.
lee’s highly accessible new book explores how science, history, and philosophy point powerfully toward the truth of christianity. let it deepen your faith – and give a copy to a spiritually curious friend! 



details & excerpt






 






colorado christian university and lee strobel are pleased to announce the lee strobel center for evangelism and applied apologetics. see press release.






 











is there evidence of life after death?
separating myth from biblical truth, follow new york times bestselling author lee strobel on this journey of discovery of the entirely credible, believable, and exhilarating life to come. 



learn more






 




    

now available in paperback

 











do miracles existnew york times bestselling author lee strobel trains his investigative sights on the hot-button issue of whether it’s credible to believe god intervenes supernaturally in people’s lives today. the book features the results of exclusive new scientific polling, and first-hand reports that show miracle accounts are much more common than people think.this provocative book starts with an unlikely interview in which america’s foremost skeptic builds a seemingly persuasive case against the miraculous. but then, strobel travels the country to quiz scholars to see whether they can offer solid answers to atheist objections. along the way, he encounters astounding accounts of healings and other phenomena that simply cannot be explained away by naturalistic causes.




    learn more
  

  


























 








aboutatheist-turned-christian lee strobel is the former award-winning legal editor of the chicago tribune and best-selling author of more than twenty books. his classic, the case for christ, is a perennial favorite which details his conversion to christianity.




    learn more
  



 booksfrom the acclaimed the case for christ to the encouraging how to survive a spiritual mismatch in marriage to the recent nonfiction book of the year, the case for grace, lee's books equip and encourage believers while respectfully challenging skeptics.




    learn more
  




speakinglee is a dynamic, personable speaker whose passion is most evident when he's face-to-face with people who are seeking truth. to inquire about bringing lee to your church, conference, or fundraiser, please submit your request here.




    learn more
  








home welcome



home announcement



home heaven



home miracles



home images



home stuff



























  © copyright 2021 lee strobel
 



© 2019 lee strobel


















