





da vinci designs tandems | performance handbuilt tandem bicycles | independent coasting drivetrain














































(303) 936-1241
info@davincitandems.com



facebook




instagram


 





facebook




instagram



 












home
about us

about da vinci
drivetrain
customer stories
faq


models

choosing a model
electric assist

tailwind e-assist
tailwind ii e-assist


road

symphony
joint venture
in-2-ition road
grand junction


hybrid

symphony hybrid
joint adventure
in-2-ition mountain


suspension

symbiosis xc
symbiosis


size & fit


components

components
travel cases
tools & hardware
da vinci goodies


owners manual
dealers
 





select page


  
 



 



 












ride together be happy…



​






​quality, experience, exceptional design, proven geometry. handmade in the usa using the highest quality custom spec’d tubes. we also hand select every component for strength, function, and weight.

read about us








ride together be happy…



​quality, experience, exceptional design, proven geometry. handmade in the usa using the highest quality custom spec’d tubes. we also hand select every component for strength, function, and weight.

read about us










handmade in the usa
artisan tandem bicycles
every single employee of da vinci is a dedicated cyclist and exceptional craftsman. we are dedicated to designing and building the highest quality product every time. we understand the needs of riders, and abilities of our products. together we create unrivaled and  endlessly customizable tandems.



more about da vinci






tandems go everywhere
options for everyone
we believe in versatility, which is why we design various versions of our tandem bicycles that will be able to go anywhere you want; roads, gravel and mountains whether using our independent coasting drivetrain or one with that addition of our new electric assist.



more about tandems








tandem models








electric assist
tailwind road or hybridhigh end electric assist tandem w/ shimano steps system that is quiet, smooth, powerful, and very natural feeling.
tailwind ii road or hybridmid-level electric assist tandem.








road tandems
symphony roadour very best road tandem. dream components.
joint venture & global venture roadour most popular road tandem. high end components.
in-2-ition & global in-2-ition roadprice-sensitive components.
grand junctionprice point road tandem with incredible parts list.








hybrid / mountain
symphony hybridhighest quality dream component package on a hybrid tandem.
joint adventure & global venture hybridhigh quality component package in an off-road tandem.
in-2-ition & global in-2-ition hybridprice sensitive components.








suspension / mountain
symbiosis xc front suspensionthis front suspension bike is the benchmark cross country off-road tandem.
symbiosis full suspensionthe full suspension symbiosis has been an award winning off-road favorite.







not sure which model is for you?

start here







what our happy customers say…

happy customers







it’s been a year since our first tour on our beloved da vinci global venture tandem, and this letter is long overdue. there was precious little need for changes once the bike was set up and we had put in some miles in the saddle. the double-legged kickstand is a great asset generally, and very specifically for roadside adjustments. 
david miller







in our first two years our global venture has about 7,500 miles. it is super stable, comfortable, reliable, and has exceeded all expectations. everyone at da vinci is service-oriented, and are quick to provide answers to our questions, provide the few upgrades we have desired, and provide such service with enthusiasm, a smile, and patience.
john & donnice







just a quick note to tell you how much we are enjoying our new da vinci global tandem.  phyd and i have ridden it up the rio grande trail several times now and it works perfectly.  we really enjoyed your help choosing the new bike and the service you gave us when we picked it up.  thanks again.
dale  &  phyd








read customer stories

more stories




 









get in touch
phone (303) 936-1241



location
da vinci designs 1264 south jason street denver, colorado 80223



reach out
info@davincitandems.comphone (303) 936-1241call for fax number





copyright © 2000 - 2025      by da vinci designs tandems | (303) 936-1241 | site by hoffman graphics | using wordpress & divi



followfollowfollow





copyright © 2025    by da vinci designs  (303) 936-1241 |  info@davincidesigns.com

followfollowfollow



 






























