






    www.joetalbot.com
    joe talbot voip telephony and asterisk
www.joetalbot.com



                updated 12
        march 2021



        for joe talbot's personal page please click here yes, i know. it's
        probably not a bad idea to update my personal
        page a bit more often? i am working on it. most of my stuff has
        been on facebook
        for the past dozen years.
 
i specialize in telephones. i'm building
          forums right now so that we can easily discuss problems and
          answer questions about telephony.
          i'm trying to move away from facebook for my personal
          communications because it's gotten a little toxic over the
          past few months and i don't
          enjoy the never ending conflicts and nonsense. so i'm setting
          up my own forums and a convenient place for friends and
          colleagues to learn about
          telephones and broadcasting. i'll also link to other pages
          that are similar. there will be a lot of changes here as i
          bumble around and get the page
          running on my own servers. it's been a while since i "made a
          web page". you get spoiled with the big guys "content
          management systems" and...
          i still have phones to fix and friends to help out. this will
          get better. i promise!


sip phone service for podcasters, radio and tv stations

we're now
      offering sip service and did's for broadcasters and podcasters.
      it's inexpensive, great quality and available immediately.
      we can port existing numbers to it (takes about 10 business days
      usually). local numbers are available for almost every city or
      rate center, we
      can even supply international and toll-free numbers. if you need
      numbers for a temporary use, like a telethon or fund raiser, we
      can save you a ton
      of money and make it much easier. we've been doing this for years
      for "friends and family", and since you're in that category too,
      drop me a note and
      let me know how we can hep you. try it before you buy it. we
      include domestic long distance at a flat rate (if you can keep the
      usage reasonable).

      you should have solid internet (low jitter) to use the service.
      that seems to be easier to find these days than in the recent
      past. since we're broadcasters
      ourselves, we know what you need and can provide the expertise
      that you want without going through some off-shore call center.
      common uses include
      request lines, talk lines, transmitter and coupler phones, g.722
      equipped lines for remote broadcasts and even entire office pbx's.
      

      please ring announcement technologies at 702 553-4100 and let's
      discuss your hopes, plans and challenges. just ask for me. joe
      talbot. please remember
      that we're on the west coast, right outside of "fabulous las
      vegas". let me know if you're coming to town and are up for a
      visit. 
      words of wisdom from a local : avoid the strip!

      right now, setup is free and each did (outside public switched network) number is
      $5 monthly. extensions are $2 monthly.  we make it simple and
      inexpensive.


asterisk and freepbx news and issues

being a
      broadcaster, i like reliable, predictable, stable things. i don't
      like surprises at all. i don't like things that make my cell phone
      ring like, outages or failures.
      so, one of the things that i do is provide rock solid asterisk
      pbx's for broadcasters. you can go to a website and download a
      "distro" (that's industry lingo for a
      "distribution" or pre-packaged system load, usually including
      asterisk, freepbx and the linux that it all runs on. historically,
      that's been the way to go. over the past
      few years though, commercialization and changes in the base
      operating systems have made this all much more challenging. i
      started by just disabling or removing
      unstable software, which wasn't all that hard. but as time went
      on, some of the players in the business changed and appeared to
      become more interested in "features" 
      and the ability to charge for them. i don't begrudge them the
      right to benefit from their own, excellent work. but things got
      sloppier. i can just hear the business meetings
      in my head "it has to do x for y now! they're a huge customer!
      drop everything!" i've been in those kinds of meetings and... they
      never produce anything good.

      since you and i have to sleep at night, i took it upon my self to
      do extensive testing and find the fixes that would keep asterisk
      stability where it needed to be. i have systems running
      out there that have never been rebooted since installation (one
      has an "uptime" of more than 7 years!). that's what i expect in a
      phone system of any type. so this might mean
      that we won't be running the most recent or typical os or
      asterisk. it just has to work (and work, and work...). i stay on
      top of security issues and our systems aren't
      exposed to the public internet unprotected. 

      we also have to support "legacy network interfaces" that support
      things like t1 and pri cards, pots fxo and fxs cards or gateways.
      there are tradeoffs that we are familiar
      with and some gear is better than others. some is very (overly)
      complex to configure with little benefit and some is easy and
      inexpensive. we can share all of that experience with 
      you. there are some easy ways to deal with firewall issues and
      security. do a "port scan" on your outside ip. if there are
      services visible to the scanner, it's not really correct and
      you're risking a great deal.

      my personal goal if for you to be comfortable configuring and
      troubleshooting your own system to the extent that you wish to.
      i'll help to get you to that point. on the other hand, you
      may want somebody else to do that stuff as you have a few hundred
      other systems that you are responsible for. i don't see my work as
      a pathway to eternal "job security.

      at the moment, i can't recommend a "distro" that you should use
      out of the box, without at least turning off a whole bunch of
      un-needed stuff. if you want to try one "to play with" try
"incredible pbx",
      you can even run it on a raspberry pi ($35). for "production" or
      critical systems,  then of course, there is "the



        centos problem". which i expect to be solved 
      shortly, due to very popular demand. i am watching for things like
      "rocky linux" or others to
      supplant it, if red hat doesn't come to their senses. i do have
      some systems under test right
      now, including the system that i use "in production" here at my
      home office and lab. usually, i am able to improve these with a
      combination of stripping out or disabling the un-necessary
      stuff and patching the o/s. and of course the selection of the
      most stable hardware is a part of this. i've found that using
      supermicro motherboards exclusively is a great way to avoid
      the failures of workstation class machines. we've used rotary
      drives (western digital "black" is preferred) for years. in fact i
      just replaced a drive after eleven years of continuous 
      service (you lose track of time, sometimes). we've had ssd's under
      test for the past couple of years with good results (samsung has
      the nod right now). we've had very good luck
      with cards from openvox, and
      excellent and responsive support from them as well. like when we
      needed to "listen for the disconnect tone" used in the public
      network in singapore,
      because there is no dc disconnect pulse.
       
useful telephony links

download pbx
        manuals   



      wedophones is a really helpful site and is pretty complete. find
      manuals on legacy gear and keep it going if you like.
find rate centers and central office
        switch types   telcodata.us has an amazing
      collection of free tools to learn about the switched network and
      various manufacturers gear!

      sites for phone history:

      asterisk and jim dixon: a recorded


        interview with jim dixon (father of zaptel and ultimately
      dahdi), what made asterisk viable and brought down the telephony
      giants, recorded 
      shortly before we lost him.

      in southern california, before frontier, before verizon, before
      gte was california
        water and telephone - we've collected their fantastic
      employee magazine and present it here
      there was also associated telephone

      the ati phone museum:
      we're basically phone nuts... it becomes quite clear here


























