







turnasure - leading supplier of dtis and visual tension indicators

















us & canada: 800-525-7193international: 215-750-1300








 contact us 








 « expand for navigation
	  



home


turnasure dtis & indicators

products overview
the turnasure dti
new viewtite® self-indicator



why use turnasure dtis


bolting applications for dtis

overview
wind turbines
bridge construction
power plants
sports & convention facilities
steel building construction
petro-chemical
trucks & off-highway equipment
anchors & proprietary applications



projects using turnasure


installation


inspection


bolting resources


about us



get a quote






get the benefits of viewtite® on your project. see how to specify viewtite® for the recommended language.




















breaking news: wrought washer manufacturing acquires turnasure, llc
click here to read the full press release

the simplest solution for properly tensioning bolts
proper bolt-tensioning is a mission-critical part of any structural steel construction project, any bridge project, wind turbines and numerous applications across automotive, petrochemical and other industries. for decades this was a time- and labor-intensive process, until the direct tension indicator (dti) was invented by turnasure's legacy company. this innovative product allowed customers to quickly and easily confirm that their bolts were properly tensioned, saving huge amounts of time and money during installation and inspection! 
the most comprehensive product line of bolting technology
turnasure manufactures the world's largest variety of direct tension indicator washers (dtis) including the revolutionary new viewtite® visual self-indicator. our dtis are used for achieving required tension loads on bolts in countless applications. these include structural steel buildings, bridges and wind turbines as well as dti washers for studs used in the petro-chemical industry, anchor bolts, and sae cap screws for off-highway vehicles and automotive applications. turnasure also supplies special direct tension indicators to customer's individual specifications in a variety of materials including nonferrous and stainless steels.
explore our products and their tremendous benefits:

the traditional turnasure dti
the new viewtite® self-indicator
benefits of using turnasure dtis
dti uses & applications
projects using turnasure dtis
bolting resources

turnasure dtis are currently manufactured to the following standards:

astm f959/f959m for use on inch or metric astm f3125 grade a325, grade a490, grade f1852, grade f2280, grade a325m, or grade a490m bolts.
iso-en 14399 14399-9 for use on structural bolting assemblies in the european economic area.
astm f2437/f2437m for carbon and alloy steel compressible-washer-type direct tension indicators for use with cap screws, bolts, anchors, and studs.
turnasure’s dtis are also manufactured for use on hv bolting assemblies per dast-guideline 021 and japanese standard jisb 1186-f10t strength strength structural bolting assemblies.

viewtite®: the best choice for "dye-emitting" visual indicators
a recent innovation in dtis is the "dye-emitting" visual indicator, in which a colored elastomer is extruded from the dti when proper tension is achieved. the  viewtite® visual self-indicator, released by turnasure in 2019 represents the "best of breed" for this type when it comes to dye-emitting dtis. viewtite® dtis are manufactured to astm f959/f959m and are suitable for use in bolted structural steel framing connections in accordance with aisc‐360. our patented offset extrusion technology offers unprecedented precision and reliability, and our special elastomer even glows under uv light, making low-light and nighttime inspections easier and faster!


turnasure dtis in use!

	turnasure dtis have been used in some of the highest profile projects in the world, under the most demanding requirements.
		explore projects using turnasure

a half-century of fastener innovation

	we are proud to have spent the past 50 years making the best dtis in the world!
	
see how they work

	explore the patented technology that makes turnasure dtis the perfect choice for tensioning bolts.
		learn about the technology









home
turnasure dtis and indicators
the turnasure dti
new viewtite® self-indicator
"dye-emitting" dtis


why use turnasure dtis
bolting applications for dtis
projects using turnasure
installation
inspection


bolting resources
about us
contact us / get a quote
sitemap


				  dti's are recognized by the following international bodies:













©2025 turnasure. all rights reserved. turnasure is a division of wrought washer manufacturing.



