









  




	military operations research society > home






















































current contact idlogin contact iddnn iddatabase


















 

 
























career center





join




sign in















cart

online communities














aboutmission and purposepresident's messageoral historiescode of ethicsgovernance and leadershipexecutive councildirectorsgovernment sponsorspast presidentsstaffcontributors to the societyfellowssustaining contributorspartnersmember centralbecome a memberindividualjunior analyststudentact nowjoinrenewvolunteer opportunitiesmentorshipcommunities of practicesymposium working groupsannouncementseventscertificatescertificate in critical skills for analytics professionals (csap)certificate in critical tools for analytics professionals (ctap)certificate in cyber wargamingcertificate in emerging techniques in analytics and data sciencecertificate in basic excel functions for data analystscertificate in advanced excel functions for data analystscertificate in homeland security gamingcertificate in survey processcertificate in u.s. national security risk analysiscertificate in wargamingcustom and private coursescoursesgaming cyber and information operations coursedesigning tactical games coursegaming emergency response to disease​ courselead to succeed coursecampaign analysis methods coursegaming weapons of mass destruction courseworkshopseducation and professional development colloquiumglobal critical infrastructure workshopjoint all-domain global moving target indication workshopwargaming in the southern region workshopemerging techniques forumdaf data, analytics, and ai forumpast workshopssymposium93rd symposiumpast symposiumswebinarsmors-talkpast mors-talksdistribution statement instructionsprofessional developmenteducationcertificate programscourse programscommunities of practicereading listcareersawardsclayton j. thomas awardwayne p. hughes awardmor journal awardjohn k. walker, jr. awardvance r. wanner memorial awardphalanx editors' awardprizesrichard h. barchi prizedavid rist prizeeugene p. visco prizedr. james t. moore graduate research prizerichard e. rosenthal student competitionstephen a. tisdale graduate research prizepublicationsbooks and reportshard copy bookse-bookskindle booksapple booksoral historiesworkshop summaries (public)phalanxcurrent issuemor journalsearch/purchase issuesmors journal of wargamingsubscription formpartnersapparelpartner programindustry partnersnational research partnersinternship programinternship opportunitiesexhibitor opportunitiescommunitiescommunities of practiceaffordability analysiscampaign analysiscost analysiscyberdata science and artificial intelligencedeveloping command and controlexperimentationhuman behavior and performanceintelligence, surveillance, & reconnaissance (isr)irregular warfarelogisticsmanpower and personnelmilitary assessmentsmodeling & simulationmulti-domain operationsnational security risk analysisprobability managementreadinessred teamingspace warfarestrategic analyticsundersea warfarewargamingwomen in morsall communities of practicedigital library














leading the national security analytics community
















education and professional development colloquium (epd)
2 - 3 april 2025
colorado springs, co













event details






















upcoming events

24-27 february 2025
campaign analysis methods course
3-5 march 2025
certificate in homeland security gaming
10-14 march 2025
certificate in critical skills for analytics professionals (csap)










all upcoming events 




































































































































membership









for over five decades, membership in mors has meant a chance to contribute, a means of growth and a sign of professionalism. become a member of your professional society, and further the tradition.

members of the society include a cross-section of the best defense analysts, operators and managers from government, industry and academia.










benefits include

subscription to the phalanx
save on meeting attendance
discount on mors books
full access to 23 communities of practice
special junior analyst programs
online subscription to mor journal

learn more 





























professional development






















growth through professional development and continuing education

mors is dedicated to advancing the or profession and supporting the national security analyst through a full range of programs for students and seasoned professionals.  it is our belief that well-crafted and delivered continuing education programs are crucial in developing and enhancing careers and sharpening skills.  our programs are designed to offer lifelong learning and networking opportunities that deliver a professional service to the or and analyst community.
learn more 















mors government sponsors

















































































mors government sponsors
















national research partner


		 
	




		 
	







tweets by mors_news







upcoming events












april 29, 2019

		live webinar
	



april 24, 2019

		user conference
	



may 20, 2019

		huge mors event
	



june 24, 2019

		mors event mors event
	



july 4, 2019

		mors july 4th bash
	



august 10, 2019

		yet another mors event
	



september 4, 2019

		labor day weekend research party
	



october 11, 2019

		mors birthday bash
	



december 26, 2019

		raise time!!!!
	












about mors






mors office
	2111 wilson boulevard, suite 700
	arlington, va 22201

t: 703-933-9070
	f: 703-933-9066







 






 
	
what's new










2019 convention
online registration has closed, but you can still register on-site in west palm beach (fees apply). don't miss the only 2019 xxxxx convention & expo, april 7-10 at the palm beach county convention center! a certain amount of text is needed for these to stay aligned!

> learn more











new! xx link
xxxx link is a benefit program offering products and services from vendor members at a discounted rate that is exclusive to members. these are deals you won't find anywhere else.a certain amount of text is needed for these to stay aligned!

> check it out!











benchmarking
report contains data on urgent care growth, demographics, financial performance, quality measures, staffing, compensation and benefits, and more! get your copy of the most quoted compilation of industry data here. a certain amount of text is needed for these to stay aligned!

> learn more











xx mall
xxxxx mall where you can find your favorite xxxxxx branded products! it's easy to shop, checkout and pay for your order. even order your own branded items! a certain amount of text is needed for these to stay aligned!

shop now!
					 
				










accreditation
as the highest level of distinction, xxxxxx accreditation is the only program of its kind to showcase urgent care centers that meet both certification criteria for scope of services and accreditation standards of quality and safety. a certain amount of text is needed for these to stay aligned!

> learn more











xx
certified urgent care management professional (xxxxxx) designation offers higher level courses for the professional who is ready to further develop and advance his or her career. apply today and earn your xxxxxx designation.
				
> learn more





 








leading the national security analytic community

 learn more about mors
 































































































about
careers
join




sign in














contact us





1550 wilson boulevard, suite 700, arlington, va 22209
























ph: 703-933-9070













copyright 2025 by military operations research society


privacy policy | terms & conditions










×
site search
























×
message title goes here




                        message goes here...
                















loading...











			{1}				
			



##loc[ok]##







			    {1}				
			    





##loc[ok]##
##loc[cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##loc[ok]##
##loc[cancel]##









