


home - conservation officers of pennsylvania




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top









add me to your mailing list











member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel






share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter













conservation officers of pennsylvania







home shop news calendarmembership about us membership infolinks naweoa pa game commission pa fish & boat commission north amer. game warden museum contact us keystone wardens magazinedonations donations museum pavers magazine submissions


















our mission / about us
 

the conservation officers of pennsylvania association (copa) was organized for the following purpose:

to increase understanding, awareness and support for the role of pennsylvania's conservation officers in the management of our natural resources through public outreach programs and by promoting professionalism and fraternalism within our ranks.









in memory of wco david l. grove
 
march 5, 1979 - november 11, 2010
start of watch - 2001 - end of watch - 2010


pennsylvania game commission wildlife conservation officer david l. grove was shot and killed in the line of duty while on patrol around 10:30 p.m., on nov. 11, along shrivers road in freedom township, adams county. grove, age 31, of fairfield, adams county, was investigating reports of ongoing night-time shooting and possible poaching activity in the area.



 


pennsylvania game commission
junior warden camps



 
the pennsylvania game commission will once again conduct one-day junior game warden camps throughout the commonwealth, offering youths ages 12 to 15 an organized and enjoyable experience focused on the profession of a pennsylvania state game warden.




registration is currently limited and is not yet open. participation is available to individuals who have not previously attended a camp.  please check back for updates.  jr game warden camp
(in memory of warden kris krebs)
 memorial fund in honor of pennsylvania game commission warden kris krebs to benefit the pa game commission's jr warden camps.

click below to donate 



jr game warden camp
(in memory of wco david l. grove)
 memorial fund in honor of pennsylvania game commission officer wco david grove to benefit the pa game commission's jr warden camps.

click below to donate 



the 30th anniversary challenge coin for the conservation officers of pennsylvania prominently showcases the copa logo on its front, symbolizing “the thin green line”. the reverse side commemorates three decades of the organization's efforts in enhancing understanding, awareness, and support for the vital role played by all conservation officers.




click to buy copa's 30th anniversary challenge coin




member signup







event calendar








keystone wardens magazine








committees











upcoming events
upcoming events













recent articles
recent articles










the 2025 naweoa conference will be hosted by copa and held in erie, pennsylvania.  click here for conference information

click here for conference registration 

click here for hotel reservations join us for the 2025 naweoa 
conference in erie, pennsylvania!









the conference will run from july 14 - 19th, 2025 (opening ceremonies on july 15 and the closing banquet will be the night of july 18th), at the bayfront convention center.










click below to buy a pa fishing 
license / permit






click below and link to pennsylvania
boating regulations 


click below for a copy of pennsylvania's
fishing summary handbook




the pennsylvania fish and boat commission (pfbc) plans to release around 3.2 million adult trout into 691 streams and 130 lakes available for fishing throughout the state. to view the stocking schedule, please click on the trout image to the right. discover a nearby stocked trout waterway and create lasting memories.






 





copa's 2024 fall raffle




 




 




























   winners of fall raffle    




$1000 or crossbow              richard shire


$900 or rifle                         barry zaffuto


$800 or grill                          tilghman smith


$700 or kayak                       barry moore


$600 or shotgun                   dave anderson


$500 or muzzleloader           billy derrick


$400 or smoker                    lance schmidt


$300 or griddle                    john shutter


$200 or binoculars               blaine groshek


$100 or blind chair              rick hixson


      congratulations!wild turkey kids corner  ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿click below to view and print your own activities forwild turkeys wild turkeywild turkey anatomy fill in the blankwild turkey coloring pagewild turkey crossword puzzlewild turkey word searchwild turkey jokes you can tellwild turkey activity answer key


pennsylvania game commission



2024-2025 general hunting & trapping licenses 
go on sale monday, june 24, 2024.
licenses are valid july 1, 2024, through june 30, 2025.



click  above for more information on buying a license or permit 


hunt elk in pennsylvania 


2024 - 2025 pgc antlerless license dates

remaining wmu quotas

"stocking tradition"click here to preview the keystone wardens pheasant stocking article does you water dog need a life jacket? click here for more informationclick here for general pa boating regulations, life jacketsmuseum now openlocated at the north end of the existing visitors center at middle creekvisitors center:100 museum road, stevens, pa 17578middle creek wildlife management area ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿click here to view some current photos﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿if you are interested in purchasing a paver, please click on the link below for the order form. all proceeds will go to the heritage conservation museum fund.  paver order formcheck out our storefrontclick below 2023-24 hunting and trapping licensesto learn more, click here ﻿﻿click here for more info on reporting your harvest















home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









