


invitations 'n cards: affordable invitations for all occasions - weddings, anniversaries, birthday, bar mitzvah







































wedding invitations
bridal shower
save the date
anniversary
home



































wedding invitations
beachbest sellersborderscheapdestinationelegantembossedengravedfloralfoil presslaser cutletterpressluxurymodernmonogrampocketribbonsrusticseal 'n sendsimpletraditionalvintagewith rsvp cards
start by browsing our selection of best selling wedding invitations, so you have an idea of the designs that are most popular with nowadays brides..
if you are on a budget, visit the affordable page where you'll find many cheap wedding invitations under $150 per 100.
in addition to the best sellers and budget invitations we offer many modern and contemporary designs in various colors, as well classic and traditional invites.






wedding
choose from the latest designs and trends in wedding invitations, save the date cards, bridal shower invitations, plus many more wedding cards and invites. we have all prices ranges.
from cheap and affordable to more luxury and expensive. no matter your budget, we have the wedding invitations for you.





baby
the birth of a baby is such a special and precious event. delight family and friends with a baby announcement invitation that illustrates the happy event.
we offer from classic baby announcements, to more trendy and modern.







quinceañera
a quinceañera is such a beautiful celebration in a young woman's life.
invite your guests to the big party we our beautiful quinceanera invitations. choose from traditional cards, or the latest trendy designs.





religious events
beauty shines through on our baptism invitations. choose from many designs, styles, and prices.
in addition to christening invitations we also carry invitations for other religious events like bar mitzvah and bat mitzvah, and first communion.




making your wedding invitations perfect
when your big day finally arrives, the last thing you want is to discover that there was a misprint on your invitations. not only can this potentially cause a great deal of embarrassment, it can also cause problems for guests - particularly if there is a misprint regarding the time and date of the wedding ceremony or the location of the reception. therefore, it is important for you to check your invitations several times before you approve them for the final print.
in order to make certain your wedding invites are printed perfectly, it is best to:

set them aside for a couple of days and then to take another look at them with a fresh set of eyes. this way, you will be more likely to catch mistakes.
you might also want to consider reading the wording backwards, as this will force you to slow down and read it word for word.
finally, ask someone else to read over the invitations as well as all other materials you are having printed in order to make certain you haven't missed an error. this way, you can rest easy in knowing that your wedding invites will be perfect and your guests will know precisely when and where
	      they should go to celebrate in your special occasion.











5 tips for buying affordable wedding invitations

    it is no secret that weddings can be quite expensive. on the other hand, it is possible to still have a beautiful wedding without spending a whole lot of money. to accomplish this goal, however, you need to know how to get the best deals on everything you
    need for your wedding.
one way you can easily save a good amount of money is to purchase affordable wedding invitations. to that end, here is a look at a few simple steps you can take to reduce the costs associated with your wedding invitations.
tip #1: shop around
while it will take some time to compare the costs of various companies, doing some comparison shopping is one of the most effective ways to make your wedding invitations more affordable. in addition to exploring traditional brick and mortar stores, consider exploring office supply stores, mail-order
    catalogs and warehouse stores. the internet is also a great resource when it comes to finding affordable wedding invitations. 
tip #2: consider alternative printing techniques
while engraved and letterpress wedding invitations are certainly beautiful, there are certainly less costly options available. thermography, for example, will create the same look and feel at as engraving, but at only a fraction of the cost. if you are planning a casual wedding, invitations that
    are printed with laser printing is certainly an acceptable option and will cost even less.
tip #3: say “no” to the extras
while adding extra details such as bows and ribbons, jackets and multi-layered paper is becoming increasingly popular, these extras add up quickly in terms of cost. not only will you pay more to buy the extras, but you might have to pay an assembly fee as well. in addition, all of these extras will
    add up to a greater postage cost. therefore, consider going for the more classic look with simple invitation printed on paper. 
tip #4: be sure to proofread before you print
while it should go without saying, many couples fail to thoroughly proofread their invitations. as a result, they have to pay to have the invitations re-printed. in addition, depending on how long it took for the mistake to be noticed, you might have to pay an extra rush charge as well. even if
    you have purchased the most affordable wedding invitations possible, you certainly don’t want to pay twice! so, be sure to have a couple trusted friends look over your invitation proofs before the final print.
tip #5: order extras
while ordering extra envelopes and invitations may seem like an unusual thing to do when trying to save money, it will certainly help you save money in the long-run. not only will the extras come in handy if you realize you left someone off the original invitation list, but you will also be happy
    to have them if you make a mistake on one or more of your invitations. ordering extras now will be far less costly than printing additional cards later.












home
wedding invitations
contact
sitemap










(774) 331-2557 - massachusetts in-store appointments
(877) 290-8487 - online sales (access code ykj89)










 copyright © 2025 - invitations 'n cards - all rights reserved













