











crossgates golf club | lancaster golf courses | lancaster public golf




































































































































 















facebookmailrsscall us at (717) 872-4500 


0shopping cartgolf

rates
crossgates tournaments
course information

scorecard
stay & play


rules and regulations
memberships
lessons/instruction


league info

senior men’s league – thursday’s
18 hole ladies league – wednesday’s


tee times
golf outings
buy online

online store
view my cart
edit my account


contact

contact and staff
donation requests
the bunker at crossgates (restaurant & bar)







menu


menu

 






welcome to crossgates golf clubvoted lancaster county’s favorite golf course!
book your tee time here!our restaurant, the bunker at crossgates is now open! please click here to view their facebook page.previousnext

book your tee time here!

welcome to crossgates golf club, a beautiful public golf course located in millersville, pa.  bordered by the conestoga river and nestled into gently rolling hills of lancaster county, crossgates golf club offers you 18 holes of challenging play, superb course conditions, driving range, a full service pro shop, and a comfortable restaurant with delicious food.
all of this in a quiet, relaxing atmosphere just minutes from downtown lancaster.  all of these elements come together in such a way that you will want to return again and again.
crossgates golf club is the best place to host your golf outing, whether large or small.  contact us to schedule your next event and we will make it a fulfilling success with great service, delicious food, and outstanding service.


   

business hours
golf course hours
    monday: 9am to 4pm
    tuesday: 9am to 4pm
    wednesday: 9am to 4pm
    thursday: 9am to 4pm
    friday: 9am to 4pm
    saturday: 9am to 4pm
    sunday: 9am to 4pm
the driving range is closed for the winter.
our restaurant, the bunker at crossgates hours are:
monday - closed
tuesday - 11am-10pm 
wednesday - 11am-10pm
thursday - 11am-10pm
friday - 11am-11pm
saturday - 11am-11pm
sunday - 11am-8pm



our location mailing address & location:
1 crossland ps, millersville, pa 17551
email us: jprzystup@crossgatesgolf.com
tel: (717) 872-4500

crossgates golf club – facebook page 

crossgates golf club – facebook page







copyright  crossgates golf club powered by teesnap | terms of service |  privacy policy |  return policy | cookie policy - enfold theme by kriesi
facebookmailrss






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.ok

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
other cookiesthe following cookies are also needed - you can choose if you want to allow them:
click to enable/disable _ga - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gid - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gat_* - google analytics cookie.
accept settingshide notification only 

 
































































