

            
            earth & planetary sciences | the university of new mexico
        







skip to main contenttoggle navigationunm a-zmyunmdirectorythe university of new mexico  unm a-zmyunmdirectoryhelp student supportstudentinfofastinfoearth & planetary scienceshomeundergraduate undergraduate programadvisementdegreesbs in e&psba in e&psbs in envsminorsundergrad coursescurrent semesternext semesternext semester+1program assessmentgeology & environmental science clubsummer field coursesundergrad researchundergrad honorsfinancial aidfinancial aidscholarshipsgraduate overviewhow to applyprogram requirementsm.s. degreeph.d. programprogram assessmentscholarshipsgrad coursescurrent semesternext semesternext semester+1news & events newsweekly colloquiafall 2022spring 2023fall 2023spring 2024fall 2024eventsupcoming eventsevents archiveresearch eps researchresearch areasclimate / atmospheric scienceshydrologygeochemistry / petrology / mineralogygeophysics / seismologyplanetary sciencessedimentology / stratigraphy / paleoclimate / paleontologysurface processestectonics / structural geologyvolcanologylaboratories and facilitieslaboratories and facilitieslabscollectionsmuseumshardingharding minerelease formwalking tourarctosidigbiopeople peoplefacultyfacultyresearch professorsresearch scientistsfaculty emeritus and emeritaadjunct facultylecturersvisiting facultypost-docgrad studentsstaffadministrative staffresearch staffalumni upcoming alumni eventssponsored scholarshipsresources admin resourcesfaculty resourcesstudent resourcesdonatefountain in plaza in front of northrop hall.autumn foliage along the rio grande bosque.northrop hall, home of the department of earth & planetary sciences at unmunmhomewelcome to earth & planetary sciences!many of the grand challenges for present and future generations concern issues deeply embedded within the earth sciences. the human capacity for environmental stewardship, and societal needs for understanding the availability and development of key resources require an understanding of the depth of geologic time and the earth processes that affect rock, air, and water. education and the scientific investigation of the earth, the atmosphere, the hydrosphere, other planetary bodies, and the solar system are central to the activities within the department of earth and planetary sciences at the university of new mexico.  the department offers a large and expanding variety of introductory and intermediate courses for undergraduate students who are interested in learning about how our fascinating planet works (including an option for a minor in earth sciences). undergraduate programs emphasize a solid foundation in a broad range of earth and planetary science disciplines, with research opportunities for advanced undergraduates in particular fields. graduate students may pursue studies emphasizing climatology and paleoclimatology; crystallography and materials science; environmental geology; geochemistry; geomorphology; geophysics; geodynamics; geospatial analysis; hydrology; igneous, metamorphic, and sedimentary petrology; invertebrate and vertebrate paleontology; mineralogy; paleomagnetism; planetary sciences, sedimentology; soils; stratigraphy; structural geology; tectonics; and volcanology.  this website is designed for those who have an interest in learning more about the earth and planetary sciences to find out some of the work in which we are involved. for those who have an interest in pursuing a career with us, the site provides the ability to contact your potential mentors for graduate or undergraduate studies. for those at other institutions looking for collaborators or laboratory services, we have a lot to offer in those areas also. there is a lot of information here, so please explore our site. indigenous peoples' land and territory acknowledgementfounded in 1889, the university of new mexico sits on the traditional homelands of the pueblo of sandia. the original peoples of new mexico – pueblo, navajo, and apache – since time immemorial, have deep connections to the land and have made significant contributions to the broader community statewide. we honor the land itself and those who remain stewards of this land throughout the generations and also acknowledge our committed relationship to indigenous peoples. we gratefully recognize our history.  land acknowledgment brown paper [pdf]land acknowledgement white paper [pdf] indigenous peoples' land and territory acknowledgement graphic [png]indigenous people's land and territory acknowledgement graphic - spanish [png]territory acknowledgementa guide to indigenous land acknowledgementwe gratefully recognize the authors of the white paper and the land acknowledgement:dr. lorenda belone, health exercise & sports sciencedr. jennifer denetdale, american studiesdr. kimberly huyser, sociologydr. lloyd lee, native american studiesdr. tiffany lee, native american studiesdr. glenabah martinez, language, literacy & sociocultural studiesdr. robin minthorn, ed lead & native american studiesdr. leola tsinnajinnie, native american studieshow this land acknowledgement statement was developed →upcoming eventsno upcoming events found.recent newseps undergrads sharpen their field skills at unm field camp 2024posted: jul 24, 2024 - 12:00ameps graduate student wins prestigious awardposted: feb 10, 2024 - 12:00amnew research erupts: unm professor presents instrument in tracking iceland volcanoesposted: jan 31, 2024 - 12:00amuseful linksgraduate admissionsundergraduate advisementinstitute of meteoriticscenter for stable isotopesunm earth & planetary sciencesmsc o3-2040 1 university of new mexico albuquerque, nm 87131-0001address for fedex, ups, etc.: department of earth and planetary sciences northrop hall, 221 yale blvd ne university of new mexico albuquerque, new mexico 87131phone: 505-277-4204  fax: 505-277-8843 email: epsdept@unm.edu© the university of new mexico  albuquerque, nm 87131, (505) 277-0111  new mexico's flagship universityunm on facebookunm on instagramunm on twitterunm on youtubemore at social.unm.eduaccessibilitylegalcontact unmconsumer informationnew mexico higher education dashboard