









ianm medicine – international academy of neuromusculoskeletal medicine


























































skip to content






candidate logindiplomate login 







primary menu
home
journal
examination registration
certified dr. directory
conditions treated
chiropractic orthopedist
moc requirement
contact us
 





international academy of neuromusculoskeletal medicine
a venue to promote continuing education in chiropractic orthopedics and neuromusculoskeletal medicine and publish in a peer-reviewed and an indexed journal jianm






ianm mission statement
the ianm serves to qualify, examine, and provide board certification and re-credentialing of the chiropractic neuromusculoskeletal medicine specialist.a neuromusculoskeletal medicine specialist evaluates and manages patients suffering from biomechanical spinal and extremity joint dysfunction, pain syndromes, and neuromusculoskeletal conditions.the board-certified chiropractic neuromusculoskeletal medicine specialist may utilize patient-centered, evidence-based, and outcome-driven treatment strategies, including but not limited to spinal and extremity manipulative therapy and a wide array of physical medicine and non-surgical procedures to achieve optimal outcomes.
the international academy of neuromusculoskeletal medicine (ianm) congratulates the university of bridgeport for receiving the united states army’s ignited approval to provide advanced-level education for us army contracted doctors of chiropractic. the ianm has been designated the certifying board for these doctors.




pathways to ianm certification examination eligibility





current post-doctoral
nmsm studies
currently, post-graduate level studies are being sponsored by the university of bridgeport (ub). ub has 300 online hours that meet ianm eligibility requirements. also, 50 contact hours are available at multiple sites. for more information, view the orthopedics and neuromusculoskeletal medicine post-doctoral program of the university of bridgeport at the following link: chiropractic continuing education






post-graduate hours from other chiropractic institutions
doctors of chiropractic may apply certified transcript hours from a cce accredited university in a post-graduate chiropractic orthopedics diplomate program, obtained from one or more chiropractic institutions other than ub, towards the minimum 300-hour requirement for ianm eligibility. transcript hours will be counted only once per diplomate course topic. duplicate course material will not be accepted.
if you have certified transcript hours from a chiropractic orthopedics diplomate program that pre-dates the current ub program and wish to determine eligibility, begin the application process. see application process below.



the academy will only consider certified transcript hours in a post-doctoral program offered by a chiropractic school or college. the syllabus must demonstrate comprehensive, advanced education that prepares doctors to practice as a specialist in neuromusculoskeletal medicine and chiropractic orthopedics. the hours/classes must not duplicate hours/classes or content that the candidate is already applying towards their 300-hour requirement. if you wish to have non-neuromusculoskeletal or non-chiropractic orthopedic training considered, you must seek acceptance of those hours/classes by a chiropractic school or college that offers neuromusculoskeletal medicine or chiropractic orthopedic, post-doctoral training programs.
currently, post-graduate level studies are being sponsored by the university of bridgeport (ub). ub has 300 online hours that meet ianm eligibility requirements. also, 50 contact hours are available at multiple sites. for more information, view the orthopedics and neuromusculoskeletal medicine post-doctoral program of the university of bridgeport at the following link: chiropractic continuing education 


examination content blueprint 7th edition

since its inception in 1993, the job analysis for chiropractic orthopedics has been reviewed and updated in 5-year cycles.  the reviews rely upon evidence-based advances in the fundamental knowledge, skill sets, and related academic content defining chiropractic orthopedics/ neuromusculoskeletal medicine. 
in 2019, the academy of chiropractic orthopedists transformed into the international academy of neuromusculoskeletal medicine (ianm) and retitled the job analysis to the ianm pillars of practice for nonsurgical neuromusculoskeletal medicine specialist (aka ianm pillars of practice). ©
since the ianm is the singular and ultimate credentialing body for chiropractic orthopedics and neuromusculoskeletal medicine, ianm pillars of practice © is an essential element in 1.) defining a certified specialist and 2.) preparing candidates for successful certification examinations.
pillars of practice development 2025-2030
the ianm is currently undergoing its updating of the pillars of practice to encompass updates from the prior pillars to span the 2025-2030 time frame. this process will take longer than past work. the ianm includes the 7 subspecialties as a compendium to the document’s main body. this requires each sub-specialty to produce a focused job analysis to complement the overall document.

forensics
concussion management
diagnostic ultrasound
injection therapy
advanced practice (dc-pcp)
geriatrics
manipulation under anesthesia
others under consideration

please click pdf to view the ianm pillars of practice.

download pdf




















why it’s time for a name change
the evolution of the name “chiropractic orthopedist” began in the 1950s. initially, this was a localized phenomenon only in california. this postgraduate educational program began to spread in the 1960s nationwide.

learn more









newsletter signup



"*" indicates required fields

name* email*

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








δ





apply to take the ianm certification examination
please click here to register for the examination
the application fee is $150.00 usd.

register



board-certified doctors are having more opportunities to advance their current knowledge, diagnostic, and management skills
 
candidates who have completed the eligibility requirements for the ianm certification examination may apply to sit for the part i online written examination. the part i examination fee is $1,350.00 usd. the upcoming examination dates are listed below. all times are united states eastern time zone.
part i payment

login to your candidate dashboard to pay fees

the candidate must take the examinations within one year from the date the application process is received by the ianm. after that one-year period, the candidate is no longer “board registered.” the re-application fee is $100 usd.
ianm part i examination:
three hours are allotted to take the part i online examination during one of the following test window dates:
ianm part i examination dates:  2025



february2-7-25friday9:00 am to 12:00 pm est


march3-15-25saturday9:00 am to 12:00 pm edt


april4-18-25friday9:00 am to 12:00 pm edt


may5-17-25saturday9:00 am to 12:00 pm edt


june6-13-25friday9:00 am to 12:00 pm edt


july7-12-25saturday9:00 am to 12:00 pm edt


august8-15-25friday9:00 am to 12:00 pm edt


september9-13-25saturday9:00 am to 12:00 pm edt


october10-10-25friday9:00 am to 12:00 pm edt


novemberdark


decemberdark


januarydark




ianm part ii examination:
the part ii test will be a timed examination consisting of three osce modules in a four-hour period. successful completion of the ianm part i examination is required. the part ii examination fee is $1,350.00 usd

login to your candidate dashboard to pay fees


ianm part ii examination dates: 2025



march3-15-25saturday9:00 am to 12:00 pm edt


may5-17-25saturday9:00 am to 12:00 pm edt


august8-15-25friday9:00 am to 12:00 pm edt


november11-14-25friday9:00 am to 12:00 pm est




please contact the academy as soon as you can with your notice of intent to sit the academy board examination.

note that the times shown represent your chosen start time. you can begin the exam at any time between 9:00 am and 12:00 pm.
international candidates will have their start times converted to their local timezone.


contact us

appeals process
requests for re-scoring must be received in writing to the academy office. re-scoring is accomplished by submitting the request with a payment of $400 (usd).
receiving this fee will institute a formal appeals process. any request about the examination grade must be in writing, with detailed explanation of why the appeal is requested.
the information will be referred to the appeals committee, composed of certified chiropractic orthopedists and neuromusculoskeletal specialists, for review of the appealing candidate’s letter. the committee reviews all records pertinent to the candidate’s examination. this process may take up to 6 weeks to complete.



quick linksabout ianm
faqs
contact
moc renewals
new moc applicant
certificate request
retired board certified specialist
grant donations
president’s letters
careers
newsletter sign up









"*" indicates required fields

name* email*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








δ









 get in touch
phone: 844-532-2378
fax: 844-532-2378
email: admin@ianmmedicine.org
journal issn: 2833-4167
governance
  quick links

about ianm
faqs
contact
moc renewals
new moc applicant
retired board certified specialist

  
chiropractic student scholarships
moc
certified dr. directory
conditions treated
chiropractic orthopedist

 




© 2025 ianm medicine all rights reserved
powered by valice












































