









sura (southeastern universities research association)



























































 






























about sura

mission
leadership team
board of directors
member representatives
news
reports
contact us


careers
programs

space science & technology
nist prep
center for nuclear femtography
information technology
coastal & environmental research


jefferson lab

science at jlab
research in action
a history of innovation


awards

distinguished service awards
early career scientist award
msi graduate awards program
sura / aibs public policy fellowship
graduate fellowship program at jlab
sabbatical support program at jlab
new projects support


membership

members
categories of membership
community partners


events
news





















 














expert in management & operations of national scientific research facilities 40 years of stewardship of the thomas jefferson national accelerator facility for doe








leader in providing scientific staffingsura provides scientific staffing resources to ensure your success.








world-class consortium of universitiescollaborative research for transformational discoveries & connecting with your peers through our 56 member institutions


















sura membership by the numbers






sura members



%
hbcu/msi members




r1 or r2 members






ph.d.’s in 2023




national academies members




annual research expenditures







jefferson lab: world’s largest community of nuclear physicists






u.s. ph.d.’s in nuclear physics did their research at jlab




employees at jefferson lab




jefferson lab revenue, fy2022






economic output




active users at jlab 




patents, since founding







sura news and events







sura part of winning team for nasa ames research center’s $256m filmss ii contract

washington d.c. – the southeastern universities research association (sura) is proud to announce its role as a subcontractor in the recently awarded fully integrated lifecycle mission support services 2 (filmss ii) contract, led by amentum services inc. of chantilly,...
read more




sura presents distinguished scientist awards

washington d.c. ― the southeastern universities research association (sura) is pleased to announce the selections of dr. jizhong zhou of the university of oklahoma and dr. chryssa kouveliotou of the george washington university as the 2024 recipients of the sura...
read more




the 2024 msi graduate awardees have been selected

washington d.c. ― the southeastern universities research association (sura) is pleased to announce that makhaila bentil, joy watson, and emma quarles, have been selected as the inaugural recipients of the 2024 minority serving institution (msi) graduate...
read more











our leadership team






dr. sean hearne
president and ceo

sean hearne was named sura president and ceo in february 2022, bringing a collaborative leadership style, strategic vision, and an impressive record of scientific discovery demonstrated at oak ridge national laboratory...
read more>




aida lebbos
chief legal officer

aida m. lebbos is the chief legal officer at the southeastern universities research association, where she is responsible for leadership and management of legal activities that support sura initiatives...
read more>




william a jones, jr
interim chief financial officer

mr. jones’, mba, cpa, has a professional careers spanning more than 25 years in finance and accounting.
read more>




elizabeth l. lawson
chief of laboratory operations

elizabeth lawson is the chief of laboratory operations for sura. in this role, she is the assistant corporate secretary and the jsa secretary. she is responsible for formulating protocols and instituting systems to support the governance structures…
read more>



joseph scarcello
chief programs officer

mr. scarcello has over 38 years of government and commercial finance, including contracts management, and procurement management....
read more>




scott heefner
chief growth officer

a recognized thought leader in the care, protection, and economic feasibility of critical infrastructure assets....
read more>
















“from pioneering collaborations that established world-class research facilities like jefferson lab to driving innovation in cutting-edge fields, sura’s legacy is a testament to the power of partnership— our future holds even greater promise for advancing science and education in the nation.”

– sean hearne, president and ceo



 









southeastern universities research association





contact
1201 new york avenue nw,
suite 430
washington, dc 20005 usa
p 202.408.7872
f 202.408.8250



quick links
missionboard of directorsleadership teammember institutionssura residence facilitysura policy manualcompliance & ethics reporting 



jefferson labcenter for nuclear femtographyinformation technology programcoastal research programspace science programeventsbylaws



social

followfollowfollow





©2025 southeastern universities research association




  designed by the design channel




 




 









  


about sura

mission leadership team board of directors member representatives news reports contact us
careersprograms

space science & technology nist prep center for nuclear femtography information technology coastal & environmental research
jefferson lab

science at jlab research in action a history of innovation
awards

distinguished service awards early career scientist award msi graduate awards program sura / aibs public policy fellowship graduate fellowship program at jlab sabbatical support program at jlab new projects support
membership

members categories of membership community partners
eventsnews



























































