




dog, dogs, doggies: everything your dog needs about behavior, training and list of breed directory information
















 







home is where the dog is! 

                          digital dog: fluent dog speak spoken here 

                          dogs in the house, dogs at the barn and dogs on the brain!

						  


 digital dog provides the best info on the best products!  you can be confident in ordering through us because we know the products we discuss on our website and a portion of all sales goes efforts to rescue and rehome unwanted dogs and puppies.  your dog thanks you and so do all the homeless and mistreated dogs out there!
flea control for dogswhat flea & tick prevention do you use? how does it work? what about side effects? are you familiar with frontline plus, or advantage or capstar or bio spot or k9 advantix or revolution or sentinel, and how they work ? don't take a chance on the wrong flea/tick preventative!
probiotics for dogswhen feeding your dog do you wonder about the nutrients lost in the processing of that kibble?  increasingly recognized as critical to healthy dog digestion is probiotics, bacteria that assist the process. so important are these symbiotic bacteria that purina offers pet probiotics fortiflora for dogs and cats. whether your dog is in the peak of health or facing some challenges, pet 
supplements can provide just the boost your dog might need.
glucosamine for dogsdegenerative joint disease (djd) is serious for dogs, just like people. treatment with glucosamine for dogs is widely recognized as being a critical step in battling djd. nutramax dasuquin contains avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) formulated with glucosamine and chondroitin sulfate and msm. these active ingredients set dasuquin apart from any other joint health supplement for dogs or cats. available in both capsules and chewable tablets, nutramax cosequin and cosequin ds allow flexibility in delivering the full beneficial dose to your dog. the newest developments in canine joint supplementation make joint max a leader with improved formulas tailored to the varying degrees of arthritis discomfort. nutri-vet hip & joint wafers, chewables, soft chews and liquids offer a variety of delivery systems ensuring full ingestion of the dosage easily by your pet. glyco flex stage ii and glyco-flex iii with active ingredients like perna canaliculus, glucosamine hcl, dimethylglycine, methylsulfonylmethane, manganese, vitamin c, vitamin e, selenium, grape seed extract, and glutathione provides exceptional joint support for elderly and other dogs in need of significant benefit.
liver support for dogsyour dog's liver provides waste disposal and produces critical antioxidants like glutathione peroxidase. liver supplements like denamarin, denosyl and zentonil plus address canine liver issues associated with glutathione deficiency. same delivers a boost to your dog's liver helping your dog live healthier and happier longer! want to do even more?  check out the live/kidney support diet!  contact your vet, but this is the best info we've found on helping dogs with chronic liver or kidney problems or senior dogs that benefit from a more digestible (and less calorie packed) meal.
wormers for dogsthe treatment and prevention of intestinal worm infestations is greatly aided by modern dewormers. very few have a broader spectrum or are safer to use than panacur c. in fact, panacur is available for animals as broad ranging as cats, dogs and horses. panacur controls and removes roundworms, hookworms, whipworms, and taenia tapeworms. active ingredient is 22.2% fenbendazole, an fda-approved wormer for use against hookworms, roundworms, whipworms, and certain tapeworms in dogs. panacur for dogs can be simply mixed with food. panacur is safe in pregnant dogs, heartworm-positive dogs and puppies over four weeks of age.
zymox otic for dogs the importance of ear care cannot be overestimated. zymox otic protocol treats acute and chronic canine ear canal inflammation due to bacterial, viral and/or yeast infections. highly effective in  treating infections like staphylococcus, pseudomonas, proteus and malassezia, zymox helps eliminate bacterial, fungal and yeast infections, relieves inflammation and itching, cleans your dog's ears, treats mild to chronic infections within 5 to 10 days. 
rawhide for dogsrawhide addresses your dog's innate urge to chew. beefeaters rawhide dog  chews help relieve a puppy's teething pain, or give your adult dog a tasty chewy treat. consider beefeaters sweet potato dog treats with a great sweet, chewy flavor and nutrients that make them a great healthy choice.
tear stainingtear staining is caused by the watering of your pets' eyes. this condition is called epiphora. when the facial hair is wet from excess tearing, bacteria and yeast are provided with an ideal environment for growth. in addition to the staining caused by these infections, it can cause your pet discomfort. odor is not uncommon. til recently, these reddish brown stains were very difficult to eliminate safely. tear staining has ties to diet and genetics. angels' eyes is a tear stain treatment developed for dogs and cats. it is the first product to address the issue of tear stains from the inside out! angels' eyes also minimizes staining around the mouth and throughout the coat due to licking. angels' eyes can be safely used in dogs as small as two pounds, and puppies as well as kittens and cats as little as two pounds. angels' eyes supplement is reduced as it's effectiveness takes place, making angels' eyes affordable as well.
for a wide selection of pet tags visit perfectly engraved.

 when we say goodbye offers insight and suggestions for getting through the only bad part of loving your dog.  
 how do you know if the puppy you want to buy is healthy?  how do you find a responsible dog breeder?  digitaldog explains the  questions you have to ask with the answers you need to hear.  trust digitaldog to arm you for a thoroughly successful experience.  have a question that isn't included?    digitaldog's forum  will help.
	

mary stacey, owner of jemar pets, with a mindboggling selection of  pet supplies, offers digitaldog's visitors some new great content!   dealing with mats! - prevention too!  also check out ... "tips for you and your new dog" and  giving your dog a bath! 
 
with the war continuing to wage in the middle east the plight of the military and their dogs deserve our attention.  find out about military dogs and how you can help them.    smoky?, a four pound yorkshire terrier demonstrated her worth during wwii and then came enjoyed a 10 year show business career!  you can even read about the the first and most decorated us military dog, stubby, a pit bull, no less!
interested in puppy daycare? find what is available in your area.
 
the views expressed on our website come from a variety of sources, and while carefully reviewed cannot be considered ideal for all dogs at all times.  if you have significant questions about your dog's behavior, health and/or training, our first recommendation is to consult your preferred behaviorist, veterinarian or trainer who can personally assess your dog and his/her needs.





dog poetry info



enter a dog name and find out more



advanced search 








 






 











 




 


 

 










