









home
























                    campbell's music service

                    since 1964




free web templates



home sales repairs
lessons about us








campbell's music service is proud to have served thousands of musicians with sales, service and lessons.  started as a stringed instrument repair shop, growing into sales and instruction, campbell's music service has been a mainstay of the local music community.  with over 58 years in business, we've watched several generations become customers.  whether it is selling the beginner his first student guitar or helping the pro-musician find his dream piece.  new, used and vintage guitars are our thing!  

of course, repairs have been a cornerstone here at campbell's music service.  from instrument setup to make your instrument play its very best to customizing your guitar with new electronics, pickups and hardware to fixing those breaks so you can keep making music.  we specialized in stringed instruments as a whole, not just all types of guitars but bass, banjo, mandolin, autoharp, violin and more.  learn more about our repair services here.

one other thing we are known for is our excellent teaching staff.  we have one teacher available, neil werner, for guitar, bass and ukulele lessons.  learn more about our teacher, neil werner.

be sure to call us at 717-741-2634 with any questions you might have regarding lessons, repairs, buying or selling.

for some of our repairs, items for sale and what we're up to be sure to follow us on instagram
at @cmusicshop

we also offer band instrument rentals through music and arts center - great brands, excellent pricing, easy contract terms, click here to rent online.  
band instrument rental








campbell's music service2361 s. queen st.york, pa 17402
contact us
email: sales@cmusicshop.comphone: (717) 741-2634 


store hours are:
tues. 11 to 6  weds. 11 to 6thurs. 11 to 6fri. 11 to 6sat. 10 to 3closed sundays and mondays














                        â© copyright 2020 r campbell - all rights reserved
                    



















cmusicshop instagram highlights
















