


stock picking - art or science
























stock picking - art or science

if there is one legal way to become rich early, it is by investing in stocks and real estate. in this blog you will not see general news which are available at numerous sites, instead u will get filtered news and opinions which matter. many a times some small but important news were overlooked because of simultaneous big event, i try to put all those news in my blog. the home page shows posts of only last 10 days. to see all the posts click on the month in the archive section.



















 





web



multibaggers.blogspot.com






















thursday, december 27, 2007



	 suven life sciences - patent granted
    


 suven life sciences ltd on december 27, 2007 has announced that the us patent office has granted product patent # us 7,297,711 to suven. this is suven's first product patent granted in usa. the granted claims of the patent include the class of selective serotonin receptor affinity compounds discovered by suven and are being developed as therapeutic agents. according to the invention '711 patent disclosure, the compounds are useful in the treatment of neuro-degenarative disorders like alzheimer's parkinson, schizophrenia and huntington's.suven has so far filed 29 product patent applications through pct covering more than 145 countries, out of which 5 patents are granted in various countries. there are several other patent applications from suven discovery research are in the pipeline that have completed the administrative and technical diligence from the patent offices from major countries and would be granted shortly.suven has filed its first investigational new drug (ind) application with dcgi to conduct the clinical phase-i study on their developmental candidate suvn-502 and several candidates are in discovery pipeline undergoing glp pre-clinical studies."we are very pleased by the issuance of this patent to suven by us patent office for our drug candidates that are being developed for cns disorders which targets a $18 billion potential market opportunity" says venkat jasti, ceo of suven. labels: suven










posted by raj @ 7:56 pm  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, december 25, 2007



	 new stock ideas - strong buy
    


buy following stocks for decent gains. although, i don't think that they can be multibaggers but i recommend strong buy.pnb giltsgreaves cottonnovartisankur drugsasian granitolabels: ankur drugs, asian granito, comprehensive list, greaves cotton, multibaggers, novartis, pnb gilts, recommendations, stocks










posted by raj @ 11:33 am  
      
         2 comments






wednesday, december 19, 2007



	 jagran & network18 comes together
    


jagran & tv18 to launch hindi business dailyjagran prakashan ltd has informed bse that netwotk18, india's leading media conglomerate and the company, one of india's most acclaimed print majors & publisher of india's largest read daily 'dainik jagran' have announced a 50:50 joint venture initiative in the business print space. the primary mandate of this jv will be to launch a hindi business daily for the indian market in 2008. subsequently, this will be followed by other indian language dailies focused on financial and economic news.this jv will in effect create a new category of local language business dailies within the india print space, as this will be the first hindi business paper to hit the market nationally. this venture also marks an expansion of print offerings from network 18 into the dailies space, post the recent announcement of its magazine publishing arrangement with forbes media and ownership control of infomedia, india’s leading publishers in the b2b media space. this venture is also a reiteration of the company's intent and commitment to provide its readers news and information in all genres.the venture has been positioned to benefit from the respective competencies of tv 18 & the company. television eighteen (tv18) is a recognized leader in the business media space, with a roster of brands across television, online and information terminal platforms such as cnbc-tv 18 & cnbc awaaz which are india's leading business channels, moneycontrol.com which is india's no 1 financial news & information portal and newswirel8, india's leading real time news & data platform. the company publishes "dainik jagran", india’s largest read daily besides recently launched youth oriented compacts "i-next" and "city plus". tv 18 shall bring forth its expertise in business content to the jv, while the company shall bring forth its print competencies including operational expertise, print and related infrastructure and distribution to the venture. both tv18 & the company have agreed to co-promote the offerings under the venture and exploit cross platform synergy opportunities present from both sides. it is noteworthy that 3 years ago, tv18 had launched cnbc awaaz, a consumer focused business channel, to cater to the needs of the hindi business viewer. it soon emerged as a leader in the hindi business news segment & a major contributor to the expansion of business audiences in the country.mahendra mohan gupta, cmd, of the company said "our leadership in the indian print space will further be strengthened with the launch of business dailies. this venture is based on a commonness of vision we share with tvi8 on a strong need for a high quality business print offering in hindi and other languages. our experience in the language media space has revealed a growing interest in specialized business news & information, which, this vehicle will enable us to cater. i am confident that we will live upto the expectations of our readers as hitherto and expand the financial market, in the geographies that are going to play a crucial role in the economic growth of the country in times to come".commenting on this announcement, raghav bahl, md, network18 added "the fact that "bharat" is rapidly emerging as the key driver of the indian economic opportunity is fairly evident. in recent years, business audiences have grown immensely in the hindi heartland and regional markets, reflecting a democratization of enterprise & wealth creation across the nation. the leadership of cnbc awaaz is a strong affirmation of this new reality as well as indicative of a great need for language products across the business media spectrum. we are delighted to partner jagran prakashan as it will allow us to fulfill this need powerfully in the print space, by combining tv18’s strengths in business content with jagran's intimate understanding of print markets"the jv will be governed by a board, comprising of representatives from tv18 & the company, which will oversee management plans and execution. the operational specifics in terms of brand name for the business daily, selection of the editorial and business team and so on is in the process of being formalized. the jv will be funded through an initial equity infusion from both sides followed by internal accruals & debt financing in the later stage.labels: jagran prakashan, network18, tv 18










posted by raj @ 10:01 pm  
      
         4 comments









	 gitanjali gems - ties up with italian company
    


gitanjali gems - mou with mariella bitrani fashion group, italygitanjali gems ltd has informed bse that the gitanjali lifestyle ltd (gll), a wholly subsidiary of the company is signing a memorandum of understanding (mou) with mariella burani fashion group (mbfg) of italy to form a joint venture in india by way of incorporation of a new company. the proposed new company will be jointly controlled by gll and mbfg.the objective of the proposed joint venture is to significantly drive growth of mbfg's brands in emerging markets, particularly the mariella burani, baldinini, rosato, calgaro and facco collection in the far east by capitalising on the expertise contributed by the respective partners. gll will develop an extensive distribution network which is expected to include 32 monobrand and boutiques and 132 shop in exclusive multi-brands retailers. the company will provide production, marketing, logistics and distribution expertise based on its extensive know-how of the indian market and its existing retail network. mbfg will contribute its consolidated experience in the design, development and international distribution of italian lifestyle appered, leather goods and jewellery collections.mbfg designs, produces and distributes world wide a diversified and complementary range of luxury apparel, footwear, leather accessory and jewellery collections under its own brands and under license for prestigious international designers. mbfg founded in 1960 by walter burani, chairman & ceo of the group and listed in the star segment of the italian stock exchange since july 2000, is today international recognized public company with an established position in the accessible luxury goods market. mbfg manager to provide top quality luxury goods at accessible prices by capitalising on the strength and flexibility provided by italy's industrial districts, world renown for their excellence in the development of luxury products.  source : bombay stock exchange labels: gitanjali gems










posted by raj @ 9:50 pm  
      
         0 comments






monday, december 17, 2007



	 ramco systems - gaining ground
    


ramco systems - to expand aggressively into the retail segmentramco systems ltd has announced that the company has strengthened its position in retail segment by providing comprehensive applications and it solutions with key orders from leading us based handcrafted chocolatier bissinger's, subhiksha - india's largest supermarket pharmacy & telecom chain & dutyfree distribution services pvt ltd - the supply chain company based at sez cochin.commenting on the success, mr. chetan pathak, vp enterprise solutions, ramco systems, said, "ramco is delighted to expand aggressively into the retail segment. in today's competitive scenario we provide retailers with a solution that further enhances their operational efficiency & reduces costs."ramco offers development, delivery and implementation of web services to the technology backbone of subhiksha's proposed e-commerce portal merchandise management solutions to dutyfree distribution services pvt ltd and a complete package of ramco's enterprise solutions including ramco's food end beverage erp software, ecommerce, retail business software, and business analytics solution to bissinger's.ramco enterprise series - merchandise management system along with other components of ramco's retail software solution provide retail industry with a proven, agile and extendible option to meet their technology needs. ramco has proven experience of more than a decade in the retail sector.  source : bombay stock exchangelabels: ramco systems










posted by raj @ 6:56 pm  
      
         0 comments






thursday, december 13, 2007



	 micro technologies - too fast too furious
    


micro tech awarded "deloitte technology fast 500 asia pacific, 2007"micro technologies india ltd has announced that the company has been chosen as one of the "deloitte technology fast 500 asia pacific, 2007" by the deloitte touche tohmatsu and was awarded as one amongst the fastest growing companies for its technology and revenue growth in field of security and life support solutions. deloitte touche tohmatsu is an organization of member firms around the world devoted to excellence in providing professional services and advice, focused on client service through a global strategy executed locally in nearly 140 countries.the company has also been profiled as one of the top it innovators - 2007 by nasscom. the company made innovation an important part of their growth strategies and the company have managed to stand out and differentiate themselves in highly competitive, often adverse market conditions and carved a niche for themselves using breakthrough technological products and novel market initiatives in security and life support systems. nasscom is india's national association of software and service companies, the premier trade body and the chamber of commerce of the it software and services industry in india.offering a wide range of micro products that are both innovative and highly competitive, the company provides its growing customer base with security solutions that are technologically advanced on one hand yet simple on the other and these awards and recognition are the testimonies to the unconditional hard work, concerted commitment and focused dedication of the company who have vowed to cater the security needs of various organizations globally on a consistent basis.the company, a prominent name amongst techno-savvy companies and it research units in the entire country and is well positioned to be a significant force in the global economy of the 21st century in the much-needed security devices, life support systems and web-based software. the contributions of the company to the state, country and society at large have been recognized in various forums and it has received many prestigious awards for its excellence and innovative work including the deloitte technology fast 50 india, 2007.this is an unprecedented achievement of the company, which signifies the role of the company, in maintaining the highest levels of performance in security and life support domain.  source : bombay stock exchange labels: micro tech










posted by raj @ 7:08 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, december 05, 2007



	 jagran prakashan - joins hands with yahoo
    


jagran & yahoo come together to launch hindi portaljagran prakashan ltd has informed bse that yahoo! india and the jagran group jointly announced the launch of a new co-branded hindi news and current affairs internet property. the new property will seamlessly integrate the largest hindi content of jagran with yahoo! india's formidable online presence.this pioneering agreement brings together india's number one internet brand and a leading indian newspaper conglomerate to provide the best of both online services and print media content for users and advertisers.the partnership will create a richer online hindi user experience, with jagran's original content across news, current affairs, sports, entertainment and other features. it will be complemented with yahoo!s innovative, user-focused internet products and services offered in seven indian languages, including yahoo! search, mail and messenger.under the terms of the agreement, jagran and yahoo! india will share graphical and keyword advertising revenue generated by the property with yahoo! india managing the advertising sales and ad-serving for the new co-branded property. both companies will also partner in distributing yahoo! india's search and small and medium business offerings."this exciting and strategic partnership between these two powerful media entities will redefine the hindi online user experience and take this to the next level" said mr. sanjay gupta, ceo, jpl."this platform will help rebrand and rescale the hindi online space and leverage the strengths of both the organizations in creating a very powerful online property. we looked for a partner that stood for leadership and credibility in the online media space, which understood the pulse of internet audiences and had a customer-centric focus as central to their business approach. yahoo! india definitely represents all these and more" said mr. sanjay gupta, ceo, jpl.source : bombay stock exchangelabels: jagran prakashan










posted by raj @ 7:59 pm  
      
         0 comments






saturday, december 01, 2007



	 apologies for not updating the blog
    


dear readers,i sincerely apologise for not updating my blog in recent past. i was very busy because of three back to back marriages in the family and i was travelling a lot for the last two months. i, still, have a little busy schedule ahead but i promise to resume frequent blogging and will come up with some good & interesting stock ideas. regards










posted by raj @ 1:51 pm  
      
         0 comments






friday, november 02, 2007



	 tweak your portfolio
    


nifty crossed 6000 and this blog has completed two years. if you follow stock picking - art or science and buy stocks recommended here, i suggest to raise 15-20% cash and also book loss in some of the non-performers. also, the size of portfolio is too large for some of the investors, so in an attempt to reduce the size i am ditching some of the stocks but it is my nature to invest in maximum number of stocks. hence, you will have to choose from the list and make your own decision.r s softwarerajshree sugarfederal-mogul goetzeencore softwarebatliboii advise to book loss/profit in above mentioned stocks by exiting.labels: batliboi, federal mogul goetze, multibaggers, recommendations, report card, stocks










posted by raj @ 8:48 am  
      
         4 comments






thursday, november 01, 2007



	 greenply - bumper q2 performance
    


greenply industries q2 net soarsgreenply industries, a rs 4.7 billion-worth manufacturer of plywood and laminates, on standalone basis, posted a 2.35 times jump in net profit to rs 111.86 million, for the quarter ended september 2007, as compared with rs 47.54 million for the same quarter, last fiscal.net sales for the quarter increased 27.41% to rs 1,356.32 million, compared with rs 1,064.47 million during the corresponding quarter, previous year.total income for the quarter also rose 29.08% to rs 1,379.28 million, compared with rs 1,068.50 million during the same quarter, a year ago. the diluted earnings per share (eps) for the september 2007 quarter stood at rs 6.58.``we are in sync with our annual target and based on our current growth performance i am confident that we are in the right direction in garnering a larger chunk of the market share,`` as per the company`s spokesperson.labels: greenply










posted by raj @ 6:51 pm  
      
         0 comments









	 amara raja - king of batteries
    


amara raja - net profit up 94%industrial and automotive battery major amara raja batteries limited has recorded revenues of rs. 2597 million (net sales: rs. 2562 million + other income: rs. 35 million), pbt of rs. 315 million and pat of rs. 206 million for the second quarter of fy 2007-08. for the quarter ended sep 07 the topline has grown by 94% while pat rose 62% as compared to the corresponding quarter of last year.announcing the results, mr. jayadev galla, managing director remarked that growth has been fed by good demand from the telecom, ups and after market segments. “we have shown consistent growth over the last 10 quarters with equal contribution from both industrial and automotive divisions. our expansion plans announced during the last one year are progressing as per schedule and will help to sustain this pace of growth,” he said.“our performance on profitability demonstrates the resilience of our business model. improved realizations and superior management of key operating parameters has helped us to partially mitigate the adverse impact on account of steep increase in lead. while we continue to watch the lead price scenario very closely, we will work to reduce the impact on our margins as much as is possible,” he added.“the financial position of the company continues to be comfortable. the stock split from rs.10 to rs. 2 announced during june has taken effect from 26th september 07,” observed mr. k. suresh, financial controller.for the full year period ending march 2007, arbl had recorded 67 % growth in revenues at rs 7.45 billion (rs. 4.46 billion in fy 2005-06). the pbt shot up by 91% to rs. 712 million and pat 97% to rs. 470.4 million during the same period.amara raja batteries limited, an amara raja-johnson controls company with 26% equity from johnson controls, is the technology leader and is one of the largest manufacturers of lead acid batteries for both industrial and automotive applications in the indian storage battery industry.in india, amara raja is the preferred supplier to major telecom service providers, telecom equipment manufacturers, ups segment (oem & replacement), indian railways and to power, oil & gas among other industry segments. amara raja manufactures and sells automotive batteries under the brand name amaron ® which is distributed through a large pan-india sale-service retail network.the company supplies automotive batteries under oe relationships to ashok leyland, fiat, general motors, hindustan motors, honda, mahindra & mahindra, maruti, hyundai & tata motors. the company is an exclusive supplier to daimler chrysler, ford and swaraj mazda. the company’s industrial and automotive batteries are exported to apac, africa and the middle east.johnson controls is a global leader in interior experience, building efficiency and power solutions. the company provides innovative automotive interiors that help make driving more comfortable, safe and enjoyable. for buildings, it offers products and services that optimize energy use and improve comfort and security. johnson controls also provides batteries for automobiles and hybrid electric vehicles, along with systems engineering and service expertise. johnson controls (nyse: jci), founded in 1885, is headquartered in milwaukee, wisconsin. its sales for 2006 totalled us$ 32.24 billion.labels: amara raja










posted by raj @ 6:43 pm  
      
         1 comments









	 india cements - solid foundation
    


india cements - q2 net up rs. 222.654 cr.india cements ltd. (icl) has reported a record profit after tax of rs. 406.05 crore on a gross turnover of rs. 1,737.42 crore for the half-year ended september 2007, up from rs. 229.91 crore on a gross turnover of rs. 1,158.75 crore during the corresponding period last year.the figures for the period under review include the financial performance of erstwhile visaka cement industry, which was merged with icl effective july 2006. the operating margin has improved to 39.7 per cent for the first half of 2007-08, up from 34 per cent in the same period last year.the record profit comes even after providing rs. 9.37 crore towards the estimated cost of employee stock option scheme. further, an additional rs. 15.02 crore has been provided on account of as (accounting standard) 15 issued by icai towards leave salary cost. the profit after tax for the quarter ended september 2007 has improved to rs. 222.65 crore on gross sales rs. 896.09 crore, up from rs. 117.32 crore on gross sales of rs. 591.50 crore in the same period last year.addressing a press conference, n. srinivasan, vice-chairman and managing director, said the company controlled the cost better, improved the blending and reaped higher realisation. the average realisation for the second quarter was rs. 3,900 a tonne, up from rs. 3,600 in the first quarter. the average realisation for the first half was rs. 3,751 per tonne, he added.mr. srinivasan said the prices could go up from december. the firmness could persist during the entire last quarter, he added. answering a range of questions, he said icl had repaid debt to the tune of rs. 250 crore during the first half.labels: india cements










posted by raj @ 6:31 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, october 10, 2007



	 ramco systems - joins hands with corbus
    


ramco systems - corbus & ramco establish global partnership that enhances business valueramco systems ltd has announced that corbus and the company on october 09, 2007 has announced a global partnership that significantly enhances business value delivered to its customer through improvement in their supply chain management.the two companies are committed to provide a completely integrated, world-class solution that combines technology and outsourcing expertise and offered at extremely competitive price points. the partnership places corbus amongst few companies world-wide to offer procurement outsourcing solutions on a soa based technology platform."our proven technology expertise combined with procurement outsourcing experience of corbus promises a powerful value proposition for customers seeking flexible, reliable yet cost-effective solutions" says guru prasad, president, global consulting at the company.  source : bombay stock exchangelabels: ramco systems










posted by raj @ 8:42 am  
      
         2 comments











about me

name:  raj 
location:  india 
view my complete profile



important

please read following first five posts starting from december 27, 2005 if you are first time visitor

read first - invest later
to buy or not to buy
right stock - wrong time
a matter of trust
a comprehensive list (edited)






links

goooooogle
sharekhan
moneycontrol
national stock exchange ofindia
bombay stock exchange

previous posts

suven life sciences - patent granted
new stock ideas - strong buy
jagran & network18 comes together
gitanjali gems - ties up with italian company
ramco systems - gaining ground
micro technologies - too fast too furious
jagran prakashan - joins hands with yahoo
apologies for not updating the blog
tweak your portfolio
greenply - bumper q2 performance

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007

rss & atom feeds


atom

















word of the day








this day in history








quotation of the day








today's birthday









article of the day








in the news








hangman










 







mmorpg







daniel radcliffe








































disclaimer
this document is subject to changes without prior notice and is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed to and may contain confidential and/or privileged material and is not for any type of circulation. any review, retransmission, or any other use is prohibited. kindly note that this document does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction.
the information contained herein is from publicly available data or other sources believed to be reliable. while i would endeavour to update the information herein on reasonable basis, i am under no obligation to update or keep the information current. also, there may be regulatory, compliance, or other reasons that may prevent me from doing so. i do not represent that information contained herein is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. this document is prepared for assistance only and is not intended to be and must not alone betaken as the basis for an investment decision. the user assumes the entire risk of any use made of this information. each recipient of this document should make such investigations as it deems necessary to arrive at an independent evaluation of an investment in the securities of companies referred to in this document (including the merits and risks involved), and should consult its own advisors to determine the merits and risks of such an investment. the investment discussed or views expressed may not be suitable for all investors. i do not undertake to advise you as to any change of my views. i may have issued other reports that are inconsistent with and reach different conclusion from the information presented in this report. this report is not directed or intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction, where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law, regulation or which would subject me to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction. the securities described herein may or may not be eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to certain category of investors. persons in whose possession this document may come are required to inform themselves of and to observe such restriction. i may have used the information set forth herein before publication and may have positions in, may from time to time purchase or sell or may be materially interested in any of the securities mentioned or related securities. i may from time to time solicit from, or perform investment banking, or other services for, any company mentioned herein. without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall i or any third party involved in, or related to, computing or compiling the information have any liability for any damages of any kind. 
















