






full spectrum lights, natural balanced lighting | lumiram




























































skip to content
























products 








		classic light bulbs	



				chromalux® full spectrum light bulbs			





				lumichrome® full spectrum fluorescent			





				ecolume® full spectrum cfl			





				chromalux® pet & reptile			









		led bulbs	



				chromalux® full spectrum neo glass led			





				lumiram crisp™ led			





				lumiram natura™ led			





				led fluorescent			









		light therapy	



				bright light therapy for sad			





				red light therapy			









		systems	



				led track lighting			





				led pendant lighting			





				led showcase lighting			





				led panels			





				proline™ low voltage			





				proline™ metal halide			





				sanitization			





				accessories			










applications

home lighting
office lighting
restaurant and hospitality lighting
apparel store lighting
art gallery & museum lighting
jewelry store lighting
supermarket lighting
hospital lighting
dental lab lighting


about us
contact us








distributor portal












 












view products 
							pure natural light  
							well-being all year round 
							 


view products 
							lumiram 
							maker of full spectrum lamps since 1959 
							 


maker of
neodymium colored glass light sources 
							the original 
							 

















illuminating space with your health in mind
lumiram is the original maker of full spectrum neodymium colored glass light sources and chromalux® full spectrum lamp.
by bringing an aura of purity and freshness to colors, objects, and surroundings, chromalux® bathes spaces in a soothing and colorful light that maximizes your sense of well-being.
 









































our story starts in finland…


land of the midnight sun
chromalux® full spectrum lamp has its origin in finland, where life must be sustained in near total darkness during the winter months. extensive research and testing there resulted in the design of this unique light source, which closely simulates natural sunlight.
this lighting technology, brought to the u.s. by lumiram and its founders in the 1970s, has allowed people to see brighter and more vibrant colors, enhancing spaces and well-being alike.















pure natural light













see and feel better
all chromalux® full spectrum light bulbs are made of special composition glass which contains neodymium, an element that absorbs yellow and other dulling components of the light spectrum. as a result, light is purified, allowing the values of violet, blue, green, and red components to be strengthened, without an imbalance of one color over another.













inspired by nature for people













since humans first started using candles to illuminate their homes in the darkness, scientists have been striving to reproduce natural light.
fortunately, lumiram has succeeded.
enjoy the comfort and health benefits of the natural light spectrum any time of day with lumiram products.






view our products














contact info
call us toll free:
800-354-1044
 monday - friday: 9 am - 5:30 pm est 

mail:
sales@lumiram.com 
terms
privacy


useful links




				about chromalux®			





				chromalux® catalog			





				led catalog			





				about full spectrum lighting			





				wholesale			





our products




				chromalux® full spectrum			





				lumichrome® full spectrum			





				lumiram  led			





				light therapy			





				lighting systems			











        copyright 2025 © lumiram electric corp all rights reserved.
      










products
applications

home lighting
office lighting
restaurant and hospitality lighting
apparel store lighting
art gallery & museum lighting
jewelry store lighting
supermarket lighting
hospital lighting
dental lab lighting


about us
contact us



buy on healthlighting






distributor portal






we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept


































