





valueline - home






















            skip to content
        



value line: smart research. smarter investing















sign in


















dashboard


browse research



            markets
        



            find ideas
        



            investment education
        


subscribe



institutional









dashboard


browse research



            markets
        


overview


stock market today


economic calendar





            find ideas
        


overview


screener


model portfolios


portfolio tracker


alerts hub


watchlist


m&a service


special situations


select


dividend income & growth


select: etfs


the new etfs service


climate change





            investment education
        


overview


value line university


featured commentary


tool guides


faqs


instructional videos


understanding value line research


glossary




subscribe



institutional













due to the extreme weather in our area our phone lines are down. please email us at vlcr@valueline.com for any customer service related matters, or you can call us at a temporary number 903-636-1105.
to place an order please go to https://investors.valueline.com or call the temporary number 903-636-1105. we apologize for the inconvenience and hope to have the situation resolved soon. thank you for your understanding.








get more out of value line, so you can get more out of your investments.


for individuals

                    individuals get access to the most accurate and independently created financial research information.
                
get your free trial today 


for professionals

                    solutions covering a range of professional needs and proprietary research you can't find anywhere else.
                
get your free trial today


for libraries

                    unbiased information that integrates our fundamental research with quantitative disciplines.
                
get your free trial today












free webinarwe’ll help you find the one stock to buy right now.in this webinar, we will walk you through finding the one stock to buy now, and demonstrate how value line research tools make this process quick and easy!

register now









stock market today
make informed investment decisions with our analysts' commentary.

get our free daily market outlook and summary delivered to your inbox.for individual investors only.

sign up now









market focus
stay up to date on the market with our free weekly email newsletter!

market focus features analysis on individual stocks and industries of the dow 30. this publication is free and does not require a paid subscription.

subscribe now









                all the information you need to stay on top of the market — and in control of your portfolio.
            
value line has been providing unbiased, independent research for 90 years, and our proprietary value line ranking system is time tested in a way that others simply are not. our renowned single-page reports contain everything you need to know about any one of the approximately 1,700 stocks we follow.
start your free trial









why trust value line
value line has revolutionized the practice of securities analysis and is one of the nation’s largest independent investment research services.



70+
investment analysts


90+
years in business


5,800
 equities covered


2,500+
etfs


20,000
mutual funds








stock market today

               make informed investment decisions with our stock market today articles. get the latest thinking from our experts as they evaluate recent market and economic activity and their anticipated effect on the market. click here to have our free daily market outlook and summary delivered directly to your inbox.
            





stock market today: february 14, 2025
david m. reimer | 2/14/2025


stock trading looks to open in a mildly negative manner today, based on the futures market.
read more







stock market today: february 13, 2025
william g. ferguson | 2/13/2025
this morning, the attention of wall street is once again on the u.s. inflation situation and its impact on the federal reserve’s 2025 monetary policy course. read more




stock market today: february 12, 2025
john e. seibert iii | 2/12/2025
the futures markets are trading down about 1% on a relatively hot reading released for the consumer price index (cpi).  read more




stock market today: february 11, 2025
mario ferro | 2/11/2025
the major market indexes started the week on a positive foot. however, futures were suggesting stocks might give back some of those gains at the opening bell after president trump‘s latest tariff threats on aluminum and steel imports. read more












stay informed. discover opportunities. get investment ideas with value line!our analysts provide a view into the financial health and anticipated performance of companies, industries, sectors, and the overall economy. our independent, action-oriented analyst commentary can help you make profitable investment decisions.equity servicesdigital services and classic print publicationsselection servicesmonthly recommended stocks and etfsfunds and optionsmutual funds and options















value line


about value line


investor relations


enewsletters


help


mobile




institutional services


home


professional solutions


library services


free trial signup


contact institutional services




legal


terms & conditions


privacy policy


copyright & trademark




connect with us


linkedin


facebook


twitter




contact


your opinion matters to us. share your feedback

contact




© 2025 value line, inc. all rights reserved


















