








town of  wilbur | “the friendliest little town!”

































town of  wilbur
“the friendliest little town!”


menu
skip to content
welcome to wilbur!!
town hall

council members
council agendas
council minutes
public notices
fee schedules


job openings
services

utilities

water/sewer/garbage forms


emergency services

fire & ems
law enforcement


wilbur airport

faa information


community center
hesseltine public library
school
wilbur senior center
churches
chamber of commerce


parks & rec

wilbur cemetery
wilbur swimming pool
wilbur town park
big bend historical society museum
wilbur meadows orv park
big bend golf country club

orv and golf cart




community events

festival of lights
chamber of commerce banquet
cornhole tournament
wild goose bill days**may 17-18
wilbur community yard sales


forms & permits
building information
calendar of events
business directory || contact us
 






welcome to wilbur!!


visit wilbur, located in scenic lincoln county on highway 2. nestled in the midst of wheat country, wilbur is all small-town appeal! outdoor recreation is popular with the locals and visitors. wilbur is only a 30-minute drive to lake roosevelt, grand coulee dam or banks lake and about an hour from spokane.
already live in wilbur or considering a move here?  let this be your one-stop guide to learning about setting up a home in our quiet farming community. wilbur is perfect for telecommuting, raising a family, retiring or opening a small business. spend some time here and you will see why people return time and again. wilbur town hall 509-647-5821.
 

new online bill pay option: use a credit card to pay your utility bill online! just click the blue button and a link will open to the online payment webpage. there is a 4% service fee for all visa/mastercard/discover transactions. this will be reflected on your credit card statement as a separate transaction. you will need your account number, payment amount and credit card information to complete this form. a receipt will be emailed to you. town hall does not accept credit card payments over the phone.
for information about lincoln county and its services click here.










“we have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe and for that i am extremely grateful.” ~stephen hawking access wilbur’s municipal code, town ordinances and resolutions by clicking here. printed copies available by request at town hall

 

emergency water shut off: if you live in the area of alder/cliff to raymond/cliff, you could be affected. public works working to repair it. service will be restored asap.
time to renew your annual dog license! stop in town hall for the 2024 tags. pay by may 1 to avoid potential fines.
town council meeting june 4, 7:00 p.m. at town hall. attend in person, via zoom or by phone 1-844-855-4444, code 1130603.
public works dept. now on summer hours: mon-thurs 6am – 4pm. $35 charge for service requests outside these hours.

      
who was wild goose bill?  
click for stories about our town founder.

 




				proudly powered by wordpress			






