fort lauderdale restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in fort lauderdale by diningguide
homeaboutcontactfort lauderdale restaurantsmobile versionen españolwebsite directory list your restaurant (free) add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > fort lauderdale home pagefort lauderdale restaurantsrestaurant posts“restaurant menus here”“we offer breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner, band night & cocktails menus.…”posted by: galuppi's“we offer only the best and most delicious comfort food”“dixie bbq is a casual, fast food restaurant located in hollywood, florida (with another l…”posted by: dixie bbq kosher restaurant“ihop”“for 60 years, the ihop family restaurant chain has served our world famous pancakes and a…”posted by: ihop restaurantrestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“ok but pricey”member, rick, miami - “latin oriented, small caf# in a gas station. very busy, lo…”said about: panna cafe express“good food and service”member, rick, miami - “first time there with friends for breakfast. quite small w…”said about: luckie's cafe“the child unfriendly restaurant”non-member, reader - “my wife and i took our five year old granddaughter to break…”said about: lester's dinerwe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)


welcome to metroguide.network's fort lauderdale diningguide, a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan fort lauderdale, florida. use metroguide's diningguide service to find fort lauderdale restaurants by location or cuisine. try our dining search box (above), to look for a particular name or address, or use our fort lauderdale overview map (at left), to jump to dining options.

greater fort lauderdale's some 3,500 restaurants range from tiny cafes to expansive al fresco waterfront dining. an abundance of quaint bistros, ethnic enclaves and top-rated steak and seafood houses bolster the venice of america's reputation as a world-class destination for pleasurable culinary exploration.




diningguide fort lauderdale is part of metroguide fort lauderdale, offering guides to events, shopping, nightlife, hotels, attractions and more for south florida. 

diningguide has additional south florida restaurant information at diningguide palm beaches, diningguide miami and the diningguide florida keys.

fort lauderdale dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan fort lauderdale 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·fort lauderdale
includes downtown, airport area, wilton manors, oakland park 

·las olas
restaurants on and near fashionable las olas boulevard

·central broward
the center of the county, west of the turnpike. includes tamarac, north lauderdale, sunrise, plantation and lauderhill 

·northwest broward
dining in the suburbs of coral springs, margate and parkland 

·northeast broward
dining options located in northeast broward county, north of mcnab road and east of 441, including pompano beach and deerfield beach 

·pembroke pines - miramar
includes all of pembroke pines east and west of i-75 
·hollywood - southeast broward
the mainland areas of hollywood, and dania, including young circle 

·hollywood beach
dania beach, hollywood beach and hallandale beach restaurants, many located in between the intracoastal and the atlantic 

·fort lauderdale beach
dining on the intracoastal and a1a, including beach place 

·weston - bonaventure
southwest broward county west of i-75 

·davie - cooper city
the davie - cooper city area has a concentration of excellent restaurants

·palm beaches metro
dining options north of broward county, in the communities of palm beach county 

·miami metro
restaurants south of broward county, in the communities of miami-dade county 

fort lauderdale dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant 
listings will be grouped by location). in particular, we  
recommend that you have a look at our new restaurants section, which we 
continually update just as soon as we hear about exciting new places to eat.
new restaurantslow-carb itemsamericanamerican - casualargentinianasianbakerybarbequebrazilianbritishbuffetcafecajuncaribbeanchickenchinesecoffeecontinental - europeancubandelicatessendessertdinerfast foodfine diningfonduefrenchfusiongermangreekhealthy - naturalice cream - yogurtindianinternationalirishitalianjapanesekoshermediterraneanmexicanmiddle easternnew worldpizzeriapubssandwichesseafoodsoups & saladsspanishsteaksushithai
to return to the diningguide fort lauderdale home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at fort lauderdale restaurantsdragalicious game show - tuesdays hosted by the lady larouge. come play games, see a show and win some great prizes! $5 frozen cosmos,… nightlife - adult theme lips fort lauderdaleevery tue dining with the divas you never know who's coming to dinner! come see all your favorite stars in one night… dining - dinner show lips fort lauderdale 954-567-0987every sun every thu majestic saturdays @ aizia entry at doorperson's discretion! dining, entertainment & dancing presented as the definition of lux… nightlife - dance aizia (the diplomat landing) 786-970-7403every sat sunday brunch at blue moon fish co. featuring oysters, mussels, crab cakes, plated entrees and more… dining - dining specials blue moon fish companyevery sun wine and dine wednesdays join us for half-priced wines from our selection of more than 60 wines by the glass every wednesday… nightlife - theme night village tavern (the shops at pembroke gardens) 954-874-1001every wed rumba thursday nights features free bull rides for the ladies, dj spinning salsa and merengue music, special two for one d… nightlife - ladies night cadillac ranch (the village at gulfstream park)every thu « top of pageadjacent links:miami restaurantspalm beaches restaurantsrelated links:suggest a restaurant new restaurants daytona beach restaurantsflorida keys restaurantsspace coast restaurants treasure coast restaurants fort myers restaurants jacksonville restaurantsnaples restaurants orlando restaurantspensacola restaurantssarasota - bradenton restaurants tallahassee restaurantstampa - st. petersburg restaurants metroguide.network > diningguide > fort lauderdale home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide fort lauderdale are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionsdirectoryupdatesmore locations...full map



fort lauderdale restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritesla piazza pasta cafesiam oishiganey's bar & restaurantjeff's beach house grillcalifornia pizza kitchenegg & you dinerazteca realseasons 52dicey riley'smaguire's hill 16geronimos grill & baremilio's italian restaurantla brasa rotisserie & grilljapan cafe - asian grillbenihana


