


stage rental and audio - lighting rentals by concertaudio. event production ga, nc, sc, fl, al








outdoor stage rental


 concert 
    audio productions.com
audio 
    production,stage rental, lighting 
    rental, event photos.

stage: 
    our outdoor portable stages are complete packages. rental includes transportation, 
    labor, leveling, skirting and stairs. 
portable staging rentals along with production roofs 
    and truss lighting rigs.  concertaudio serves 
    the live event market. specializing in outdoor events mostly concerts and 
    festivals.
 
audio: line array rentals 
vdosc 
    line array rental atlanta, ga
expecting 15,000 or 150 people we have the correct 
    equipment to cover the event. our large format audio systems consist of the 
    vdosc line array. our smaller systems consist of top name brand equipment 
    to meet the needs of event. meeting the requirements of top name artist or 
    making a local band sound great. 
roof : cover your outdoor stage with a great 
    looking roof. this roof system is complete. included is of course the roof 
    itself, however, our method lifts the roof with with 4 separate towers. the 
    roof towers provide a safe proven lifting system. the roof towers also provide 
    speaker wings. the speaker wings raise the speakers off the ground and allow 
    for better sound distribution. the other added advantage is speakers do not 
    taking up stage space to accomplish this. the towers can house the audio rig. 
    event sponsors play a big role in budgets. having banners at major patron 
    areas gives them the exposure they expect. our roof tower system generates 
    client exposure by providing two 7 or 14 foot wide and 20 or 25 foot high 
    (dependent of client requirements) towers to display the sponsor names. the 
    front of the roof also provides a space for banners. the dimensions are 3.5 
    foot of height and 20 foot across. roof is load bearing and supports the demands 
    professional lighting rigs. 
 lighting rental systems, to complete the concert 
    look we have a full arsenal of lighting equipment. standard pars, follow spots, 
    and intelligent light fixtures. please view our photos of a few past events. 
    
 
 


 
  industrial sound & lighting rental: concert audio








add 
  concertaudio to your favorites 
concertaudio.com 
  site map 
 
 
 
 
 
 


