



lasik laser eye surgery - prk and lasik today eye site




































lasik laser eye surgery










prk and lasik today is dedicated to bringing you independent and unbiased information on lasik  eye surgery,  and other refractive eye surgery. lasik and prk laser eye treatments have made it possible for hundreds of thousands to see without depending on glasses or contacts.
find out the facts about lasik, where to go for lasik, and how to talk with the people who know about laser eye surgery. for more information about prk please visit our sister web site www.prk.com.
be sure to visit our lasik guest book before you leave.

please read prk and lasik today legal disclaimer before proceeding.























home page

















prk & lasik worldwide directory




worldwide directory of medical professionals




refractive surgeons/lasik clinics
patient financing for lasik
cataract surgeons and specialists
laser vision marketing consultant
contact lens specialists and manufacturers
laser manufacturers
medical equipment supplier
drug/pharmaceutical supplier














what is lasik?






basic description
detailed description of lasik
																		
													with photos of actual procedure
lasik evaluation exam
lasik preoperative tests
lasik contraindications
lasik vs prk - comparing lasik to prk
advantages of lasik
risks and complications of lasik
alternatives to lasik
lasik post-operative tips









  





what is dry eye sydrome?






signs and symptoms of dry eye
the neural arc and tear production
screening for dry eye syndrome
factors that contribute to dry eyes
treatment for dry eye syndrome
   list of artificial tears and lubricants













the lasik envelope




determining the diameter of the optical zone,
													ablation depth, and minimum corneal thickness required for lasik treatment of myopia.




tables for calculating ablation depth and minimum corneal thickness




munnerlyn formula , technolas 217, mel-70














lasik & prk faqs





frequently asked questions.

patient testimonials
lasik - what to expect






is lasik laser eye surgery for me?





who can't have lasik. a short quiz to find out.












price of lasik, payment options, patient financing for lasik















lasik, prk & laser eye surgery





glossary of terms














what's new at
																				prk and lasik today 




site additions,
													fda approval press releases,
links to other web sites












prk, laser eye surgery, spectacles, reading stones





a brief history of the inventions of sight.














medical section - 




frank discussions on lasik, prk, rk, alk and other aspects of laser eye surgery for ophthalmologists, optometrists and other professionals in medicine.






for more information about prk 
											please visit our sister web site













e-mail this page to a friend   
							enter your friend's e-mail address  :












for more information contact:
dr. murray mcfadden(bsc, md, frcs(c), diplomate of the
							american board of ophthalmology)
© copyright 1996-2003 murray mcfadden md, inc.


email: m2@lasik1.com
telephone: (604) 530-3332
fax: (604) 535-6258
snailmail: 20434 64th avenue, unit #201,
							langley, bc canada v2y 1n4




this page last updated on november 1, 2004.
								
						
				web page programmer turnaround type and graphics






