


















	wwpi  - home of the western preserved wood industry
































login







 











  







search








home


services



aquatic & agriculture
lumber and plywood
fire retardant
utility poles
regulatory affairs



membership



treater members
associate members
supporting members



leadership



wwpi mission
officers and staff



resources



preservedwood.org
woodpoles.org
smartphone app
industry links
contact us


































 









































the online home for western wood preservers institute






here's what's happening at wwpi:







members only! the western treating industry will convene for the 2025 winter meeting feb. 19-20. the meeting will be held at the hilton vancouver washington hotel in the downtown area near vancouver's waterfront. the two-day session features guest speakers, updates on committee activities and the board of directors meeting. for more details, see the members only section.







check out the new wwpi online euniversity with courses on preserved wood and fire retardant wood which qualify for continuing education units (ceus). both self-guided and narrated versions of each course are available.







get guidance on the proper disposal of treated wood waste (tww) in california at a new wwpi website twwdisposal.org, complete with links to a current list of landfills accepting tww. 







watch how preserved wood is made and its many uses where durability and long service life is required.







members only! review the exclusive quality control education section with training modules for in-plant quality control. the training materials can be used for individual training or for group sessions. see more details in the members only section.






visit the preserved wood online tech library for up to date information and recommendations.







see the online environmental assessment model to assess potential impacts of using preserved wood in or above water.







looking for preserved wood? check out the sources of supply publication in the exclusive preserved wood technical library.







catch up on current news on our facebook and pinterest pages.







explore all things related to preserved wood utility poles on the woodpoles.org website.













what we do





wwpi works on behalf of its members to increase public understanding and confidence in preserved wood products and secure reasonable and economic regulations regarding the production and use of these products. guided by an active membership, the institute's services are provided for the following product groups or issues:

aquatic & agriculture
lumber and plywood
fire retardant
utility poles
regulatory affairs

the institute is a non-profit organization supported through the financial contributions from three membership groups:

treater members - companies who operate facilities that pressure treat wood products
supporting members - companies directly affiliated with the industry through supplying preservatives or engaged in major wood products wholesaling
associate members - companies providing services or deriving benefits from the wood preserving industry

for more information on wwpi services and membership, please use the navigation bar at the top of this page to go to the respective section. to contact wwpi, please click on the resources link and select contact us.











 






open only to treater, associate and supporting members. if you do not have a password, contact wwpi. 










 





wood questions? get answers!
preservedwood.org



everything you need to know about western preserved wood is just a click away with the new website preservedwood.org.
discover how wood is preserved by using pressure to infuse preservatives into the wood fiber. explore the preservatives used today which are safe for people and the environment and offer durability and long-lasting performance. see the variety of ways preserved wood can be used in residential, commercial and industrial applications.
the website features an exclusive preserved wood technical library, offering an extensive collection of downloadable publications, technical sheets and design tools to properly select, specify and use western preserved wood for almost any project.
>>check out preservedwood.org today!


see the hottest new site
on fire retardant wood



learn how wood is protected from fire through pressure treating with fire retardants in the new, full-featured website fireresistantwood.org.
explore how fire retardant wood products are made and how they work to protect structures against fire. discover the advantages of pressure treating vs. surface coatings and find out more about the interior and exterior fire retardant treatments used by western manufacturers today. 
>>take a look at fireresistantwood.org today!






































































copyright 2025 western wood preservers institute


privacy statement
        |
        terms of use



















  























