



























































	welcome | corona realty



skip to main content


corona realty



 

















    home
    
    






    search
    
    






    our listings
    
    






    about corona realty
    
    
        




meet the team


corona realty video







    join our team
    
    






    resources
    
    
        




buyers info


sellers info


owning your home


neighborhood info


finance tools


mortgage info


school information


91 express lanes


the toll roads


metrolink







    contact
    
    








 



sign in
register










































 corona realty your premier real estate agents   

search by city, zip code, school district, or mls#









search by city, zip code, or mls#




 search
    





          
corona realty


about the team


951-316-2230

email

 
  welcome!please explore the resources within our website, you will find everything you need to buy or sell a home as well as learn about the market value. you can search for homes with detailed descriptions, photos, community and school information and much more.we are available to address all of your real estate needs. please give us a call or email when you are ready to visit some homes, or to schedule a free home buying or selling consultation. we look forward to working with you!    

how much is your home worth?
get an instant home value estimate

 


 get report  







featured property

view recent listings
view recent sales







5345 la sierra avenue

            riverside, ca 92505
        

3 bedrooms
, 2 bathrooms


            $609,999
        

            welcome home to this charming single story 3 bed, 2 bath home in desirable west riverside. this stunning home has been beautifully renovated and shows true pride of ownership. step inside onto gorgeous deep mahogany colored hardwood floors and feel the immense spacious and airy layout. the ultra-modern kitchen is newly remodeled with white-on-white inlaid wood cabinetry, stone countertops and full glass-tile backsplash, complete with stainless appliances, gas stove/oven and farmhouse front kitchen sink. just off the living room and down the sun-lit sky lighted hallway, you'll find 2 good sized bedrooms, full sized renovated guest bathroom, oversized indoor laundry room, and 2 huge hall closets. at the rear of the hallway is the master suite with its own fully remodeled bathroom. both bathrooms feature porcelain tile and have water conserving low flow fixtures and toilets. adorned with plantation shutters, colonial panel doors & panel wardrobe doors through-out. this home has had all copper piping installed (2016) & has all new led lighting, newer whole house water filtration system plus an additional kitchen water filtration system under the sink that runs to the refrigerator for clean water & ice. owner recently installed a brand-new water heater :) the lot size for this property is 9,100 sf with an over-sized front yard, lush lawn with sprinklers on timer, mature fruit bearing orange & apricot trees. new 3-year-old roof with solar (11 panels) and has brand new weather stripping through the entire home to help keep this lovely home energy efficient in every way possible. with the spacious lot size being just under 10,000 sf there is plenty of room for everything from parking your multiple vehicles and toys, so bring your boat or rv and stop paying for storage. at the rear of the property past the garage is an extra-large 12' x 10' "tuff shed" with a loft for even more storage. close to everything, schools, parks, shopping restaurants and the riverside la sierra metrolink station. with everything this property has to offer, it makes this home the best deal around!
        
view details





 


search for homes
search




explore communities
explore




ask a question
contact


  




home
search
contact
sitemap
copyright
privacy
terms of use





corona realty


office address

corona realty

231 e. alessandro blvd. #a 606
riverside, ca 92508
phone: 951-371-4700



contact
email: greg@coronarealty.com
license: dre# 00819099



 


copyright © 2025 smartsites.org . 
 agent website tools      agent crm




































privacy policy | 
terms of use
website designed by constellation1, a division of constellation web solutions, inc.





