


  



 



atlanta design & build remodeling | kitchens, additions, whole house







































 


                loading...
            










 call us : 770-565-8999
 email : ahmoffice@alairhomes.com
























  





  





  






               home                            


               galleries
               
  

kitchen remodeling gallery
bathroom remodeling gallery
home additions gallery
whole house remodeling gallery
basement finishing gallery
outdoor living & exterior specialities gallery
interior remodeling & specialities gallery




               about
               
  

who we are
project videos
affiliations
awards

mission & values




               resources
               
  

homestyle system
remodeling questions & answers
remodeling newsletters




               services 
               
  

kitchen remodeling services
bathroom remodeling services
home additions services
whole house remodeling services
basement finishing services
outdoor living & exterior specialities services
interior remodeling & specialities services




               blog                            


                contact
                 







 















we design and build perfect living spaces for your home!



get started now 













exclusive homestyle™ remodeling process

                                 as a home remodeling contractor in marietta, atlanta design & build has developed a process that adds lasting value to any home remodeling project. we use our own, unique, 4-step process to uncover long-term needs that you may not have considered, create a design that perfectly suits your expectations, develop a plan that keeps the remodeling project on target and on budget, and we are so certain you will be happy with our craftsmanship that we warranty it for 2 years.
                              
more info  






watch the slideshow on our homestyle™ process














client testimonial














latest posts















about atlanta design & build




kitchen remodeling, bathroom remodeling, whole house renovations
for over 20 years atlanta design & build has been serving marietta, cobb county and north metro atlanta with the highest quality design/build home remodeling services.
our dedicated craftsmen are fully prepared to transform your house into the perfect home. the extra space an addition provides may be just what your growing family needs, your outdated kitchen may be crying for a makeover, or you simply may need to remodel your whole house. for all these, you can count on atlanta design & build to deliver the ideal solution.
one way we ensure success is through our exclusive homestyle™ system. this system helps lead us to understand your wants, needs, and desires so we can create a design that reflects your lifestyle. through our years of remodeling, we've learned the right questions to ask. then, after careful consideration of your answers, we offer suggestions and develop a design and plan of action keeping your needs and your budget in mind.
transforming your home may be a single project or may involve multiple projects performed over a timeline comfortable for you. when we are finished we want you to feel as though you're in the perfect home whenever you walk in the door.




our expertise includes:
kitchen remodeling
							   our team of expert designers and fine craftsmen work with you to create the space that’s right for you. and we make the process easy. as you work through all of the selections for your kitchen—such as cabinets, countertops, lighting, and more—we provide professional guidance.
bathroom remodeling
							   do you feel that your bathroom is getting way out of date, needing a makeover and style transformation to serve your family well both for today and tomorrow? we will develop a design to enhance your lifestyle.
basement completions and renovations
							   whether your basement is unfinished—or it’s been finished but no longer meets your family’s needs—our creative team can transform it into a space that functions well for your family and enhances the style of your home. the possibilities are endless: home theater, game room, wine cellar, in-law suite, office, and more.
whole house renovations
							   you may have bought your home because you like the neighborhood or the schools, but the house leaves a lot to be desired. or maybe your situation in life has changed and the house that used to work for you no longer does. it could be time to remodel the entire house and make it a real home for your family. this is not a time for mistakes. our team of construction experts and designers can help you visualize the big picture before it becomes reality.
outdoor living spaces and more...







proud supporter of











get started now



fill out our get started form today!




 














atlanta design & build



1631 canton road
marietta, 
            ga
30066

770-565-8999
ahmoffice@alairhomes.com



































privacy policysite by rt marketing
© 2025 atlanta design & build. all rights reserved.















 









×



































