





















mary craig ministries - breaking spiritual strongholds and bondages through the grace and power of jesus christ







español




 search



 

welcome
			to mary craig ministries!

 







about us
worship




teaching, training, and transforming
			lives through the gospel of jesus christ and the power of the holy spirit

forgiveness, eternal life (salvation), healing, and restoration
				through jesus christ
deliverance from spiritual strongholds and bondage
ministering through bible study, prayer, worship, digital
				media, literature, and worldwide missions.







what we believe
spiritual warfare








news & views archive
faith of our fathers








missions to the nations
barnabas project








prophetic messages
audio bible studies








healing, deliverance, life
divine appointment radio








calendar of events
mcmtffr library








favorite places
free books download







article
archives | youtube channel





teaching series: truth for all
			time





incarnation,
						the word of god made flesh by dr. mary craig
						december 3, 2023

the incarnation of jesus christ is the foundation
						of the whole work of atonement, the means to the end, god’s way of putting away sin and its consequences. the atonement
						was necessary because of sin entering the system and rendering humanity into an estate of sin and misery. salvation
						is all about getting back to the father. jesus is the way. he is full of grace and truth. he is the life. 

						did jesus fulfill his mission sufficiently? who is the child conceived of the holy spirit and born of the virgin,
						mary?
we'll explore this and more as we continue our series,
						"truth for all time."











identifying
						the voice of the lord by dr. mary craig
						november 26, 2023

many people over the years have asked about identifying
						the voice of the lord. 
						in today's message, dr. mary gives guidelines on how to do that. 
						we'll explore this and more as we continue our series, "truth for all time."
may you be enriched as you allow the holy spirit to apply
						to you the word of god for his glory and for your benefit.
						.
.










call
						91:1 twenty-four seven anytime, anywhere by dr.
						mary craig
						october 15, 2023

we thought things were bad around the globe, and many
						blame climate change for just about everything that happens these days. on april 4, 2023, i had received a “word”
						from the lord that dark days were ahead…; you can read on the prophetic page for 2023.
						then came the attack on israel and the declaration, “we are at war.” people call it israel’s 9-11. most of those
						around the world who keep watch over israel know this marks a notable day in world history. life changed, and right
						now, life is changing again. 

						what is our hope? what is our comfort? how can we hold fast to truth for all time?








pray
						the doxologies by
						dr. mary craig
						june 8, 2023

praying the doxologies of the new testament has
						great benefits. find out more!








the
						anointing 2023 by
						dr. mary craig
						june 14, 2023

what is the anointing? does every true believer
						have it? 

						how does a person keep from being a victim of his/her own lusts and ungodliness? how does a community of believers
						in christ fight and resist when it finds itself assaulted by the spirit of antichrist?




go to mcmtffr.org or
			marycraig.podbean.com to listen to all of the recorded teaching from mcm.






words received
the upcoming year: 2024



word received by dr. mary craig
									tuesday, dec. 26, 2023






this coming up year 2024 will be a year
									of real change.

james 1:2-4 nkjv my brethren, count it all
										joy when you fall into various trials, knowing that the testing of your faith produces patience. but let patience
										have its perfect work, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking nothing.
1 peter 1: 3-5 blessed be the god and father
										of our lord jesus christ, who according to his abundant mercy has begotten us again to a living hope through the
										resurrection of jesus christ from the dead, to an inheritance incorruptible and undefiled and that does not fade
										away, reserved in heaven for you, who are kept by the power of god through faith for salvation ready to be revealed
										in the last time.

many people around the world are going
									through the same thing. so many people around the world are experiencing the same temptations and hardships.

1 corinthians 10:13 no temptation has overtaken
										you except such as is common to man; but god is faithful, who will not allow you to be tempted beyond what you
										are able, but with the temptation will also make the way of escape, that you may be able to bear it.

be of good cheer. those who have been
									redeemed by the blood of the lamb, who have been bought with a price, those who are born out of god ones; hold
									fast to the word of truth.

kjv galatians 2:20 i am crucified with christ:
										nevertheless, i live; yet not i, but christ liveth in me: and the life which i now live in the flesh i live by
										the faith of the son of god, who loved me, and gave himself for me.
esv galatians 2:20 i have been crucified
										with christ; it is no longer i who live, but christ lives in me; and the life which i now live in the flesh i live
										by faith in the son of god, who loved me and gave himself for me.

let the word dwell in you richly.

john 14:27 peace i leave with you, my peace
										i give to you; not as the world gives do i give to you. let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.
john 16:33 these things i have spoken to
										you, that in me you may have peace. in the world you will have tribulation; but be of good cheer, i have overcome
										the world.

remember the unfailing love of god as
									you fight the good fight of faith.
follow the lamb and you will find the
									lion of judah.
and finally, watch your step. the king
									of kings and lord of lords is coming soon. amen

									mary craig, d. min.
									received december 26, 2023
									@ craig residence





© 2023 mary craig ministries. all rights reserved.

all words received by mary craig and others









salvation in a sentence

by grace (ephesians 2.8, 9; titus 3.5; romans 6.23)
you see your true condition; (romans 3.23; proverbs 14.12)
understand the nature of god (1 john 1:1-5; 1 john 4.8-10; isaiah 6.3; exodus 34.7; psalm 89.23)
and who jesus is and what he did; (john 1.1,14; john 3.16; isaiah 53; acts 2.36; romans .8-11)
perceive the need to repent of sin, believe in jesus and his word that
							he died to pay the penalty for your sin and rose from the dead; (1 corinthians 15.3, 4; john 5.39,40)
receive him as savior, lord, and master, (john 1.12; luke 16.13; acts 4.12; 1 john 5.11-13)
to follow him in full trust, reliance, and confidence (luke 12.31, 32)
and receive the free gift of eternal life (john 6.47; john 17.3; 1 john 5.10-13).










top of page


mary craig ministries, inc.
ft. lauderdale, florida
usa
email: mary@marycraig.org







fair use act disclaimer
			this site is non-profit and for educational purposes only!!
**fair use**
			copyright disclaimer under section 107 of the copyright act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for
			purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, education and research.
			fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.
last updated 12/31/23





copyright © 2000-present mary craig ministries,
			inc.
 

website created and maintained
			by kroytech 
		





top of page




about us | our mission
			| what we believe | news&views
			| missions | healing,deliverance...
			| prophetic | events
			| favorite places | about eternal life | terms
			of use






