



ihmc






























































 











































search for:






menu

research 

agile computing
human-machine teamwork
computational & philosophical foundations
cybersecurity
healthspan, resilience & performance
human-machine communication & language processing
intentions, beliefs & trust
knowledge discovery, data science, learning from big data
knowledge modeling, work analysis & simulation, and expertise studies
augmentics
robotics, exoskeletons, & human robotic interdependence
visualization & human-centered displays


study participation
cmaptools
people
about 

the ihmc story
science advisory council
board of directors
opportunities
contact
ihmc internal


outreach 

evening lectures
science saturdays
robotics camp
teacher and parent resources
news
newsletters
stem-talk
art of innovation – “mentor”


 










the institute for human & machine cognition (ihmc) pioneers technologies aimed at leveraging and extending human capabilities.
explore our research areas to see what we’re doing.
featured research






				
welcome to the robotics lab. we aim to change the future through innovation of robotics systems and the way they interact with humans. ...			


welcome to the robotics lab. we aim to change the future through innovation of robotics systems and the way they interact with humans. visit our lab website here to learn more about our work, our team, our goals!
 
 



robotics, exoskeletons, & human robotic interdependence









				ihmc researchers develop conceptual and computational models of expert knowledge and reasoning, and of complex cognitive work, as a core element to the paradigm of human-centered computing. ihmc research in this area is conducted by associate director and senior research scientist alberto j. cañas and senior research scientists william j. clancey and ...			

				ihmc researchers develop conceptual and computational models of expert knowledge and reasoning, and of complex cognitive work, as a core element to the paradigm of human-centered computing. ihmc research in this area is conducted by associate director and senior research scientist alberto j. cañas and senior research scientists william j. clancey and robert r. hoffman.
ihmc’s work on knowledge modeling involves representing a person’s understanding of a domain of knowledge in a form that others can easily comprehend. such models are useful for learning, knowledge preservation, and organization of information. ihmc researchers have...			

knowledge modeling, work analysis & simulation, and expertise studies









				future infrastructures will be adaptive to comply with security policies established at the time of deployment and to allow systems to autonomously learn, by example, about acceptable changes in configuration and applications. policies and trust inferences will be based on distributed similarity estimates within hierarchical functional groups which are autonomously formed as nodes exchange...			

				future infrastructures will be adaptive to comply with security policies established at the time of deployment and to allow systems to autonomously learn, by example, about acceptable changes in configuration and applications. policies and trust inferences will be based on distributed similarity estimates within hierarchical functional groups which are autonomously formed as nodes exchange information about their configuration and state. these self-regulating and self-healing infrastructures will provide the much needed flexibility and robustness to enable system security and information assurance capabilities for future military and civilian tactical infrastructures.
to realize this vision, ihmc research scientists...			

cybersecurity






see all research areas 


 






uwf-ihmc joint ph.d. program in intelligent systems and robotics
learn more









outreach




talks

science saturdays


news
newsletters










upcoming evening lectures









 pensacola
//
 march 4, 2025

michael larson
event details coming soon.

more info 




all pensacola lectures 









 ocala
//
 march 11, 2025

butler hine
the promise of spacecraft swarm missions

more info 




all ocala lectures 





recent episodes of stem-talk





episode 178: karl herrup discusses the shortcomings of alzheimer’s research

  // 
													 feb 5, 2025








episode 177: frank butler talks about revolutionizing combat casualty care

  // 
													 jan 16, 2025






 






view our latest newsletters




















view archived newsletters















last gallery from pensacola





november 23, 2024
nicole esposito
3-d printing
view gallery 




last gallery from ocala





december 7, 2024
dr. manal fakhoury
candy chromatography
view gallery 




 














latest news

  stem-talk: karl herrup on shortcomings of alzheimer’s research pensacola attorney joins ihmc board of directors join a clinical trial to uncover the health benefits of exercise in older adults stem-talk: frank butler on revolutionizing combat casualty care three researchers awarded at the takeoff: northwest florida pitch day    dr. pascal lee kicks off 2025 evening lectures in pensacola science saturdays return for 2025 with new hands-on learning opportunities eva exoskeleton gets a real-world test run stem-talk: hans van dongen on the cognitive toll of fatigue and sleep loss ihmc unveils new leadership team to build on legacy of innovation  









participate
the ihmc society welcomes your tax- deductible contribution to benefit the research and outreach programs of the florida institute for human & machine cognition (ihmc). 
the board of directors of the florida institute for human & machine cognition appreciate your generosity and look forward to your further participation in the activities of the ihmc public lecture series. 
for more information on how to directly link yourself or your company to the work of ihmc, please call 850-202-4400.


donation levels

benefactors' circle: $1,000 or more (special invitations to dinner with speakers, autographed books, reserved seating and private receptions)

speakers' circle: $500-$999 (reserved seating and private receptions)

friend: $100-$499 



paypal



 









 





ihmc newsletter









the ihmc newsletter is generally published two to four times a year. it contains general information about what is going on at ihmc, including research projects, new employees, and outreach programs.
view current issue
view archived newsletters 





subscribe to ihmc newsletters






















 





donate to ihmc



ihmc is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization. we appreciate your generosity and look forward to your participation in future ihmc activities.



click the area you would like to donate to


pensacola evening lecture
ocala evening lecture
science saturday





general donation
paypal giving fund donation to ihmc










 

 




privacy policy | fcoi policy
© 2025 ihmc







 
 
 



