








golden oaks golf club | bogey's pub | berks county, pa


















































































610-944-6000
info@goldenoaksgolfclub.com



facebook




instagram


 





facebook




instagram



 












home
tee times
golf

golf course
memberships
golf simulators
pro shop
golf rates
scorecard
about us


contests & raffles
host an event

stay and play


bogeys pub
events
news
contact us
employment
 


select page


  
 
 

















welcome to golden oaks
golden oaks is an award-winning high-end semi-private golf club open to the public and offers golfers a “country club experience” without country club prices.
book a tee time











golden oaks golf club
golden oaks is an award-winning high-end semi-private golf club open to the public and offers golfers a “country club experience” without country club prices.

book a tee time











tee times
golden oaks is located in scenic berks county, rated one of the top public courses in pennsylvania that offer golfers a “country club experience” without country club prices.



book now






pro shop
the pro shop at golden oaks offers professional advice along with a wide variety of brand-name balls, clubs, and shoes along with logo apparel and accessories.



learn more






bogeys pub
whether you worked up an appetite out on the course and want a great burger, or you are out on the town and want a four-course meal – bogeys pub at golden oaks can make it happen.



click here






upcoming events
there are things to do all year long at golden oaks. check out the schedule of events for information on upcoming tournaments, scrambles, charity fundraisers, and more.



learn more








eat. drink. play golf.
golden oaks is an award-winning high-end semi-private golf club offering golfers a “country club experience” without country club prices. with five sets of tees, golfers of every skill level will enjoy their game. golden oaks has a beautiful restaurant and bar, pro shop, driving range, and bed and breakfast that will complete any visit. golden oaks golf club is the perfect venue for corporate functions and golf tournaments and is the home of the piaa eastern pa championship.

book tee time








 25 january 2025 michelob ultra winter shootout2025 michelob ultra winter shootoutdate jan 25  -  mar 23, 2025time  all day eventsign up today for our 2025 michelob ultra winter shootout simulator tournaments to compete virtually in courses across the globe.more info







































subscribe to the newsletterit's the easiest and best way to be informed about upcoming special events and programs at golden oaks!




success!



name



email





subscribe












 













golden oaks
10 stonehedge drivefleetwood, pa 19522






email
susan@goldenoaksgolfclub.com






phone
(610) 944-6000






golf shop hours
8 am – 4 pm, 7 days a week






bogeys pub hours
closed for the month of january. will re-open in february.













© golden oaks golf club. all rights reserved. website design by fxv digital design.



 









 


 


































 skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






sitemapsitemap 








