














department of ophthalmology » college of medicine » university of florida


































skip to main content





skip to main menu






uf health






      university of florida
      













        department of ophthalmology
      



          college of medicine
        










book an appointment









open search







open main menu










main navigation




        home
                          - current page











        about us
                              





show submenu for about us




about us overview








        chair's welcome message
                              







        patient care
                              





        research
                              





        residents & fellows
                              





show submenu for residents & fellows




residents & fellows overview








        grand rounds
                              





        residents & fellows training portal
                              





        research training in vision science t32
                              








        research training in vision science- nei t32 mentors
                              








        research training in vision science- nei t32 trainees
                              







        forms
                              







        alumni
                              





        recruitment
                              





show submenu for recruitment




recruitment overview








        gainesville
                              








        recreation
                              








        micro breweries
                              








        farmers' markets
                              








        museums
                              








        restaurants
                              








        travel hubs
                              







        working at uf ophthalmology
                              







        donate
                              


































                ufhealth – the oaks
              


              world-class care in a state-of-the-art facility.
            











learn more






book an appointment


















about us









            committed to the pursuit of excellence
          


                        quality care
                          



          the department of ophthalmology at the university of florida is committed to the pursuit of excellence in all its missions. we believe that the success of our department depends on the quality of the clinical care we provide to our patients, in training outstanding future ophthalmologists and scientists, and in developing new knowledge and innovative therapies for vision threatening diseases.
        


our faculty





















            state of the art
          


                        facilities
                          



          our clinical site at ufhealth the oaks sees approximately 32,000 patients annually with both routine and complex ocular problems.  faculty pride themselves on providing compassionate, skilled, and cutting-edge care; covering all the ophthalmic subspecialties. we serve a large referral base and patients travel long distances to benefit from our  expertise.
        


the oaks





















            superior resident training
          


                        highest surgical numbers
                          



          the residency-training program is one of the most highly sought after ophthalmology training programs in the country. residents rotate primarily at the clinical sites at uf health as well as the adjacent veterans hospital. the program has one of the highest surgical numbers and volume of clinical pathology in the country. the exceptional training our  residents receive is demonstrated by the significantly higher than average ophthalmology board pass rate and choice fellowship placement in top subspecialty programs in the country.  the department trains clinical ophthalmology fellows and phds as well as post-doctoral students. the clinical and research faculty are frequently invited to lecture and educate at national and international conferences.
        


apply now





















            groundbreaking researchers
          


                        nih funded research
                          



          faculty members in the department of ophthalmology conduct groundbreaking research in basic and translational arenas. key research areas include the development of gene therapy for retinal and macular degenerations, retinal neuro-protection, photo-transduction, wound healing, and the treatment of herpetic eye infections. research is funded by grants from the nih and other organizations, as well as privately endowed funds. the department also conducts clinical research and recently completed a clinical gene therapy trial for treatment of leber’s congenital amaurosis, based on treatment modalities developed by our scientists. our vision research center provides support to nine departments and six colleges involved with vision research.
        


more about research




























ophthalmology news












                        welcome to the family!
                          



          we are so excited to announce our newest residents! congratulations to everyone on the match and welcome to the gator eye family!



alice beneke …
        


read story






















                        aupo resident research award winner
                          



          congratulations to dr. ates-hicks for winning an aupo resident research award for her work in retinal degenerative disease!



she is pictured here…
        


read story






















                        dr. beal speaks at conference
                          



          dr. casey beal was honored by the invitation to speak at the 10th curso internacional de oftalmologia pediátrica y estrabismo this past weekend in…
        


read story


















news in brief






the ercc1-/δ mouse model of xfe progeroid syndrome undergoes accelerated…







aao conference attendees







safety first!












all posts







our podcasts







            w. allan steigleman, md
          


                        refractive surgery update

                          



          in this episode, w. allan steigleman, md, discusses the latest updates in refractive surgery. he compares and contrasts the most widely used corneal refractive procedures, describes common contraindications for refractive surgery and discusses alternative refractive surgery options when corneal refractive surgery may not be appropriate.
        


listen now














            sonal tuli, md, med
          


                        corneal transplant surgery for improved vision
                          



          sonal tuli, md, discusses corneal transplant surgery for improved vision at uf health shands hospital. she identifies patients and conditions that may benefit from corneal transplantation. she describes the different types of transplantation available, how to mitigate graft rejection and future technology and innovations in corneal transplantation.
        


listen now




















learn about our residency program









            why pursue ophthalmology at uf?
          

            residency program highlights!
          


          what makes our program top tier? we offer our residents a high surgical volume with unique surgical experiences not offered at other institutions. additionally, we are the leaders in the management and treatment of some of the rarest and most difficult pathology to treat in the united states. our program provides our residents the opportunity to participate in ground-breaking research in both the basic and translational fields
        






learn more












        play video
      



























        department of ophthalmology
      



          college of medicine
        




utility links



sharepoint




uf health bridge














                  physical address
                

                                      6201 w newberry rd                                      gainesville, fl 32605                                  

                  phone
                


(352) 273-8787










                  make a gift
                



giving opportunities







                social media
              






facebook







twitter














university of florida health - home





university of florida - home







log in




website support




sitemap




disclaimer & permitted use




disability services




security policies




uf privacy policy




shands privacy policy




this page uses google analytics (google privacy policy)










      © 2025 university of florida health
    




















