










 labs4rescue, inc., "save a lab, have a friend for life!"











































search









  team access

|

  form library

|


 search site
                  






























home




adopt


overview


labs ready for adoption


adoption application


pay adoption fee


adoption events   


why do labs need to be adopted?


adopting a black lab


adopting a senior lab


helpful hints for adopters


costs of owning a dog






foster


overview


labs needing foster


frequently asked questions


application to foster






surrender


overview


owner release form


photo evaluation form






support us


overview


sponsor a lab


purchase 2025 calendars


thabiso's memorial medical fund


volunteer


affiliate shops


donate items


fundraising events   


labs4rescue merchandise store   






about us


overview


lab faqs


in the news


contact us






donate




form library




team access







  donate











welcome to
labs4rescue
save a lab, have a friend for life!











our mission
labs4rescue is a volunteer, 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to providing a new life for rescued or displaced labrador retrievers and labrador mixes.learn more about us







seal of excellence
labs4rescue is proud to have earned the seal of excellence from america's best charities.
learn more about this seal












adoptions
the core of our mission is to find labs a new home, which we have done 15,000 times since 2002.learn more




fosters
we are often in need of volunteers to foster our dogs during their adoption process.learn more




surrenders
we keep an open door for anyone needing to surrender their lab.learn more




support us
there are various ways you can support labs4rescue, including sponsoring a lab.learn more












paying your adoption fee?

  click to pay adoption fee









adopt
labs needing a new home

here are a few of our labs that are currently looking for new homes. for all available labs, please view our complete listings page.


 loading labs...
    








consider a donation
we always welcome help for our mission.


  donate today









congratulations!
we're proud to have recently found new homes for the these lovable labs.




 loading labs...


















partners & memberships
labs4rescue is proud to be associated with the following organizations









combined federal campaign



opm.gov/combined-federal-campaign


cfc is the world's largest and most successful annual workplace charity campaign, raising millions of dollars each year. to support labs4rescue, click here and enter our charity# 12381.










animal charities of america



animalcharitiesofamerica.org


animal charities of america (aca) is a federation of america's finest national organizations working to protect and enhance the lives of all animals whether farm, domesticated or wild.











america's best charities



best-charities.org


each charity on their site has been carefully screened to ensure every charity listed is a qualified non-profit, provides ongoing program services, and is financially accountable.










mayor's alliance for nyc's animals



animalalliancenyc.org


committed to seeing the day when no new york city dog or cat of reasonable health and temperament is killed merely because he or she does not have a home.















about us

labs4rescue is a volunteer, 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to providing a new life for rescued or displaced labrador retrievers and labrador mixes.
our goal is to promote and advance responsible pet ownership.





useful links





adopt




foster




sponsor




surrender




about us




donate










follow us





















mailing address







p.o. box 955 killingworth, ct 06419








state of connecticut department of agriculture animal importer registration # air 000118
commonwealth of massachusetts department of agricultural resources import license to operate a rescue organization license # 0141
state of rhode island department of environmental management certificate of registration for rescue/category a license # 1596/1247










2022 © all rights reserved.


privacy statement


|


terms of use


|


site map


|


team access






































