










home - spector lab
















































home
research
lab members
alumni
selected publications
videos
protocols
nuclear domains
contacts
search




menu


menu

 






visualizing gene expression in living cells
nuclear speckles are enriched in pre-mrna splicing factors
localization of pre-mrna splicing factors during mitosis
random autosomal monoallelic expression increases 5.6-fold upon differentiation of mescs to npcs
previousnext1234
david l. spectorrobert b. gardner jr., professorcell biology; gene expression; nuclear structure; non-coding rnas; microscopy
spector lab


can cancer be treated by changing its cells?
tumors grow when cells lose their biological identity. a promising therapeutic might restore their sense of self. read story



breast cancer organoids derived from human patients. breast cancer cells are labeled in purple, dna is labeled in blue, and a cytoskeleton protein is labeled yellow. image by sonam bhatia and erika wee

patient-derived triple-negative breast cancer organoids provide robust model systems that recapitulate tumor-intrinsic characteristics
read story

about our lab
long non-coding rnas: from basic biology to therapeutic targets
large-scale genome-wide studies have revealed that only 2% of the human genome encodes for mrnas that are translated into proteins while as much as 80% of the genome can be transcribed. of these non-coding rna transcripts, long non-coding rnas (lncrnas) represent the largest and most diverse class. genome-wide analyses have identified over 19,000 human lncrna genes representing approximately 31% of annotated human genes. as only a relatively small number of these lncrnas have been functionally characterized and studied in the context of cancer, they represent a unexplored class of nucleic acid regulatory molecules with great potential to impact our insights into cancer biology and treatment. lncrnas tend to localize to cell nuclei implying roles in gene expression and/or nuclear organization. our laboratory has played a pivotal role in identifying and characterizing lncrnas that are involved in breast cancer progression and differentiation. in addition, we pioneered the use of antisense oligonucleotides (asos) to knockdown lncrnas demonstrating their therapeutic potential.
with breast cancer being the most frequent malignancy in women worldwide, a major focus of our laboratory has been to identify and characterize lncrnas that play roles in breast cancer progression, and evaluate their mechanism of action and potential as therapeutic targets. tumor organoids provide a very innovative and unique platform to study cancer, as they can recapitulate many aspects of the disease with high fidelity. as such they represent an excellent system for identifying new therapeutic targets and for drug development and screening in a patient-specific manner. we have developed and characterized a patient-derived breast tumor organoid biobank to identify new therapeutic targets and for drug development and screening in a patient-specific manner. we performed a comprehensive genomic, transcriptomic, and cellular analysis of 87 breast cancer patient-derived organoid (pdo) lines developed in our lab, out of which 50 have been fully validated as being tumor-derived and retain key genomic properties of breast cancers including snvs and cnas.
using our rna-seq expression data from triple-negative breast cancer (tnbc) or invasive lobular carcinoma of the breast (ilc) vs normal breast organoids, we performed differential gene expression analysis and we identified ~200 lncrnas that are upregulated in tnbc or ilc pdos vs normal breast organoids. we cross referenced these lists with lncrnas upregulated in corresponding tcga breast cancer cases, to identify robust lists of intergenic lncrna candidates that are the focus of our current studies.




  


© copyright  - spector lab
visit cshl
privacy policy
web accessibility




 


scroll to top

our website uses cookies to enhance your experience on the site. by clicking "continue" or by continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies as detailed in our privacy policy.continue

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
other cookiesthe following cookies are also needed - you can choose if you want to allow them:
click to enable/disable _ga - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gid - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gat_* - google analytics cookie.
accept settingshide notification only








