















home – melna










































































































menu





homeeventsresources2025 grow maine green expomelna newslettervideo librarynews2024 grow maine green expo gallerycommunity service project 2022labor employment survey – 2022legislative newscovid-19maine’s landscape industrymaine’s horticulture industryrecent newsnews archivescoverme.gov health coveragepositives in pandemics seminar 1-20-2021linksintegrated pest managementapparelplant something maine! websitemembersbecome a membermembership application - onlinerequest passwordrenew your membershipadd new email address for e-newsmember loginhow to update your infodonationsprofessional certificationsmelna newslettermember directorycontactscontact uscommittees







 

 

 
the maine landscape & nursery association
 
is a non-profit, professional trade association with members in all aspects of the green industry. this site is the result of melna’s commitment toward promoting, educating and representing its members, as well as to inform and educate the people of this great state.
 
  our mission
 
since 1970, melna’s mission has been to promote the use of ornamental plants, products and services. we support all constituent groups of the horticulture industry including landscape, garden centers, interiorscape, grounds maintenance, nursery, greenhouse, arboriculture, hardscapers, irrigation companies, botanical gardens and other allied businesses. melna provides a unified voice, communicating to the public the vital role of the green industry in improving the quality of life.

 
 
krivec ales on pexels.com

news
 
photos from the 10th annual grow maine green expo!
 
employment opportunity
    
 

 

visit us on facebook!
 
 
melna’s goals
  promote the role of the horticulture industry in improving people’s quality of life.
  promote professionalism through education programs for members and the public and by encouraging enrollment in education institutions.
  monitor state and local laws relating to the horticulture industry.
  participate actively in the legislative and regulatory processes.
  promote the use of environmentally sound practices in the horticulture industry.
  monitor and communicate to members developments in allied industries including agri-technology.
  support donations of plant products and services to state and community programs.
  be a recognized leader among maine agriculture organizations.
 
why should you belong to melna?
affiliate with other leaders of your industry so that you can exchange information, keep current through our education sessions, receive recognition through our certification program and advocate for your business and your industry through the legislative and regulatory process.
plant something! plant maine!
be part of our nearly half-million dollar marketing campaign that has seen members’ sales increase by over 40% in less than a decade!
grow maine green expo
melna’s annual meeting and trade show, the grow maine green expo, is a day full of education seminars, our awards luncheon, a trade show with nearly 75 suppliers, a keynote address (often by a nationally known speaker/author) and great fellowship and networking. the event is typically held in late january at the augusta civic center.
scholarship
melna awards multiple annual scholarships approaching $5,000 for horticulture and arboriculture students attending smcc and um at orono.
research
melna supports local, regional and national research initiatives that benefit maine’s ornamental horticulture industry.
 
become a member!
 


 
have you heard?
maine is planting: from buckfield to bridgewater and whitefield to winterville, beginning gardeners and horticultural pros are digging in the dirt and putting down roots. a flowering plant, herb or veggie, or a single shrub or tree is all it takes to join a growing movement and reap huge rewards.
ready to be more active? be greener? give back to your community? get more value from your home? you can. it’s simpler than you think. when you plant a single seed, it comes back to you in spades.
so spread the word across the state:
don’t just stand there—plant something!
visit plantsomethingmaine.org
 



visitors: use melna.org to find nurseries, landscaping companies, horticulturists, etc. near you by clicking on member directory in the menu. there is a search feature in the directory that allows you to find businesses, locate them on maps, and search for names, certifications, and other criteria.
if you are a professional interested in joining melna, click on “become a member” under the members tab in the menu, or click here. the page contains links to both downloadable and online applications.
melna members who wish to edit their information in the directory, add images, or access the private section of this site should click the “member login” link under the members tab.
need help? contact us.
 

find out why you should visit an
independent garden center in maine!
 

 

 






 







 
 
the maine landscape 
& nursery association
po box 4666, augusta me 04330
207-623-6430







  
melna terms of service and privacy policy
 
 



















copyright © [wpsos_year] melna




site design by blackbird studio

 












 



 




































near me



200 miles






