

 home › computer geeks of greenville, nc

































  

skip to content menu   home 
about 
news 
services   facility security 
  data security 
  network services 
  computer services 
  web services 
  email services 

geeksnet 
remote support   windows 
  mac 

contact 
email login check godaddy 365 email 
check rackspace email 

 close menu   

 news & announcements 
 april 30, 2024edr & soc protection we are excited to announce the recent rollout of our advanced geeks help desk package. this bundle takes our existing managed antivirus platform along with our remote monitoring & management software and adds edr and soc services on top to provide an even greater level of threat detection, behavior logging, and security posture. edr (endpoint […] september 25, 2023walk-in service temporarily closed dear residential customers, we hope this message finds you well. we regret to inform you that our store front is temporarily closed due to unforeseen water damage. the safety of our customers and employees is our top priority, and we are working diligently to assess and address the situation. please feel free to call us […] march 24, 2021datto continuity solutions we have continued strengthening our strategic partnership with datto, an enterprise level data backup and business continuity solution provider. datto offers a variety of local and cloud-based backup solutions. if your business relies on a server or multiple servers to operate, it is critical that you have regular backups taken. not only should backups be […] february 12, 2021hikvision camera vendor we have partnered with hikvision to provide your business with some of the most reliable, high-quality security and surveillance cameras in the industry. hikvision provides cameras for all types of use-cases with crisp high-quality video. cameras can be managed easily through the hikcentral unifying powerful video surveillance and access control platform. for a quality video […]   
 comprehensive service offering a wide variety of technology solutions in order to power your business and fulfill your it needs 

 firewall installation & management
data backup & protection
complete antivirus suite
edr & soc protection
network security
server management
remote system monitoring
structured cabling
email security
web hosting & design
microsoft 365 & google workspace
door access controls
security cameras
alarm systems
and more…
 
1st peter 4:10 – “according as each hath received a gift, ministering it among yourselves, as good stewards of the manifold grace of god” 
 
back to topgreenville, nc(252) 355-3339
2790 dickinson avenue
suite c
greenville, nc 27834
new bern, nc(252) 638-1477
902 old cherry point rd
new bern, nc 28560
     

 

