





	hdr photo software for real estate & landscape photography | photomatix  









 




 


learn
support
store
api
products



real estate photography
deutsch
français






 









-2 ev
0 ev
+2 ev
hdr image with preset: 
vibrant
natural
painterly
enhanced




create stunning photos of high contrast scenes

try high dynamic range (hdr) photography to capture the scene as you saw it.


download a free trial


learn about hdr









© david robinsonview hdr real estate photos from photomatix users



perfectly exposed real estate photos






    			merge your photos to hdr with presets designed for real estate interiors
    			


    			save time with batch hdr merge
    			



view tutorial


try photomatix






"our workflow, using photomatix, allows us to process 100 photos in less than an hour with complete color and lighting accuracy. 
no need to pay foreign editors, you can do it all yourself with ease, saving you money and headache. 
while there are different products and services out there, nothing has been able to produce the same consistent, beautiful photos as can be made using photomatix."   
rob moroto
real estate photography instructor & business owner




© rob moroto





try photomatix for free





photomatix pro is a standalone program running on windows & mac. a license is a $99 one-time purchase.
the hdr merge batch plugin runs in adobe lightroom. a license is a $59 one-time purchase.
photomatix real estate camera runs on iphone. its in-app purchase option costs $9.99.

                      
                        photomatix api & photomatixcl are developer tools for hdr merge. a subscription starts at $19.99/month.
                     	


watch videos of photomatix in action


photomatix is by far the best hdr software out there, and i have tried them all!
				jeff dean 


photomatix is too much fun!i think i am averaging more than four hours a day using it.  	
				mr. peter - travel author


			i use photomatix pro every day in my architectural photography work. i could not live without it!
				johnny stevens - cpp photographer



[view all comments]




news

18 february 2025: photomatix hdr merge and processing are now available to developers as an online api. 


19 september 2024: the photomatixcl command line tool is updated to version 8, adding support for hdr merging from image urls. 

20 august 2024: photomatix pro 7.1.2 sub-release adds raw support for new camera models. the macos version also adds support for heic files. 

20 september 2023: photomatix pro updated to version 7.1, which includes a customization option, an improved hdr inspector, and lens selection in batch mode. 

2 february 2023: photomatix pro 7 released, adding batching with previews, reuse of the ghost removal mask, and saving 32-bit dng among other features. 


[older news]



26 may 2021: the hdr merge batch plugin for lightroom has been updated to version 2, adding the creation of unprocessed 32-bit hdr images, and saving as 32-bit dng, 32-bit tiff and openexr.


23 august 2021: photomatix pro updated to version 6.3, adding native m1 support, with up to 60% boost in performance, and support for canon eos r and nikon z raw files.

23 january 2020: photomatix pro updated to version 6.2, adding a plugin for capture one and canon cr3 support.
		 


5 march 2019: photomatix real estate camera, an iphone app for taking high-quality real estate pictures without photography expertise, now available on the app store.




26 march 2018: hdr exposures calculator now available in ios.  the free web version of the app is still available at hdrsoft.com/ev.

13 august 2017: q&a on using hdr for a solar eclipse based on the questions from a user preparing to photograph the august 21 eclipse.

21-may-17: photomatix pro 6.0 released, adding a new hdr rendering method for realistic results, a brush tool, color adjustments, straightening, and more.





30-sep-14: photomatix essentials updated to version 4, adding realistic-looking tone mapping and finishing touch options among other updates. photomatix essentials is an easy-to-use program intended for photographers who are new to hdr.




keep up to date
subscribe to the photomatix newsletter and get notified of photomatix updates


follow photomatix on



 




join the photomatix hdr group on






 
 



gallery|
store|
	    resellers|
support|
	    learn|
	    eula|
privacy|	    
	    about|
	    press





