

the write direction: smart software for research and writing

























  dr paper software

home
product details
how dr paper works (win)
how dr paper works (mac)
how dr paper works (googledocs)
apa basics
turabian basics
customer reviews
buy now  




buy now. just $19.99









apa, mla, and turabianmade easy
from the write direction inc.since 1987









how it works




save time. save $. get better grades. work smart!
format course papers and references with a few clicks.
dr paper software takes care of formatting details (references, margins, cover pages, page numbers, 
		section headings, etc.) so you can concentrate on your writing.
supports apa 7th edition, apa 6th edition, mla 8th edition and turabian 9th edition. 
						dr paper software works with word (or google docs) to help you
	create apa, mla, or turabian formatted documents and references easily and correctly.	








when we ask students to give dr paper software a grade, 93% give it an a! 









  "a must-have for all college students."    











for the price of a pizza, dr paper software will:
       
save you hours of tedium
reduce the frustrations of figuring out how to implement obscure formatting requirements
guard against accidental plagiarism
help you keep track of your research notes and their sources
let you concentrate on your writing
boost your grade!






 &nbspget it now! $19.99  







"you have so much to do. why would you want to struggle with formatting rules
		for an apa, mla, or turabian paper?"    
	




dr paper software 
			works with office 365, word 2010, 2013, 2016, and 2019 (win versions), 
			mac versions office 2011, 2016 and 2019.
			supports apa 7th edition, apa 6th edition, mla 8th edition, and turabian 9th edition.









on the mac
just choose a template from the dr paper template 
		gallery and start writing. then start the citation app, enter the 
		information for your references, and dr 
		paper will format your in-text cites and your reference list.
	









on the pc
just choose a template from the dr paper document menu and start
				writing. then start the citewrite app, enter the information for your references, and dr paper
				will format your in-text cites and your reference list.
	










you will get perfectly formatted papers and references, every time.







apa cover page
	






apa page one
 		





reference list
		






apa, mla and turabian styles are all included in the dr paper software package.






one reviewer says . . . .



"when you don't have to worry about things like where does that comma go? and 
				is there even a comma in that citation? -- it's a very freeing experience! 
				being able to focus on analysis and word choice, rather than on commas and citations, 
				will make writing papers more enjoyable for any student. . . . "
	
read the complete review












used and recommended by 3 million+ students and teachers at over 3,000 universities and colleges.






here's what our customers say 








 "it is an absolute no brainer for those of us who are busy and 
		   want to get the most out of our college education." 
    	
    	





 "i tell all my students to use dr paper. it saves them time and
		   gives them a better chance at doing well on research writing 
		   assignments."
  	
    	
    	





 "i really don't know how i could have gotten through these assignments without dr paper!"
    	
    	










 "i have used dr. paper for several years now, and just recently upgraded for the new 
			microsoft office integration. having this program has been a godsend to my 
			academic career because i never fret about writing papers."
    	
    	




 "i highly recommend this program, even if you are a proficient writer, just because it 
       takes the hassle out of formatting and gets the creative juices flowing. 
    	
    	
    	




 "rec'd 10/10 on a paper where most classmates rec'd deductions of 20-40% 
		for apa errors. as a working and traveling adult, it was worth it to buy 
		this template rather than quibble about paper structure. time is money. well worth the small investment."
    	
    	




easy. powerful. smart.    








trusted developer

software created by dr paper and the write direction is signed with microsoft authenticode digital signature technology.
			the write direction inc. is registered with the better business bureau, and has been helping students and writers with
			their work since 1987. 

    	





work anywhere

dr paper does not require a connection to the internet, so you can work wherever you 
			like! home, campus greenways, libraries, a friend's house, anywhere! better yet, we
			encourage you to put dr paper on any of the computers you use. no need to buy a second
			copy if you work on a laptop and a desktop!
    	
    	
    	
    	
    	





versatile 

the dr paper package is compatible with word 2010, 2011, 2013, 2016, and the new word 2019 included in office 365. 
			each dr paper software package includes licenses for both mac and pc versions. no need to 
			purchase different packages when you upgrade your microsoft office word,
			or if you use both the mac and the pc!

    	










the best @ the best price

dr paper includes apa, mla, turabian, script and table templates
			for all versions of word and google docs.
			you will be able to format references in apa, mla, & turabian styles,
			plus medical school styles, anthropology style, and bluebook (legal documents).
    	
    	
    	





take note!

dr paper includes special index cards that can help you keep track
			of your notes and comments as you research your paper. when you get ready
			to start writing, you'll have your notes organized, at your fingertips, along with the
			information you need to cite a study or quote correctly. 
    	





powerful 

the reference manager included with dr paper is a powerful
			standalone bibliography database program. that means it can work with ms word or any text editor.
			you can use it with google docs, power point, word press, 
			first draft -- whatever you use to write!
    	
    	
    	










an unbeatable value!   




dr paper stacks up nicely!
the package is feature rich, and priced for a student wallet!
			



featuredr paper perrlaeazypaperreferencepoint
includes all document stylesfor college research papers:apa, mla, & turabian
yes
no
no
no

includes all reference stylesfor college research papersapa, mla, & turabian
yes
no
no
no

includes mac and windows versions
yes
no
no
no

compatible with all versions of word
		 (2010 (win), 2011 (mac), 2013 (win), 2016 (mac & win) and 2019 (mac & win)
yes
no
no
no

compatible with google docs

yes
no
no
no

includes standalone reference database
		 (that can be used with powerpoint, googledocs, html, or any other program)
yes
no
no
no












home
about us
privacy policy
dr paper help


product details
win (pc) version
mac version
reviews


instructors
contact
support

orders










© 1987 - 2023 the write direction inc.
  	  	publishers of dr paper software, citation, and the collegiate bookshelf. 
  	  	all rights reserved.









