




florence sc real estate – residential, commercial, rental properties – homes for sale or rent, land, businesses, property listings in the pee dee mls








































skip to content

















home
buying
selling
rentals
contact
agents
 





























toggle menu
























residential & commercial
homes, land and businesses for sale, lease or rent.






chad yates
—— owner/realtor®
chad & his team of real estate agents at assist2sell smart choice realty help buyers, investors and sellers.
offering full-time buyer services, free of charge! our realtors® also take care of everything sellers need from a real estate company, but we charge a lower commission. it’s called “full service with $avings!”®.
real estate services
(843) 667-6278





residential & commercial









2110 w cummings rdeffingham, south carolina 29541you will find privacy, seclusion and a piece of tranquility! open the private iron gate to a very secluded 5.53 acres, a 1 story country home, pond, and 50×40 building! this is a one-of-a-kind, beautiful, custom home with 3brs and 3 bathrooms with all the updates situated in a country setting, yet florence is minutes away with all your shopping and dining needs!$485,000



view all properties




we can help you
buying?


being pre-qualified means that you have provided some basic information with us and we’ll provide an estimate of what you might be able to borrow. it gives you a better idea of what houses you can afford. we will answer your questions, explain your options, and we will connect you with the lender that will find the best loan terms to fit your needs.
selling?
see what homes are selling for in your area
free customized home sales report
if you’re planning to sell your home in the next few months, nothing is more important than knowing a fair asking price.





real estate agents
meet our realtors®
assist 2 sell smart choice realty.



900+
helping happy clients







“nikki” enjoys helping home buyers sellers and renters.




eugene says he believes that listening to his buyers & sellers help everyone.





brandy focuses on going that extra mile in helping her clients.









robert has the experience to get his buyer & seller results quickly.




christine really enjoys helping first time home buyers & sellers.





ashley likes helping first-time home buyers, residential sellers.












chad loves the adventure in helping each buyer, seller & investor.









first-class real estate
services



property managementwe take the hassle out of owning rental property and get cash flowing! we buy, sell and manage investment properties.learn more



buying real estatesearch for homes, land & businesses for sale or rent in the pee dee sc area.learn more



selling real estateif you’re planning to sell your home in the next few months, nothing is more important than knowing you’re asking price.learn more




















assist 2 sell – smart choice realty helping real estate buyers, sellers, renters  & investors in the pee dee south carolina area. residential & commercial property.

 





brokerage office 508 w cheves st,
florence, sc 29501
realty office: (843) 667-6278
​rental office: (843) 601-2146

 






 





social linksfacebook
youtube
 













© 2023 florence sc real estate - residential, commercial, rental properties
- website design by garweb | brokerage: assist 2 sell smart choice realty
 





 privacy policy  |  disclaimer

 












 

scroll to top
scroll to top
 












home
buying
selling
rentals
contact
agents
 









