















college of atmospheric & geographic sciences






















ou homepage
search ou
the university of oklahoma





skip navigation
college of atmospheric & geographic sciences
































college of atmospheric and geographic sciences wordmark. where the land meets the sky. home to three academic units. nine career tracks. rated the number one school of aviation in the country by flying magazine. new professional pilot helicopter track options. number one regionally in sustainability education. the largest meteorology program in the country. number one nationally in severe storm research. geography and environmental sustainability, aviation, and meteorology. there’s only one college of atmospheric and geographic sciences. the university of oklahoma wordmark.








 





from within the stratosphere to below the surface of the earth



  

the college of atmospheric and geographic sciences comprises the department of geography and environmental sustainability, the school of aviation, and the school of meteorology. we are training and educating engaged individuals for successful careers in diverse sectors such as geographic information science, climatology, water conservation, land-management, aviation, meteorology, climate science, and observation technology. in short, we craft the future of the land and skies.
join us.

















our mission



to offer innovative and multi-disciplinary education, research, and outreach programs in an environment that empowers students, faculty, and staff to seek equitable solutions to grand environmental and humanitarian challenges;  to advance technology and propel knowledge that addresses our changing planet; and to develop engaged individuals for rewarding careers in the private sector, academia, government agencies, non-governmental organizations, and entrepreneurship.



  












 
#1
nationally in severe
 storm research





 
9
professional 
research units





 
7:1
student-to-faculty 
ratio



 








meet our units























 








find your future








 





 find the bachelor's degree that's meant for you




undergraduate programs








 





 take your education to the next level




graduate programs








 





 find out why our research enterprise is like no other




research








 





 see all the opportunities a path at a&gs can offer




opportunities



 













  enroll for summer  





make a plan, review the course schedule, find a class, and enroll in ou summer semester. banked hours may be available to reduce the cost of summer courses.





summer enrollment



  














news





the latest from the college of atmospheric and geographic sciences










interim leadership announced for ags and nwc



as we mourn the loss of our friend and colleague dr. berrien moore iii, senior vice president and provost, norman campus, andré-denis g. wright shares the interim leadership plan. he has asked dr. petra klein to serve as interim dean of the college of atmospheric and geographic sciences, and dr. robert palmer to step in as the interim director of the national weather center. their appointments are effective immediately, pending final approval of the ou board of regents. both dr. klein and dr. palmer have been pillars in the ags and broader meteorology community for more than two decades, and their leadership ensures that the college and the nwc remain in capable hands as we navigate the path ahead.
read the full letter from the provost.



  






cadre: the next generation of data assimilation





the consortium for advanced data assimilation research and education (cadre), funded by noaa, is revolutionizing weather forecasting through cutting-edge data assimilation research and workforce development. by integrating observations with numerical models, cadre provides an evolving picture of the earth system, crucial for accurate weather and climate predictions. this $6.6 million initiative, led by the university of oklahoma and involving six universities, aims to enhance noaa's numerical weather prediction systems, improving the accuracy of extreme weather forecasts and climate response strategies. cadre's innovative approach leverages artificial intelligence, new observation platforms, and advanced mathematics to push the boundaries of data assimilation science.













  

















impact



ou and united airlines celebrate pipeline program



october 29, 2024


university of oklahoma administration and representatives from united airlines gathered today at max westheimer airport to celebrate a new partnership between the ou school of aviation and united aviate, united’s pilot career development program.




 read more
ou and united airlines celebrate pipeline program










research

february 12, 2025


arctic cyclones could be missing link in sea ice depletion models



					read more 
					read article: arctic cyclones could be missing link in sea ice depletion models






read article: arctic cyclones could be missing link in sea ice depletion models






campus & community

february 07, 2025


students explore ai and tornadoes in senior capstone course



					read more 
					read article: students explore ai and tornadoes in senior capstone course






read article: students explore ai and tornadoes in senior capstone course






campus & community

january 24, 2025


advancing atmospheric and geographic sciences: ou showcases research at agu and ams conferences



					read more 
					read article: advancing atmospheric and geographic sciences: ou showcases research at agu and ams conferences






read article: advancing atmospheric and geographic sciences: ou showcases research at agu and ams conferences








more news



 








vision for the college





to promote economic prosperity, resiliency and sustainability through innovative education,  application of advanced technologies, the development of convergent research, and co-generation of knowledge by multidisciplinary teams, who are rooted in a culture of justice, equity, and inclusion, and who engage with communities in oklahoma, the nation, and the world. we are guided by the following values:





access and opportunity





we believe in an inclusive range of viewpoints, knowledge systems, and approaches to solutions in our education, research, and outreach programs.





curiosity





curiosity advances deep integration and generation of knowledge across disciplines by motivating learning from one another about interconnected complex systems at local, regional, and global scales.





creativity





creativity enables transformative frameworks, paradigms, and approaches that emerge when seeking transdisciplinary and equitable solutions to grand environmental and humanitarian challenges.



  

integrity





integrity is rooted in accountability, professionalism, trust, transparency, and respect and underpins our tenets of sustainability, equity and justice.





collaboration





collaboration requires respect and professional engagement across disciplines, and with communities and non-academic partners to co-generate impactful, transdisciplinary solutions to grand challenges in the state, nation, and world.



 




































 college of atmospheric and geographic sciences 

          120 david l. boren blvd., suite 3630
norman, oklahoma 73072
        


 





accessibility
sustainability
hipaa
ou job search
policies
legal notices
copyright
resources and offices
ou report it!

        updated 2/5/2025 by college of atmospheric and geographic sciences: ags@ou.edu




















