





best computer school nj | it school nj | it training nj
































   



loading document










facebooktwitterlinkedin






								email: admissions@pcage.edu | admissions department: 866-667-5677








 




program overview 


internetwork engineering program 



transfer credits from pc age to tesu for degree




financing 


open house 



your future 


career services


salary expectations


testimonials




new!life skills


about pc age it school nj


contact us












live online classes | one-on-one tutoring |
									do you have questions?
















pcage career institute









become a certified it/cybersecurity/cloud computing professional in 9-12 months


                                                        hands-on training from basic to advanced certifications

no it experience needed

accredited, financial aid eligible & award-winning it institute
                                                    

microsoft, comptia, ec-council authorized partner


a+, network+, security+, cybersecurity analyst (cysa+), splunk® fundamentals,
                                                        linux fundamentals and server fundamentals
                                                        




                                                    career success stories
                                                

"the job assistance team was always helpful, providing resume building, interview tips, and job leads that really made a difference in my job search." — pc age grad 
                                                
"earning $150k+ in cybersecurity." — pc age 2014 grad



additional benefits



transfer credits for a degree from our partner, 
                                                            thomas edison state university 


                                                        take our scientifically validated aptitude test to see if an it career is right for you!
                                                    




take the aptitude test to find out if an it career is for you!







                                              your browser does not support the video tag.
                                          




×


											come tour one of our campuses, meet our team and see what pc age is about!
											
click to register for private tour/open house



 started at $60k with no prior computer experience.* pc age grad 2022




do you see your future in it ?
change of a new occupation or training for a new career can be scary. join us at an open house and find out what pc age is about. 
												
watch this space for information about our next open house























it professionals are in demand







according to bls, from 2016 to 2026, employment of computer specialists is projected to grow at 11%, and that of information security analysts at 28%, much faster than the average for all occupations.
qualified professionals in computer networking and security will become increasingly in demand and integral to business operations.
our 9-month (ft) computer training nj program gives you the practical skills, knowledge, and preparation to get the certifications needed to secure a stable, profitable career and future in it.
we also provide financial and career services support, commuting services, and connect you with employers for placement upon graduation.










programs & certifications


what are the costs?













sample it career path
pc age’s computer school nj prepares you for a career path in computer networking as a certified computer support specialist/network administrator with a focus on cybersecurity.






network security analyst
job outlook (2016-2026): 28% (much faster than average)
click for more info








network administrator
job outlook (2016-2026): 6% (as fast as average)
click for more info








technical support specialist
job outlook (2016-2026): 11% (faster than average)
click for more info






* according to the bureau of labor statistics, 2018


















                                                    program overview
                                                
our comprehensive one-year program prepares you for a career
read more















                                                    financial aid
                                                
worried about costs? we can help you financially
read more















                                                    career services
                                                
wondering what to expect after you graduate?
read more















                                                    salary expectations
                                                
see what you could be earning in less than a year
read more



























































great school. dedicated a year of hard work and studying for a great future which has already paid for itself. the instructors are very helpful and interested in you actually learning the material. i was well prepared for the job force after pc age.









read our reviews





















blog


consumer disclosures


cares act funding


student resources


live online faqs







* results not typical. pc age graduates’ average starting salary is $44k/yr (2022 data).  







pc age computer schools nj

2815 kennedy boulevard, 3rd floor, jersey city, nj 07306
also in

iselin
clifton







admissions department

866-667-5677
pc age career institute, 2815 kennedy blvd, 3rd floor, jersey city, nj 07306 is applying for reaffirmation of accreditation with the commission of the council on occupational education. persons wishing to make comments must provide their names and mailing addresses and submit comments to pc age or to the executive director of the commission, council on occupational educationwww.council.org.














						copyright © 2025 pc age | privacy policy


								services in  jersey city, nj



 call us


 email us








facebooktwitterlinkedin










    







building a pc from scratch




hands-on workshop



click here for more info 



build your own good quality (used) computer and take home at no charge. monitor, keyboard, and mouse not included.























