








dlux exhibitions | finest contemporary art

































dlux exhibitions

search


primary menu
skip to content







search for:



 









art, culture, events, exhibitions

the best art exhibitions in new zealand

09/07/2022 admin 


if you’re planning a visit to new zealand, you should check out the art exhibitions there. there are many art galleries in the country, but a few of the best include the auckland art gallery, the tauranga art gallery, and the gus fischer gallery. it is a big task for new zealand to hosts these exhibitions and requires many nz movers to transport artwork and artifacts to showcase at these exhibitions. here are some of the highlights of these galleries. the nz art show is another one worth checking out, and we’ve included them in this article so you don’t have to!
nz art show
this year the rt nelson awards for sculpture was held at the tsb arena and featured thousands of pieces from more than 200 artists. the event included fine wines by luna estate, craft beer from taranaki’s shinanaki brewery and live music from the yeabsley brothers trio. the award winners for 2022 will be announced at a ceremony on july 25. each winner will receive a $15000 prize. this year’s show had an incredible line-up of international artists, including some from all over the world. lissy and rudi robinson-colefor their artworks harikoa – aroā nukunuku and paki – he taonga tuku iho, was a fantastic piece, a crocheted neon nz wool with hand carvings embellished all around.


this year’s nz art show was attended by a record-breaking crowd of over 10,000 people. artworks valued at more than $2 million were sold throughout the show. the event was so popular that art lovers came out in droves to support the local artists. the people’s choice art award, sponsored by brendan foot supersite, was presented to jamie stewart, who won the award with her work passing rains. it’s well worth a visit if you’re interested in discovering new zealand artists’ unique styles.
tauranga art gallery
the best art exhibitions in new zealand are not always in the big cities, but tauranga has a lot to offer for those who love the arts. the gallery is a relatively new institution, and has quickly gained fame for its collections and impeccable architecture. it regularly has international exhibits and tailors the exhibitions to coincide with national school curriculums. the best way to experience the art in this central city is to check out the latest shows and exhibits at the tauranga art gallery.
melanie roger gallery
the independent melanie roger gallery represents new zealand artists and is a must-see for tourists visiting auckland. it has a stockroom that the artists are welcome to use for their works, and many public events are hosted there. the gallery also represents emerging artists who are being promoted internationally. the work displayed at the melanie roger gallery is quite eye-catching, with its striking windows. the gallery is located in the jervois road strip, and visitors to auckland will find contemporary art works by artists like sam mitchell, gavin hurley, heather straka, liyen chong, and martin poppelwell. 
in the coming months, there are a lot of exciting new art exhibitions at the tauranga art gallery, including a new afro-beat band called the ijebu pleasure club. they combine the afrofunk style of fela kuti with 80s hits. you can also catch the acoustic stomp remix artist josh pow music. this musician began his career busking in tauranga, where he quickly gained a local reputation.


in addition to the melanie roger gallery, auckland has the gow langsford gallery, which focuses on contemporary art. it is located right across the street from the largest art gallery in auckland. the gow langsford gallery has two gallery spaces, and is focused on individual artists. there are also detailed guides to each artist’s work, and an artist statement to accompany each piece. this gallery has hosted many internationally renowned artists including dick frizzell, max gimblett, judy millar, and pablo picasso.
gus fischer gallery
the gus fisher gallery is a contemporary arts centre located in the heart of auckland, new zealand. the building itself is a heritage-listed grade i building that opened in 1934. the gus fisher gallery is home to international and local artists, and offers a unique setting for art viewing. the gallery has a robust public programme, including film screenings, workshops, panel discussions, and family activities.
this exhibition at the gus fisher gallery was made possible thanks to the generous contributions of gus fisher. during the exhibition the medium is the message, a selected writer will be granted two weeks of residency time to engage with and respond to the works on display. the final piece of writing will be published on the pantograph punch. to apply, writers must be auckland-based. the deadline is 31 january 2019.
te uru
the te uru waitkere contemporary gallery is a contemporary art exhibition centre in the suburb of titirangi, auckland. it serves the west auckland community, and opened in 1986. since then, it has become one of the most popular contemporary art galleries in new zealand. the gallery features a diverse range of art forms, including sculpture, painting, and photography. te uru’s mission is to showcase contemporary new zealand art and the artists who produce it.
the gallery is located in the historic lopdell house, which was built in 1930 as a hotel. the building is now an important cultural centre and community focus, home to the titirangi theatre, lopdell house art gallery, and small businesses. the building required seismic upgrades and improvements to meet international art lending requirements. as well as this, the original gallery space was small and had low ceilings. a separate gallery was proposed to house the te uru contemporary art gallery.





art, culture, events, exhibitions, inspiration

how art inspires people to communicate

28/06/2022 admin 


art is a way of grabbing the world. it inspires people to communicate and is a barometer of cultural sophistication. art inspires communication, but it also limits communication. fortunately, it turns us into active observers and provides us with a starting point for empathy. as artists, our goal is to capture the emotional impact of what we see, and that emotional impact will resonate with others. here are three reasons why art inspires us to communicate.
art is a way of grasping the world
art is something that stands outside and above the mundane. it encompasses everything from paintings to music, and even special dishes. art also transcends the human experience and can create an emotional reaction in viewers. what’s more, it can be used as a tool for spiritual exploration. but what exactly is art? how does it make people feel? art can be categorised as any form of expression, whether it’s expressive or repulsive.
it inspires people to communicate
art inspires people to communicate because it makes us active observers. it teaches us to empathise with the subject and provides a starting point for empathy. we begin to view the world through an artist’s eyes, and he or she must capture the emotional impact of what they see. this is what makes art so compelling, and it will strike a chord with others. here are three reasons why art is important for social change.
the benefits of art are profound: it inspires people to engage in meaningful conversation, share ideas, and inspire action. it can inspire wars, friendships, estranged lovers, and lives. it inspires many different emotions, from seriousness to nonsensical, hilarity, and absurdity. that is why we asked leading artists about what inspired their work. their answers sparked a global conversation and have influenced art and communication throughout history.
it is a barometer of cultural sophistication
if you are interested in learning more about a culture’s level of cultural sophistication, you should read about the art produced in that culture. art is an important measure of cultural sophistication, and it has left its mark on the world for centuries. for example, the greek parthenon, roman colosseum, blue mosque, statue of liberty, and many other iconic structures have left permanent marks. these artifacts are still present in our modern world and offer us insight into the culture’s history.
it inspires politicians
if you are looking for a way to influence politicians, art is the answer. politicians have been using art to connect with their audiences and engage with them for decades. today, however, the relationship between art and politics is more complex, as more political divisions have emerged. the next time you’re feeling stuck on how to communicate with politicians, turn to art.
in order to inspire voters, political art must appeal to more than just a few sympathisers. political art must reach beyond its intended audience, and very little of it has achieved that goal. while many politicians use art to influence voters, few are able to master it. the use of art to influence politicians’ communications is a powerful way to influence a political movement. and it’s effective when politicians use it to promote social causes.










categories

 art

culture

events

exhibitions

inspiration













finest contemporary art

searchsearch

recent posts
the best art exhibitions in new zealand
how art inspires people to communicate









 





					copyright - dlux.org.au				






