




midwifery | unc department of obstetrics & gynecology



















































 




 




















skip to the end of the utility bar



unc school of medicine



unc chapel hill

unc health

intranet

login









skip to main content




caring for women at every stage of their lives…

unc department of obstetrics & gynecology





search_for:


search




      search this site

      search unc school of medicine


 appointments & referrals 

 








toggle navigation




unc department of obstetrics & gynecology



home
about us
patient care
education
research
equity & inclusion
directory
news
faculty development
 



 

 


home / general obstetrics, gynecology, and midwifery / midwifery 




            midwifery        

why choose midwifery at unc?
the midwives at unc have been delivering exceptional patient-centered, inclusive and evidence-based healthcare to families in the triangle for more than 20 years! we see patients at two convenient locations (weaver crossing and panther creek) and provide labor and delivery services at unc hospital in chapel hill.
unc is a baby-friendly hospital. this designation given by the who means that unc is committed to providing care that optimizes bonding between newborns and their parent(s) as well as promotes best infant feeding practices.
we believe that pregnancy and childbirth are normal processes. we work to limit the interventions we recommend to only those that are needed for the safety of our pregnant patients and/or their babies. we have physicians available at all times if interventions are needed that are beyond our scope of care.
we believe in partnering with our patients to provide individualized and family-centered care. we provide accurate and complete information so that our patients can make informed decisions about their healthcare.
we provide care that promotes wellness, prevents disease, and protects normal physiologic birth. we practice trauma-informed care with an emphasis on building trusting relationships with our patients.
we respect and embrace inclusiveness. this includes, but is not limited to, race, ethnicity, culture, class, gender and gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, physical and intellectual ability, nationality, citizenship, age, mental health, and professional background.
we value the expertise of other health care providers and consult, collaborate and refer to them as needed to optimize care.
we are an official site for centeringpregnancy® group prenatal care. centeringpregnancy® has been shown to decrease rates of preterm birth and increase rates of breastfeeding.
what is a certified nurse midwife (cnm)?
a cnm is a registered nurse who has completed a graduate-level midwifery program and has passed a national board exam administered by the american midwifery certification board. cnms are independent practitioners who are regulated by the board of nursing in north carolina.
cnms provide primary, reproductive and sexual healthcare with special emphasis on pregnancy and childbirth. cnms provide care throughout the lifespan: from adolescence through menopause. cnms have prescriptive privileges and are able to offer contraceptive services including iud and nexplanon insertions.
services



pregnancy:

preconception counseling,
prenatal care including centeringpregnancy®
labor and delivery at unc hospital in chapel hill
trial of labor after cesarean section
postpartum care including lactation support



 

general gynecology:

contraception
annual gynecologic exams
pap smears
colposcopy
screening and treatment of sexually transmitted diseases
menopause counseling and treatment


treatment of common gynecologic complaints including bladder and vaginal infections



resources

supervisor/our team














                        margaret berreth, msn, cnm, facnm                    

app supervisor, cnmclinical adjunct assistant professor, general obstetrics, gynecology, and midwifery 
 


midwives 2023
for a complete list of providers, visit our midwifery team page.


divisions and servicesgeneral obstetrics, gynecology, and midwiferymidwifery

centeringpregnancy® at unc


pediatric adolescent gynecology
 










unc department of obstetrics & gynecology 3009 old clinic building,
cb 7570,
chapel hill, nc 27599
phone: (919) 966-2131

connect with usx
instagram
facebook
linkedin
youtube
 











 © 2025 unc department of obstetrics & gynecology

accessibility
privacy statement
intranet


notice of privacy practices
aviso de practicas privadas
nondiscrimination notice
aviso de no discriminacion


surprise billing and good faith estimate notices
avisos de facturas médicas sorpresas y avisos de presupuestos de buena fe


















 


