


















linux | freeos, free operating systems






































































pick a free os





adaos
aros
atheos
bsd
cefarix
chaos
cp/m
darwin
dcp
debian gnu/hur
e.r.i.k.a
ecos
elks
erams
eros
fiasco
free-vms
freebsd
freedos
freedows
freeos
jtmos
linux
main
menuet
minix
morphos
netbsd
oberon
open windows
openbeos
openbsd
osfree
plan 9
poweros
qnx
reactos
rtems
s.ha.r.k
skyos
solaris 8
unununium
v2_os
vsta
winmac
xmach
yamit
zotos










home
news
operating systems
downloads
service provider
forum
about us
 















freeos most popular





not just on your desktopindlinux.org announces launch of hindi interface for computerssetting up squid as your caching http/ftp proxyhow to fight software patents - singly and togethergetting help with linux


















freeos highlights





articles - howtos(72)articles - interviews(8)articles - news(3)articles - opinions(20)articles - reviews(20)


















user login







username: *



password: *


request new password





















navigation





forums



















google tech news





stock market today: nasdaq, s&p 500 futures tip higher as iowa surprise dents trump trade - yahoo finance

moldova's sandu says she will press for change after narrow runoff win - u.s. news & world report

column | try these simple food swaps to reduce your colorectal cancer risk - the washington post

i-96 reopens in mid-michigan after deadly fiery crash involving semi-truck saturday night - fox 2 detroit

quincy jones, music titan who worked with everyone from frank sinatra to michael jackson, dies at 91 - the associated press

more









home









we're back


     mon, 06/05/2017 - 22:16 |      admin



after a long break, we're back to happily talk about free operating  systems. open source matters more in the fast-changing world of  technology, and linux is making a big impact in cars, wearables and  other devices. those are places windows will never reach.
we'll keep you updated on linux and the latest open source tools on the market. stay tuned.




 |      tags: articles, linux








what does it take to get stallman for a speech?


     sun, 10/30/2011 - 00:10 |      admin



what does it take to have open-source richard stallman for a speech? here's a listing of requirements. 
in a way, his requirements are anti-open source, because his requirements make his speech events seem closed source. if i were to organize a speech for him, i'd perhaps violate half of the rules he sets.
so read on, the requirements more interesting as you read on. as eccentric as we would expect stallman to be. well, that's what makes stallman, stallman.




 |      tags: news, linux








steve jobs' death tickles stallman


     sun, 10/09/2011 - 10:08 |      admin



steve jobs' passing away at 56 was mourned universally, but linux's own richard stallman
in his feed, he said:
open quote "steve jobs, the pioneer of the computer as a jail made cool, designed to  sever fools from their freedom, has died.
read more



 |      tags: news, linux








tablets with android 4.0 or windows 8?


     sun, 10/02/2011 - 23:57 |      admin



from what we're hearing, tablets with android 4.0, aka ice cream sandwich (internally called ics in google), should come early next year. some chatty executives have said in the past late 2011, but that won't happen. 
tablet makers may opt to sell their android 3.x devices over november and december, and we'll see ice cream sandwich rule at ces in early january. devices will come out shortly after.
read more



 |      tags: news, linux








linux 3.0, moving on without much change


     sat, 07/30/2011 - 23:18 |      admin



we're getting linux 3.0. the kernel is not a revolutionary change, but we welcome the moniker change. it's apt for linux's 20th birthday, and the older 2.6 naming scheme became complicated. it became like my second phone number.
it's hard to make revolutionary changes, especially when you have the open-source community making so many contributions. just like a democratic political process, the changes are going to be incremental, but user driven. that's why free software is so good.
so what are the big changes?
read more



 |      tags: news, linux








red hat releases rhel 6.1


     sat, 05/07/2011 - 21:28 |      admin



so red hat has taken one small step ahead to make its billions. the company released red hat enterprise linux 6.1 to select partners. 
rhel 6.1 is a step toward to general availability, which could be in the coming weeks, according to red hat on a blog entry.
here are list of features from here are excerpts from the blog entry: 
read more



 |      tags: news, linux








red hat will be a $1 billion linux company. how about canonical?


     thu, 05/05/2011 - 09:34 |      admin



red hat's growing to be a $1 billion linux company, according to an article on the register. how does it plan to achieve that level of revenue? 
some techniques include a strong developer base working on the red hat linux stack and a strong distribution channel (more than 6,000 resellers). strong red hat enterprise linux 4,5,6 distros help. the company is also making its way into virtualization and middleware to fill up the software stack from top to bottom.
read more



 |      tags: news, linux








commodore 64 is back, and goes open source with ubuntu linux


     mon, 04/11/2011 - 01:26 |      admin



after close to 30 years in hibernation, the commodore 64 was relaunched with its retro design, this time with an intel processor and the open source ubuntu linux.
the prices vary -- a barebones box is $295, minus the processor. a $895 version includes the works -- a 1tb hard drive, an atom processor, ubuntu linux, an nvidia graphics processor, 4gb of memory, a blu-ray drive.
read more



 |      tags: news, linux








reviews for ubuntu 11.04, natty narwhal, not positive


     fri, 04/08/2011 - 05:34 |      admin



the reviews are in for the beta of ubuntu 11.04, also called natty narwhal and the reactions are mixed. 
reviewers mainly had qualms with the brand new unity interface, which mark shuttleworth earlier said would bring the os a superlative, more interactive look. but reviewers miss the gnome interface, saying unity is not ready for prime time.
read more



 |      tags: news, linux








say goodbye to the free ubuntu cds


     wed, 04/06/2011 - 08:54 |      admin



canonical has ended a program in which it sent out delivered free ubuntu cds worldwide via a distributor.
"for ubuntu  11.04 you will no longer be able to go to our website and apply for a  free cd," said gerry carr, a canonical blogger.
this is something they should've done a while ago. the intent was clean -- to push ubuntu into the lives of millions of people, as carr romanticizes. but the administrative cost was high, shipped cds were few, and downloads topped cd shipments.
read more



 |      tags: news, linux




 of 424
next ›
last »















rss news feed
follow us on twitter, facebook
prakash advani's blog



















random articles





file permissions and the chmod/chgrp/chown commandslinux learning curvegetting on the net with wvdiala look at helix gnomelinux @ cebit


















poll









what needs to be improved most on android 3.x for tablets?:

 interface


 graphics


 social network/e-mail integration


 security


 android market


 other

 
 































 
contact us | terms of use | trademarks | privacy statementcopyright © freeos.com | contact us: info@freeos.com 









