
































secure data encryption | netlib security | encryptionizer












































































  this site requires javascript to be enabled to work correctly. please enable javascript.










secure data encryption








 
                contact us                 
 
                evaluate free                 





 
 

 









            1-877-367-1177            













search
 









 toggle navigation    

          contact us          

          evaluate free          



solutions 

legacy application encryption
businesses
developers
healthcare
medical devices
financial
government (fips 140-2)
education


compliance 

hipaa / hitech
gdpr
fips 140-2
pci compliance


products 

sql server data encryption
sql express encryption
mysql encryption
server  and web server encryption
desktop application encryption
developers/oem
encryption key manager


resources 

white papers
case studies
articles
blog
privacy


support 

knowledge base
faq
request support


about us
 












 
netlib security inc 



 






simplify security for your stored data
transparently encrypt data on servers, legacy systems, devices and distributed applications.
netlib security’s transparent data encryption solutions are an easy and cost effective way to proactively protect your data.
encryptionizer, our powerful flagship platform, encrypts stored data right out of the box, with virtually no impact on performance.
no changes to your program code. directly assists with compliance requirements.
developers, oems, isvs and companies of all sizes use encryptionizer products to satisfy a pressing security need quickly, and with confidence to protect the safety, integrity and confidentiality of sensitive data.
encryptionizer provides transparent encryption protection for most popular databases and applications: sql server, postgresql, mysql, mongodb, legacy databases and more.
 








data encryption solutions from netlib solutions


healthcare


medical devices


application developer


government


finance


business services





78% of companies
lack confidence in their company's it security practices.





resources






articlescase studieswhite papersblog 



aes is the gold standard: abandoning blowfish and 3des
in today’s digital landscape, where the security of sensitive data is paramount, businesses must prioritize effective encryption methods to safeguard information while ensuring compliance with regulatory standards. once fundamental to encryption practices, older algorithms like blowfish and triple des (3des) have become increasingly obsolete. the advanced encryption standard (aes) has emerged as the gold standard,… read more


netlib security predictions 2025: generative ai, cybersecurity, and data privacy
as seen in app developer magazine, featured story, jan 2, 2025 the leading prediction for 2025 will sound familiar: generative ai directly affects your privacy rights. in many ways, this is a twist on the typical cybersecurity problem. rather than a hacker or a bad actor breaking in to steal your data, we are being… read more


data masking vs. data encryption: choosing the right approach for your business
it is critically important to protect your data. luckily, there are a number of methods available to help you secure your most valuable resources. in this article, we focus on two of these techniques: data masking and data encryption. to determine which is the best fit for your business, we first need to review the… read more




liftfund’s story of meeting compliance while helping small businesses 
how netlib security’s encryptionizer assisted a nonprofit in their mission compliance regulations continue to drive companies toward seeking optimal data security solutions.  meeting such standards was the goal for liftfund, a nonprofit cdfi (community development financial institution) approaching three decades of business, with a focus on microlending to small businesses that may be unable to… read more


medical device security is more important than ever: how one manufacturer answered the call
is your patient data protected? for many industries, compliance becomes a trickier issue every year.  new regulations like gdpr and ccpa, in recent years, have joined hipaa in requiring companies to meet certain standards to protect their customers’ personal data.  meeting these requirements was a major goal for a medical device manufacturer (mdm) with thousands… read more


it’s gotta be the shoes! or is it? the gold is in the data.
what do you think is the key to a successful sports team?  the shoes?  the favorite sports drink?  player salaries?  complaining about the referees?  no – it’s athlete data and analysis. athlete data analytics is a hot topic in sports that offers a competitive advantage in more ways than one.  it holds great value for… read more




legacy systems are not secure. fixing them is easy.
“if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.” so the old adage goes. but that advice might be as outdated as your software. it’s typical for companies to rely on systems that have been running for years. these legacy systems are antiquated, but continue to perform important business functions. the original programmers are gone, but they’ve… read more


compliance. ignoring it can cost your business. 
businesses are powered by data. data is the language of our personal and professional interactions. every transaction you make requires sharing your data with one or more partners. it is the responsibility of those business partners to protect your data and that’s where compliance plays a critical role. government agencies around the globe have recognized… read more


guide to encryption for compliance and data protection
encryption has become an important tool for compliance and data protection. but it can seem intimidating.  it does not have to be. our beginner’s guide to encryption guides you through the concepts and use for encryption and how it can help you become compliant.




more internet of things insecurity
another week, another exposure of billions of records of sensitive data.  the integrity of internet of things-based (iot) cybersecurity has always been a major concern since its proliferation in recent years; palo alto networks reports that even now, 57% of iot devices have insufficient security, and 98% of device data is unencrypted.  in direct consequence… read more


change healthcare and deepseek data security
last year, estimates of the change healthcare data breach were that it could cost over $2 billion in incident response alone.  estimates for a while were also that 100 million people were affected.  this was all prior to this week, when unitedhealth announced the number was closer to 190 million.  still growing, the number will… read more


personal data of the most sensitive kind
student data is a valuable resource for cyber criminals.  minors have plenty of sensitive personal information, but may lack awareness of the risks it carries.  parents also may not monitor it until they are older.  for these reasons, such data is more vulnerable to going unnoticed should it be compromised.  and compromised it has been… read more











 





solutionslegacy application encryptionbusinessesdevelopershealthcaremedical devicesfinancialgovernment (fips 140-2)educationcompliancehipaa / hitechgdprfips 140-2pci complianceproductssql server data encryptionsql express encryptionmysql encryptionserver  and web server encryptiondesktop application encryptiondevelopers/oemencryption key managerresourceswhite paperscase studiesarticlesblogprivacysupportknowledge basefaqrequest supportabout us 



©2024 netlib security, inc. netlib® and encryptionizer® are registered trademarks.




 top





















we use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from. by browsing our website, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies.okprivacy policy








