







lauren hoffman




















































        
          
            lauren hoffman
          
        
      




















































              home
            

        store
      

              about me
            

            i see you
          

            contact
          























































































homestoreabout mei see youcontact





                
                  
                    lauren hoffman
                  
                
              
a little bit damaged











scroll






 

new! lauren hoffman on “wheels off with rhett miller”, available wherever you listen to podcasts



“the socal-via-virginia songwriter hits a laurel canyon-flavored high on mercury girls, which has the brooding vibe of her nineties cult fave megiddo but with an adult edge in “lost cause” (men in general) or “the chemical” … “mercury girls” is the stunner: a bowie-smitten to interplanetary women trapped on earth. the mercury girl might pass for human, but on the inside, “she’s hiding her mind from you/she’s saving her secrets for songs.” hoffman also does a bandcamp remake that’s a fab acoustic duet with her 11-year-old daughter.” — rob sheffield, rolling stone 























mercury girlsalbum, 2019 bandcamp spotify youtube pandora amazon apple tidal more >>



mercury girls videos / singles / alt versions / lyrics & chords




























 








“i do not know what life has done with lauren hoffman, but if the material on this album is anything to go by she has had her fair share of challenges both self-inflicted and provided by fate…”. - olav martin bjørnsen, house of prog











the secret stormalbum, 2017spotify .pandora .apple music . amazon .deezer .tidal .  

 

family ghost & the secret storm >>











inerplanetary traveleralbum, 2010













bandcamp spotify youtube pandora amazon apple tidal 











“thing is, hoffman has always been a bit of a rolling stone, an independent spirit that explains in part the deliberate pace of her releases, whether due to clashes with her label or personal searches … despite a project that was built on uprooting for something different, interplanetary traveler is hoffman’s most cohesive and unpretentious album to date.” - steve leftridge, popmatters“pictures from america” - npr song of the day >








album, 2006

 

choreographyon bandcamp on spotify on youtubeon pandora on amazon on apple on tidal

 

“its opening track, broken, is an achingly beautiful slice of romantic regret set against a backdrop of twinkling musical invention, all echoes and floating notes. and it doesn’t end there…” - joe breen, irish times

 









choreography videos / singles / alt versions




























 















album, 2021choreographica companion to choreographybandcamp spotify youtube pandora amazon apple tidal 






 

album, 2000 ‘deluxe’ version, 2019

 

 from the blue house (deluxe) 











 “lauren hoffman’s second album is an entirely satisfying surprise. there’s plenty to immediately fall in love with: her engaging, pure voice; her unclichéd folk-based indie rock that sounds like liz phair’s jazzier sister; her catchy melodies; her cautious, wise and funny narratives that carefully side-step obvious and cynical traps…”- michael barclay, exclaim!  bandcamp . spotify . youtube . pandora . amazon . apple . tidal








megiddoalbum, 1997get megiddo on vinylbandcampspotifyyoutubepandoraamazonappletidal

  

“forget that newcomer lauren hoffman has just turned 20, and listen to her adventurous music that is sophisticated and humorous… hoffman is a storyteller… the variety of subjects is topped by the different musical styles that she has at her disposal, including blues, rock, and even folk. in every case, hoffman has a splendid sense of melody ” - new york post, 1997











about mesongwriter & recording artist with 6 albums so far. previously signed to virgin, i've also released through indie labels fargo (france), dreamy (uk), pias (eu), kill rock stars and pitch-a-tent (us) … more >> 

































 



& in case there weren’t enough acoustic covers on youtube … i’ve done 89






    









 demos / unreleased / works in progress, etc








always in my hand 

 

acoustic demo, only on youtubeplay along: lyrics & chords pdf

 









it’s just my sense of humor…



demo/single, only on youtube and bandcamp. play along: lyrics & chords pdf(more to come)



bandcamp . spotify . youtube . pandora . amazon . apple . tidal 



 oh hello you’ve found me i’m a little link








mercury girls image by johnny st ours



mercury girls album



family ghost review



family ghost



interpanetary traveler



popmatters review, interplanetary traveler



choreography



choreographic



from the blue house (deluxe)



ftbh review



megiddo album



bio



acoustic covers



double exposure lauren



wips



always in my hand  (demo)



when i'm dead










~ i see you ~whatchu want? wikipedia (mostly correct) home 





hello@laurenhoffman.com


hours






ye olde mailing list
i send out announcements from time to time about new releases and videos, etc. sign up here:





first name



last name




email address






join!





done!







copyright lauren hoffman 2022photography used in website design by johnny st ours, sam erickson, and billy hunt. album cover photography by kate swan and jason beaupre, jen fariello, sam erickson, and jyoti sackett musicians on my albums include: guest singers lilli ross, devon sproule, kristen asbury hott, alethea leventhal, sally rose monnes, erin lunsford, jeff diehmmulti-instrumentalists david lowery, jon brion, alan weatherheadguitars by assaf ayalon, tony lechmanski, cam dinunzio, timo ellis (and me)cello by chris lancaster, maya belsitzman, cathy monnes, brandon collins, kevin davis violin by michel grailsummer ~ trumpet by john d’earth keyboards by brian kehew, ethan lipscomb, craig harmon, (and me)bassists bob rupe, nick pelliciotto, scot fitzsimmons, ben jacobs, jeff diehm, mark graham, (and me)drummers john morand, johnny hott, charlie quintana, adam wade, rod coles, miguel urbiztondo, eron porat, gadi seri, jordan mancini, kevin ardrey, & darrell moranproducers and engineers on my albums include:david lowery, john morand, ethan johns, brian kehew, alan weatherhead, assaf ayalon, mark graham, and ryan freeland (and me)thank you, all of you ^ for making music with me!









