


microtia-atresia - ear reconstruction - dr. burt brent, m.d.




























1. what is microtia?
  
 microtia is a birth deformity of the ear that occurs about one in 5,000-7,000
      births, depending on varying statistics in different countries and in different
      ethnic races. when broken down in latin, the term “microtia” is
      easy to understand. micro=small; otia=ear. typical microtia, grade 3, looks
      like a little sausage-shaped wrinkle of skin. a grade 2 microtia is a less
      severe form and often looks like a miniature ear. grade 1 microtia is a
      minimally deformed ear. (see fig. 5 in the “variations of microtia” section
      of the web site). in 90 percent of microtia, only one side is involved.
      there are twice as many right-sided microtias than left; microtia involves
      boys 65 percent of the time and girls 35 percent (see table
      1 in the web
      site). 
 2. what is atresia?
 atresia is absence or underdevelopment of the ear canal and middle
      ear structures. microtia is almost always accompanied by atresia because
      the outer ear and the middle ear develop from one common block of tissue
      at the same time of development in the womb. about 15 percent of my microtia
      patients have what appears at first look to be a normal canal, but many
      of them are a “blind alley.”
 3. what causes microtia, and did the parents do anything
      to cause microtia in their child?
the exact cause (etiology) of microtia
      is somewhat obscure, but one sure thing is that the parents did not cause
      it and should not feel guilty.
      although feelings of guilt are common amongst parents with a child having
      microtia, they certainly had nothing to do with the occurrence of the microtia,
      which is merely a “roll of the dice.” children with microtia
      are great little kids who will lead normal productive lives with the support
      of their parents, family, physicians and friends. (see “possible
      cause and incidence” in the web site)
  4. what is the risk of recurrence of microtia within
        the family and what are the chances that a microtia patient could also
        have children with microtia?
 when two people first conceive a child, the risk of that child’s
      having microtia is basically the same as any child born—one in 5-7,000.
      however, now that their child has microtia the risk jumps up to five percent,
      or put another way, 1 in 20 for subsequent children. these statistics are
      derived from the families of the first 1,000 children whose microtia i
      have repaired. one in every 20 of these children has a member of the immediate
      family (parents, siblings, aunts, uncles, or grandparents) with microtia.
      the risk of a child with microtia eventually having a child of his/her
      own with microtia is also one in twenty. 
 5. what other medical problems are associated with
       microtia?
the majority of patients with microtia have no other problems aside
      from the ear. approximately one-third have underdeveloped bony and soft
      tissues on the involved side of the face (hemifacial microsomia) and 15
      percent have facial nerve weakness. other general abnormalities such as
      cleft lip, cardiac, or urological problems are encountered much less frequently
      (see fig. 3 and table 2 in “associated deformities” section
      of the web site).
  6. when does a child with microtia become aware of
      it?
 children with microtia become aware of their differences at approximately
      3 - 3½ years of age. typically, they start comparing sides in a
      mirror and begin referring to their microtia as their “little ear.” 
7. what should the parents tell their child with microtia
    when they discover that they are “different”?
 when the child discovers that he/she has a small ear, parents should
      tell the child that he/she was born with a small ear, and that the doctor
      is going to make it larger when the child is older—then treat the
      child as absolutely normal and not make a “big deal” about
      it. the only children i have ever seen bothered about their microtia before
      the age of 7 or 8 are those whose family is very worked up over it and
      transmits family anxieties to the child (see “psychology and function
      of outer ear” in the web site).
  8. at what age can microtia be repaired?
 i don’t operate on children
      with microtia before the age of six for two reasons: the technical reason
      is to allow the rib cartilage to
      grow large enough for carving an ear to match the opposite side; the psychological
      reason for waiting is that a child with microtia is neither concerned about
      the problem nor very cooperative before then. this makes post-operative
      care very difficult on the child and all those involved in their care (parents,
      doctors, nurses). also, i feel that it is important for the child to be
      old enough to understand and personally “consent” to having
      the surgery. (see	“age 
      to begin surgical ear repair”)
  9. why is the repair of microtia with living tissues
      so technically challenging?
 for long-term success in microtia repair, one must create a 3-dimensional
      ear sculpture from living cartilage in an acceptable time under operating
      room conditions, then develop a “pocket” under snug 2-dimensional
      skin to house that framework— without cutting off the circulation
      to that skin. it is like trying to place 5 lbs. of plaster into a 2 lb.
      bag, but doing it with living tissue! furthermore, since cartilage can’t
      be visualized by x-ray as bone can, one never knows what the rib cartilage
      configuration will be like before surgery. therefore, the surgeon must “make
      do” and sculpt a realistic ear framework with the cartilage encountered
      at surgery, no matter how difficult that may be. 
 10. what are the current methods being used to correct
      microtia?
the
      two main methods for repairing microtia depend upon the material used for
      the ear framework. one method
      uses a living sculpture from the
      patient’s own tissues (rib cartilage) and the other uses a framework
      of firm artificial plastic. this spells out the main difference between
      the two techniques: one type of ear is created from your own bodily tissues
      whereas the other is an ear of foreign material. (see “history
      of 
      auricular reconstruction” in the web site.)

 11. does a surgically constructed ear grow, or do
      you have to rebuild the ear again when the child grows up?
 ears created from the person’s own rib cartilage are alive and
      actually grow with the child (see fig. 7). ear frameworks made from artificial,
      plastic and synthetic materials obviously can’t grow because they
      are not alive.
  12. what are the advantages of correcting microtia
        with living tissue?
 the advantage of correcting microtia with one’s own tissue is
      obvious. the new ear is sculpted from the patient’s own cartilage
      and skin and therefore is alive, grows with a child, and heals without
      problems. this allows a person to resume normal sports, swimming, and pe
      activities 4-6 weeks after surgery with no particular concerns. i have
      reconstructed ears for more than 1,500 patients with microtia and have
      followed a number of them for more than 20 years. ears constructed by this
      method retain their form and have withstood the test of time—they
      should last a lifetime (see fig.25 in the “long-term results” section
      of the web site).

13. are there limitations of sports activities that
      				patients can perform after microtia repair?       
	
 basically, there are no limitations on activities. as stated above,
      		because these ears are constructed from living tissue, i permit the microtia
      		patient to participate in sports and swimming 5 weeks after surgery with
      		no particular extra protection to the ear (or chest). during the years
      		i have seen ears constructed from rib cartilage survive from every type
      		of trauma imaginable. i ascribe this to the fact that they are living
      		sculptures.	(see “durability
      		of constructed auricles” in the web site.)
 14. how much discomfort is there when using rib
      		cartilage to reconstruct ears in children? 
 the chest discomfort is handled well with intravenous medications during
      		their one overnight stay (23 hours), and the ear doesn’t bother
      		the child much at all. the morning after the rib cartilage operation,
      		the child leaves the facility with a bottle of tylenol and codeine syrup,
      		which is	required only on an “as-needed” basis for just a
      		few days. there is little if any postoperative discomfort with the subsequent
      		surgical stages, that, of course, only involve the ear itself. these
      		are all done	on an outpatient basis. 
15. can one use the mother’s rib cartilage
      		or tissue from another person or animal? surgeons do kidney, heart, and
      		liver transplants; why	not cartilage transplants?
 because tissue other than your own is a “foreign material,” to
      		ensure success of organ transplants, a patient is required to take special
      		drugs for the rest of his/her life to prevent rejection of those organs.
      		these drugs have some serious side effects which are justifiable for
      		a	vital organ that one can’t live without such as a heart or a
      		kidney, but unacceptable for a foreign cartilage transplant when i can
      		instead	harvest cartilage from the microtia patient’s own body
      		in 20 minutes and sculpt it into a new ear in another 30 minutes. this
      		makes foreign	materials unnecessary.
next page | return to
      				top


learn
    about
  cartilage vs. synthetic ear  frameworks
view patient results

his
        web site provides information about surgical reconstruction of the missing
        outer ear, absent either from birth (microtia), or from traumatic
          injury. it is meant also to be a comprehensive information source for
        the family and patient with microtia and is derived from dr. burt brent's
        personal
          experience in surgically repairing ears for more than 1,900 patients
        during a 30-year period. this information focuses on his total management
        of over
          1,700 congenital microtia patients and the repair of their ears, but
        also includes relevant supplementary input from experience he has gained
        by
          managing more than 200 traumatic auricular deformities.
        

        dr. brent strictly limits his practice to repair of the outer ear, and
          has dedicated his professional life to helping children and other patients
          with microtia, traumatic ear loss, and cosmetic ear problems.
        

        when an infant is born with microtia, the family has many questions: "can
          our infant hear?;" "did we do anything wrong to make this
          occur?;" "will
          future children have the same deformity?;" and "what can
          be done about the disfigurement of a missing auricle or gnarled ear
          remnant that
          marks our child as abnormal, and invites teasing and probing questions
          by outsiders?" the information herein will thoroughly address
      all these questions and more. 



copyright 1998-2011 dr. burt brent. all rights   reserved.
site map | disclaimer
 




