





casemodgod - mod it til it bleeds!










































 

 










projects  | 
		guides  | 
		gallery  | 
		articles  |  
		contact





		 



		the modding bug bites again, project "hack-cade"




			i won't say much 
			about it until it's a little further along other than it's another 
			game emulation machine powered by a raspberry pi 2 with an ipad2 
			replacement lcd hacked into an 
			ipad
based ion 
			icade arcade cabinet. it's game 
			on like donkey kong with this bitch and you might want to take notes because i'm fixing to show you the easiest way to 
			build what will surely be a man-cave necessity via hacking and assembling 
			existing shit... watch in wonderment or merely wonder why you didn't 
			come up with it yourself as this low cost kick ass custom bar top 
			arcade machine gets built.  

			 





			project work log:
			page 1








		project: 'carcharhinus louganis' - artprize 2014 entry work log




			i am finished with my entry for this years artprize competition, 
			this years design is to me the logical progression from last years 
			entry and is the largest work (other than murals) i have ever done.  
			my
			
			artprize entry is vote number: 

			57401
			and is currently being hosted inside the
			
			devos place convention center in grand rapids, 
			michigan from september 24th - october 12th.
 
 



 

           


			project work log:
			page 1








		project: 'gluttony' - finished -  
		artprize 2013 entry work log




			i am finished with my entry for this years artprize competition.  
			with a design inspired by previous modding builds, this art project 
			mixes old school with new style by showcasing my first ever dual 
			image work with some cool led lighting techniques.  my

			artprize entry was hosted at the
			
			devos place convention center

			in grand rapids, michigan september 18th - october 6th. 
			this work is also featured as image 14 of 18 in
			
			this online article.





project work log:
			page 1







project: 'troy's 
		pinball' - scratch built digital pinball machine


before i ever plunked a quarter 
			into any video game as a kid i had already played a fair amount of 
			pinball, but it wasn't until i found a
			williams 
			whirlwind machine in the early 90's that i truly realized how much i 
			loved playing. 
			
			this article served as inspiration for my latest project, a 
			proper sequel to my bar top video arcade build.  based off a williams 
			wide body machine, my build is nearing completion, it's almost a 
			finished pinball machine.



pinball has long been a passion of mine and since the 
			beginning of this year i've invested a lot of time and hard work 
			into creating the ultimate pinball machine. if you want to take a look at some of the most 
			recent work on my digital pinball machine, please watch the video 
			below.



			 


project work log: 
		page 1 - page 2 -
		page 3 .
			page 4 -
			page 5 -
			page 6






project: 'troy's 
		arcade' - scratch build bar top video arcade


i have wanted to build my own arcade machine for quite some time, 
			with no room in my home for a full size stand up cabinet i decided 
			to create something smaller. the only plan i had for building the 
			cabinet consist of an idea and a couple google sketchups - so i've 
			been designing and refining some stuff on the fly. i've been working 
			on this project for a long time and i thought it was finished, but realized there still were a few things i could do to improve on the design.





			 


project work log: 
			page 1 - page 2 - 
			page 3 - page 4 - 
			page 5








project: 'troybox' - scratch build htpc work
        log 


i had originally planned on building an arcade 
			style machine, but early into the project i decided that the parts i 
			had on hand were better suited for a small and modular living room 
			entertainment pc to connect to my 46" 1080p lcd tv. i had also 
			planned to include the building of a home brewed joystick with the troybox project log, but decided better to use those parts in the above mame project instead. 



			 

project
          'troybox' work log 






casemodgod on youtube:
        hellusion revealed video


i made a five minute video which showcases some of the
        features and fine details of the hellusion case mod and covers all the stuff that
        just doesn't come across quite as well in pictures.  it concludes with a
        brief explanation of the illusion and a demonstration of the "tool free" case removal and reassembly.  if a picture is
        worth a thousand words then this case mod video must be
        worth a thousand pictures or like a million words. 


 

hellusion
        revealed video 






project: lament ii - hellusion work log

sequels as a rule suck, especially horror movie sequels. hellraiser is
        the exception because hellbound is every bit as good as the first movie
        - so in the tradition of hellraiser i set out to create a non-suck sequel case mod. 
        i
        completely concealed the
        computer using an optical illusion to make the whole thing appear as
        though it's nothing more than an empty box containing a levitating
        hellraiser puzzle cube.  from initial sketch to completed project, 
		follow along as the case mod comes together in this in depth and easy to 
		follow work log.




		 


written
        work log   | video
        work log


		 
 





for
        sale: hellraiser cenobite computer, you truly are not worthy


here's a chance to own something awesome, but sadly you are not 
			smart enough to own this one of a kind, fully 
			functioning and wonderfully unique work of tech infused art. 
			professionally designed and hand built, this completely self 
			contained, fully upgradeable (water-cooled) pc has over the top 
			features that include a built in  
			lcd monitor, remote controlled 
          uv eyes and  
			lasers
          that shoot out of the head. this heavily modified computer has 
			seen media exposure spanning numerous web sites, print publications 
			and even  
			television -  which transforms an already kick 
			ass mod into an historically relevant item that you cannot afford or 
			understand.





		 

this
        mod could be, but will never be yours...






casemodgod on youtube: 
		cenobite pc video work log


i made a two minute video showing the 
		creation of this mod from design sketches to final build.  this 
		video played on the six inch chest mounted lcd monitor during all of 
		quakecon 2005, it is possible that showing everything that went into 
		creating this insane mod may have factored into the judges awarding it 
		first place... or not.
		 

 

cenobite pc video 
		work log | nine 
		page written work log




stealth 
		6" lcd monitor case mod guide

this was my first go around with 6" 
		lcd modding and the finished mod resides in my daily driver pc moby2.  
		having a small lcd in the computer case that can be used as a secondary 
		display without having to mirror your main monitor opens up a lot of 
		possibilities, it works so well that i have added a 6" lcd monitor to 
		every mod i've done since.  making a six inch monitor fit into and slide 
		out of a 5.25" bay is no easy feat... but it is really sweet, if you 
		decide to build one for yourself then this guide should help.




		 


		6" lcd monitor how-to guide






simple
        cd/dvd drive stealth mod guide 

you have by now probably seen many different drive stealthing guides on
        a lot of other modding sites with difficulty ranging from fairly easy to
        downright ludicrous.  this guide is guaranteed easy and will show
        what i consider to be the hands down absolute best way to stealth a
        drive.  the end result looks awesome, is entirely functional and
        it's completely removable... this mod won't even void your
        warranty.




		 

drive
        stealth how-to guide





3.25" switch bay mod guide

if you have more
        than one light in your case and are tired of having to reach around to
        the back of your case to turn them on or off you need to read this modding how-to guide.  this is a very simple and affordable mod that adds
        functionality and class to a 3.5" floppy bay cover, plus the guide
        contains a template layout for up to four switches.




		 

switch
        bay how-to guide 





fan
        controller makeover mod guide

there are a lot of really cool bay devices on the market, whether they
        have a finish similar to your case or are completely different - as in
        the case of the zalman fan controller i used - this super simple guide will show
        you how to make it precisely match the rest of your case.  the
        zalman zm-mfc1 is transformed from something ordinary into something
        awesome with an easy mod that takes just over an hour to do.




		 

fan
        controller how-to guide










 

 


