









employers - uoft student life





























































































 











skip to content

















menumenuabout






	what guides student life
mission, vision & valuesstudent life organizational chartstudent life strategic plan & annual reporthow students help guide usthe council of student services (coss) 



	doing business with student life
collaborate with student lifesubmit a compliment, comment or concernsubmit a communications requestsubmit an assessment requestcontacts for the cao 
 

departments





locationsthe division of student life is located in several locations across the st. george campus. 



	the student life escalation process

if you have a concern about a student service located on the st. george campus, your first step is to talk to the director of the service.
if your concern has not been resolved after taking this step, your second step should be to contact the executive/senior director of the service. 



	departments
accessibility servicescareer exploration & educationcentre for community partnershipscentre for international experiencecentre for learning strategy supportclubs & leadership developmentfirst nations house 



	 
 
gradlifehealth & wellnesshousingmentorship & peer programsmulti-faith centreorientation, transition & engagement

tcard services 
 
 


 

news






	latest student life news
 



	department news
 
 




 


 
well-being survey helps u of t foster healthy student experiences
february 12, 2025 | posted by 8



making meaningful mentorship connections within u of t’s black community
january 31, 2025 | posted by 8



reflecting on the first open mic night by accessibility services
january 30, 2025 | posted by 8




all student life news articles



all student life newsletters

 


centre for learning strategy supportaccessibility servicescareer exploration & educationcentre for community partnershipscentre for international experienceclubs & leadership developmentfirst nations house 


health & wellnesshousingmentorship & peer programsmulti-faith centre for spiritual study & practiceorientation, transition & engagementtcard services 
 


 

events
instagram
twitter
facebook
youtube
tiktok
blog






 

about

mission, vision & values
student life organizational chart
student life strategic plan & annual report
the council of student services (coss)
how students help guide us
submit a communications request
collaborate with student life
submit a compliment, comment or concern
submit an assessment request
contacts for the cao


departments

accessibility services
career exploration & education
centre for community partnerships
centre for international experience
centre for learning strategy support
clubs & leadership development
first nations house
gradlife
health & wellness
housing
mentorship & peer programs
multi-faith centre
orientation, transition & engagement

tcard services




news

accessibility services
career exploration & education
centre for community partnerships
centre for international experience
centre for learning strategy support
clubs & leadership development
first nations house
health & wellness
housing
mentorship & peer programs
multi-faith centre for spiritual study & practice
orientation, transition & engagement
tcard services


events
instagram
twitter
facebook
youtube
tiktok
blog
 
 



student life topics and tasks menu







student life tasks & topicsaccessibility and academic accommodationsaccess resources for your ongoing or temporary disabilities as you learn to navigate academic accommodations and discover a supportive community of peers.
learn how to register with the office and navigate your academic accommodations.
clubs, groups and community learningwhether you want to browse u of t’s clubs and groups or start one of your own, this is where you can get involved with communities that matter to you.
find the u of t club or group that’s right for you.
culture and faithfind out more about faith and spirituality at u of t or connect with bipoc life on campus.
learn how to connect with your faith, spirituality or culture.
explore and start a careerdevelop your career path and get valuable advice about finding work, job markets and further education.
explore your job options and how to turn the career of your dreams into reality.
find a place to live on or off campuslearn more about u of t’s residences, off-campus housing, temporary housing, and your rights and responsibilities as a tenant.
find your new home and learn what comes next.
health and wellnesscheck out the location and hours of the health & wellness centre, info about health insurance, appointments, mental health resources and emergency support.
take care of your health and find valuable resources.
internationalfind everything you need to know about learning abroad, study permits and visas, adjusting to life in canada, permanent residency and more.
get more information about being or becoming an international student.
leadership and mentorshipwhether you want to find a mentor, become a mentor or build your leadership skills, we’ve got the tools and workshops to get you started.
build your leadership and mentorship skills today.
learning strategy supportunderstand how you learn best and build your skills as you discover tips for acing exams, essays, presentations and more.
learn how to enhance your academic experience through tips and workshops.
 
 find a program or service




 










home > employers 

employers


our staff members are dedicated to delivering services and supporting your continued success at the university of toronto. we are leveraging virtual/online tactics to connect you with canada’s most talented and diverse candidates.

advertise employment and volunteer opportunities on u of t’s job boards (clnx)
host a recruitment information session via zoom
promote your recruitment events on our events calendar
join our student events as a panellist and share your career story
mentor students on ten thousand coffees
recruit a student for a co-operative education opportunity by connecting with u of t’s co-op offices

please contact us to get the process started.
contact us
st. george campus
employer recruitment & engagement teamemployerquestions@utoronto.cahttps://clnx.utoronto.ca/home.htm
mississauga campus
jason johnassistant director, employer relations & marketingjas.john@utoronto.ca(416) 706-0847https://www.utm.utoronto.ca/careers/employers
scarborough campus
linda moss, employer engagement coordinatorleesa mcleish-diaz, employer engagement coordinator-edicareer.utsc@utoronto.ca(416) 208-8166https://www.utsc.utoronto.ca/aacc/employers





















find a program or service
administration & operations
land acknowledgement
contact



© 2024 all rights reserved.the division of student life– university of toronto


























advanced search
 
search you are interested in activities and support for... 
2slgbtq+ studentsafrican black caribbean studentsfirst generation studentsindigenous studentslatin american studentssoutheast asian studentsstudentsstudents interested in religion/spiritualitystudents with disabilities 
you are a... 
new student2slgbtq+ studentafrican black caribbean studentindigenous studentlatinx studentreligious/spiritual studentsoutheast asian studentstudent with disabilitiesundergraduate studentgraduate studentinternational studentrecently graduated studentfaculty or stafflandlord 
search in... 
departmentsnewstasksservicesprogramscampaigns 
 































