



			new zealand south - vacation and trip planner, online bookings, information site for tourism, business, accommodation and
			agribusiness in new zealand's southern regions including central otago,
			queenstown, wanaka and fiordland. 
		






  | wine  |  tourism information 
|  accommodation
|  goldfields

|  fishing & hunting


|  agribusiness



|  education services

|  business

|  links

|  web services

|  japanese
|  search nzsouth |


 














 



nzsouth.co.nz










information, tourism, business, accommodation and agribusiness in southern new zealand







plan your trip online
bookings-travel-where to visit 











here you can find general information about new zealand, and a comprehensive
listing of  tourism, wilderness, rural,
heritage, life and educational experiences in new zealand's spectacular
southern region.
take a tour through our site and you will be wanting to come here to visit. you
can find all you need to know about how to plan your holiday here.
breathe the fresh air, take in the blue skies, sun and snow, mountains, lakes,
bush and birds - once you come to
the southern lakes region you'll never want to leave! please use the search
function 
    to search our pages for information on the best of south. 




 












    custom search
  






		category pages:
	





	  
	
		| 
		
			wine 
		
		 |  
		
			tourism information
		
		 
		|  
		
			accommodation
			|  
			
goldfields

|  

	fishing
	
	
	|  
	
		agribusiness
		
		
		
		|  
		
education services

|  

	business
	
	|  
	
		links
		
		|  
		
			web services
			
			|  
			
japanese |


			

 
 
		
	





	quick links







	 visit the sites below or visit the category pages listed above for more
	information, sites and links







 
			  
			
| 

	visitor information

|   

	wilderness
	
	|  
	
		wine
		
		|  
		


			accommodation
		|  
		


			real estate			

|  
		
			arts & crafts
		
			|  
			
fishing guides
			
			
			|  
			
sports suppliers
			
			|  
			
education
			
			
			
			|  
			
clubs
			
			 | 
			
		


 
	













		visitor information 
		  sites
	





			otago 
			  goldfields heritage trail - 
		
		follow old gold trails throughout otago, or 
		  join a cavalcade
		

			central otago 
			  visitor information  
		
		 make central otago your tourism destination - all the information on what to
		see and do, and where to stay in central otago
		

			central otago wine trail
		
		- the central otago wine trail takes through new zealand's fastest developing
		and southern-most wine-growing region. tasting can be done at various vineyards
		and wineries through the region which is now known especially for fine red
		pinot noirs and other cool climate varieties
	


		 tourism cromwell
	
	- tourism activities and accommodation in the beautiful southern lakes region
	based from cromwell, central otago.



otago central rail trail
- the otago central rail trail has been developed as a walking, horse riding and cycling route. view stunning scenery and experience a sense of remoteness and history in the south island of new zealand
		


	new zealand heritage trails foundation

- explore new zealand's unique cultural, historic and natural heritage through
an inter-linking national network of trails for self-driving, walking or cycling
		
.... more sites







			wilderness/backcountry
		





independent mountain guides 
		
		- mountain guiding and instruction, rockclimbing instruction, ski touring, snow
		shoeing, ice climbing, ropes skills courses, film and commercial work, location
		safety, rescue techniques, himalayan guided climbs
		

		time out tussock tours		
		- high country four wheel drive and horse trekking tours in central otago in the south island of new zealand. guided by southern men and women, experience true blue kiwi hospitality and travel through locations where lord of the rings was set, backed by the panoramic views of the maniototo and ida valley.		

wilderness 
  lodge arthurs pass & lake moeraki 
		
		- accommodation in a beautiful wilderness setting
		

fiordland 
  wilderness experiences 
		
		- sea kayak new zealand's last great wilderness - the fiords of te wahi pounamu - a wild land on a mythical scale. 		

fiordland guides
		
		 - 
		  hunting, walking and fishing in backcountry fiordland
		

tawaki dive
		
		 - diving  in the cool clear waters of scenic fiordland and stewart island 
	
	

fiordland ecology holidays
		
		- fiordland ecology holidays is a small eco-tourism business based in doubtful sound, fiordland. our live aboard cruises on our 20 metre motor-sailing yacht, breaksea girl, have an emphasis on nature, conservation and research, and cover all of fiordland and subantartic islands.

		

	central otago tours and wildflower walks - 

historic,  landscape, scenic, general, vineyard, and wild flower tours and
walks in central otago, near queenstown, south island, new zealand.
			


milford sound cruises, tours and walks  - 
			
			explore milford sound with our legendary unhurried fiordland day trips
			departing from te anau, a lakeside resort on the edge of fiordland world
			heritage area.
		


altitude adventures, 
  - 
			guided mountain bike tours in central otago. whether you are after a cruizy single track ride along the mighty clutha river and its valleys, visiting remnants of stone buildings from the gold mining era or an awesome high country adventure with views of central otago’s valleys and peaks, we have got the ride for you.



		


			flying kiwi wilderness expeditions - explore new zealand the fun-packed flexible way for the holiday of a lifetime! whether you're a seasoned outdoor-addict or a virgin adventurer, immerse yourself in one or more of the 10 unique flying kiwi bus expeditions designed to pack as much into a trip as you want.



			evohe charter sailing yacht - an 82 foot ocean cruiser, evohe transports documentary filming and diving expeditions to remote locations around the world. built of steel, evohe was designed to operate in harsh conditions. she carries substantial fuel reserves, produces her own fresh water and is capable of being self sufficient for many months.

		
			
....more sites







		fishing & hunting guides
	






			trout fishing 
			  services - incorporating lake dunstan fishing services 
		
		- offering the best 
		  of fly fishing in new zealand's southern lakes with a professional fishing
		guide
		

			wanaka lakeland fishing
		
		 - fish the headwaters of lake wanaka offer supreme fishing amongst
		some of new zealand's finest mountain scenery
	


fly fishing southern new zealand - tailor-made fishing trips in the spectacular central southern south island of new zealand with a professional fishing guide - fly fishing in rivers, streams and lakes for both rainbow and brown trout. 
		


		fiordland guides
	
	 - hunting, walking and fishing in backcountry fiordland

....more sites





			other tourism activities
		






hare hill horse treks, port chalmers, dunedin 

 hare hill offers horse riding for all ages and abilities. treks range from 
a beginners trek of 1.5 hours , up to 4 days. there are a wide range of 
horses from thoroughbreds to welsh ponies. 
we work all year round weather permitting, supplying all protective 
equipment. 
all treks are private and guided.


nomad safaris 4wd experience, queenstown. our safari-equipped 4wd vehicles can take you to areas inaccessible by normal means, no coaches, no crowds, a nomad safari is a true off-road adventure for those who choose not to follow the pack.

....more sites








wine and dine
			





	central otago wine cellar

- online information resource and wine shop with secure server servicing the
central otago wine industry
			


central otago wine trail
			
			 - follow the wine trail throughout gibbston valley (queenstown), wanaka,
			cromwell and alexandra regions
		


lowburn ferry vineyard, lowburn, central otago

lowburn ferry is the area surrounding an historic ferry crossing over the mightly clutha river. a picturesque lake now occupies the ferry site at the base of the lowburn valley and vineyards abound on the surrounding glacial terraces where goldminers once toiled in the hot otago sun. our vines are hand tended to maximise the benefits of our unique terroir and microclimate. producers of award winning pinot noir wine.


			carrick wines 
		
		 - located in the heart of bannockburn, our carrick vineyards grow classic
		central otago pinot noir, as well as pinot gris, sauvignon blanc, riesling, and
		chardonnay. visit us to try our fine wines. 
	


		locharburn wines
		 - locharburn estate vineyard is located 16 kilometres north of central otago’s cromwell on the wanaka highway. locharburn produces pinot noir, pinot gris, chardonnay, reisling and sauvignon blanc wines.	
	


	


			packspur vineyard & winery
		
		 - packspur is a small family owned and operated vineyard and winery in lowburn, central otago. 
	



serendipity vineyard cromwell
young developing vineyard. vineyard stay, homestay and backpackers accommodation.  


lake roxburgh lodge -			
open daily from 10am serving morning coffees, lunches, afternoon teas and evening dining, our smoke-free restaurant offers something for every one. the friendly team serves an exciting array of a la carte dinners utilising the freshest seasonal produce available. 
	








	
	

	stadium tavern, alexandra	
	- restaurant and function centre


	the cellar door, alexandra

- a modern restaurant, function centre and wine tasting venue.			





		sports suppliers
	






central otago motorcycle hire
			 
			 - cromwell. base yourself here to enjoy superb day rides in new zealand's mountain country and further afield to fiordland, the west coast and throughout the south island. 
central otago motorcycle hire offers excellent bikes and equipment including harley davidson, suzuki, aprilia, bmw and honda - both road and adventure bikes are available. 
	
		

alpine sports, queenstown
			
			 - specialist hiking, rock and mountain climbing retailer located in downtown
			queenstown
		


			hch sports formulas
		
		 - hch sports formulas are homeopathic performance enhancing formulas for
		athletes. a 100% natural edge to help maintain maximum body and mind potential
		during racing and training.
	






events
			






otago 
  goldfields cavalcade - 
			


	held annually in march



	central otago wine and food festival

- annual celebration of central otago wines and food held in january/february  



central otago pinot noir celebration

 - celebration of pinot noir wines - february
  



maniototo rural art deco weekend

 - february/march

free ski open nz
the southern hemisphere's premier free ski competition featuring top riders from around the world in a combination of park events, downtown jams and the world's only heli-accessed big mountain event. with venues ranging from some of new zealand's most spectacular backcountry to the renowned ski areas of snow park and treble cone, this is free skiing at its best and an event not to be missed. lake wanaka, august.


events at tipapa  - situated amongst wonderful old trees on a 500 acre farm amidst north canterbury's beautiful rolling hills there is one of canterbury's finest country houses. 







		rural business 
		  sites
	





the agribusiness group  the agribusiness group is a new consultancy group established to focus on improving performance in businesses and organisations in the primary industry sector in new zealand and internationally. 


treliske 
  

- organic wool and meat producer

hazletts limited - individually handcrafted gloves made from new zealand lambskin, deerskin and opossum fur 





mrs jones orchard, cromwell 
  



visit one of central otago's most well known orchards. large selection of fresh
and dry fruits available all year round from the roadside stall or mail order.
orchard tours.



new zealand chestnut council

-

 the new zealand chestnut council inc (nzcc) is the nationally recognised
product group for chestnuts. its aim is to encourage, promote and advance new
zealand's chestnut industry including the promotion of the sale and
consumption, of fresh and processed new zealand grown chestnuts, both in new
zealand and overseas, for the benefit of new zealand chestnut growers



fibrecon south ltd

 lightweight fibre reinforced concrete agricultural, architectural and building
products at direct from factory prices. servicing south island, new zealand.



briar dell lavender farm, cromwell we specialise in lavender, lavender oil and products, herbs and old roses. set amongst a formal herb garden - garden tours by arrangement



lake wine services consultant winemaker and viticulturist for vineyard design and consultancy, specialising in growing and production of cool climate pinot noir and riesling wines, central otago





livestock office a complete sales, purchases and cashbook system designed specifically for livestock brokering professionals. also specialising in stock agent software, shearing contractors' payroll software and auction services.






....more sites







other business 
  sites






tyreland

 leading tyre specialists servicing the south island of new zealand. we supply
leading in-house tyre brands including vredestein, cooper, simex, and michelin
earthmover and industrial tyres, as well as dunlop, firestone, bridgestone,
mustang and goodyear. 



dean tobin barrister

dunedin barrister



subarb food fresh bags

keep vegetables, fruit, meat, cheese and bread fresh. these  practical, unique gifts, ideal for the busy mother or creative chef, improve kitchen storage, give better cooking results with tastier recipes while allowing you to save money by buying in bulk at cheaper price. made in wanaka.


....more sites







health







kiwihealth
 - kiwi health web sites and links for new zealanders, including pet health















education 
  sites







dunstan high school, alexandra

 
  - courses and information including overseas students and outdoor recreation
programmes

 new zealand education website



....more sites






real estate/investment








central otago wine real estate - real estate listing for vineyards and grape growing land in the central otago region of new zealand - which has an international reputation for fine pinot noir.





for sale: new self contained retirement unit in lifestyle village - located in central otago, south island, new zealand





molyneux estate, alexandra - 
premium lifestyle subdivision in alexandra, central otago, new zealand. 





pisa village, lake dunstan, cromwell.
 - premier lifestyle sections on lake dunstan near cromwell.



start right homes, central otago
 - own or rent a home near the southern lakes - cromwell and alexandra. homes for the first time investor, long or short term rental properties available








accommodation










south island:




nelson

villa victoria - nelson  - villa victoria is a nelson holiday home available for short term rental, fantastic setting overlooking nelson harbour and only minutes from the city 



canterbury
wilderness
lodge - arthurs pass  - accommodation in a beautiful wilderness setting,
canterbury (arthur's pass)
west coast


wilderness
  lodge - lake moeraki  - accommodation in a beautiful wilderness setting overlooking lake moeraki
  

  
  
 

  birds ferry lodge - charleston  - 	
fine, quality accommodation on the northern west coast of the south island of new zealand. ideally located, midway between the west coast glaciers and nelson/picton, making it the perfect spot to break your journey. 
lawrence
the ark - a delightful bed and breakfast accommodation set in a wonderful 1890's homestead in the historic otago gold mining town of lawrence.  perfect for a relaxing break in a comfortable and charming setting.
the ark also has a cottage/florist garden with shrubs, trees and perennials. it is open to the public for a gold coin donation and its most colourful time is from november through to autumn. a small selection of quality plants are available for sale. 



  

  
  central otago

  stenes cottage, mt 
    pisa station 
  
  - self catering farmstay accommodation on historic sheep and cattle station - situated 
    between cromwell and wanaka


  lake dunstan motel, cromwell 
  
  - relax in pleasant surroundings, explore queenstown and wanaka, or play golf
  on the adjacent picturesque golf course
  


cromwell motel 
  
  - spacious, older-style refurbished units set in park-like grounds, ample parking, swimming pool, bbq, children's play area. complimentary bikes and golf clubs. opposite takeaway/dairy. wireless internet available.
  


cottage gardens bed and breakfast, cromwell 
  
  - architecturally designed home featuring exposed beams and local stonework. a short walk to cafes, lake etc. across the road is an eighteen hole golf course.
  


  marshall road bed & breakfast, alexandra
  - comfortable bed and breakfast accommodation near alexandra. handy to river walks, fishing, golf, wine trails, rail trail, quality and casual dining.







 

  fruitlands country lodge
  - only 15 minutes drive from alexandra, fruitlands country lodge offers its guests the chance to experience a place of unspoiled beauty and an opportunity to taste a slice of central otago's history. bed & breakfast accommodation and licensed restaurant.
  

  

  bed & breakfast @ clyde
  - affordable family accommodation offering privacy & excellent hospitality in historic clyde, central otago. visit wineries, goldfields trail, cafes or relax in privacy. close to golf course, hospital, lake, walks and rail trail  

  

  

  aurum homestay, bannockburn
  
  living among the golden hills of bannockburn, near cromwell, we welcome you to our new home and relaxing garden environmnet, surrounded by local wineries, vineyards and the historic bannockburn goldmining sites.


  serendipity vineyard central otago backpackers and vineyard stay
  
  vineyard stay, homestay and backpackers accommodation.  base yourselves in cromwell to explore central otago, visit historical places, queenstown, wanaka, five ski-fields and numerous wineries and vineyards.


  walnut grove, cromwell
  
  bed and breakfast accommodation in our comfortable central otago country home
  close to cromwell, queenstown and wanaka. a guide can be arranged for excellent
  trout fishing.
  


  tourism cromwell - less than an hour's scenic drive from queenstown, new zealand, cromwell offers a wide range of accommodation and tourism activities - fishing, horse trekking, orchard tours, wine trail, goldpanning, historic and scenic tours
  


  lake dunstan lodge
  
  - quality bed and breakfast accommodation in a new home on the shores of lake dunstan, near cromwell


  villa amo on lake dunstan
  
  -  a 4 star qualmark new zealand homestay / bed & breakfast situated in a tranquil setting on the shore of  lake dunstan, cromwell, central otago. the ideal base from which to visit the lower south island n.z.
  

  


  bannockburn vineyard cottage - situated in the heart of central otago's premier wine region this modern cottage is located on a vineyard overlooking the kawarau arm of lake dunstan near cromwell. the cottage is semi-detached from the main homestead enjoys all day sun and has spectacular views over the lake to the pisa range. 
  
  



  carrick lodge, cromwell
  
  -  cromwell's newest 4 star plus qualmark rated motel. opened february 2006. closest motel to cromwell mall. designed with comfort & quality in mind, air conditioning and double glazing for extra warmth and quiet. be pleasantly surprised 






maniototo
  


  moyola art deco executive guest house, ranfurly - situated on state highway 85, 38 charlemont street ranfurly, only a few steps from the otago central rail trail - qualmark 4*+ luxury accommodation in art deco style 
  
ancient briton hotel, naseby with on-site accommodation for up to 40, the ancient briton is ideally suited to people looking for an authentic historic experience while complementing their stay with curling or mountain biking. motel units available. 
roxburgh
  


  lake roxburgh lodge - peace and tranquility surrounds you at  lake roxburgh lodge, set in three acres of landscaped grounds comprising 100 roses, some more than 45 years old, the ideal retreat for a weekend getaway. total indulgence for perfect relaxation.
  

  

  

  
lake wanaka
  

  

  wanaka bed & breakfast association 
  
   - visit wanaka, a lake and mountain resort nestled on the shores of lake
  wanaka, south island, new zealand, and experience the warmth and hospitality of
  local "kiwi" hosts who can give you an insight into local life and activities.
  


  limetree lodge, wanaka 
  
   leave the stresses and strains of the outside world behind and immerse yourself in the sublime surroundings of lime tree lodge, deep in the heart of one of new zealand 's most beautiful areas, lake wanaka 
  
  

  lake wanaka homestay  - relaxing homestay bed and breakfast accommodation in a modern home with breathtaking views of lake wanaka and surrounding mountains, in the spectacular south island of new zealand.
  

  

  

  

  

  lake wanaka pleasant lodge holiday park 
  
  - holiday accommodation and camping at a park peacefully nestled in the hills
  just outside of lake wanaka township in new zealand's southern lakes region.
  


  cardrona terrace estate, wanaka  zingara the 5 star qualmark nz architecturally designed luxury lodge at cardrona terrace estate is set in our boutique garden vineyard specializing in pinot noir and riesling . 5 mins from the centre of wanaka.the cuisine and wine show case the best central otago has to offer.
  


  mountain range boutique lodge, wanaka   is set on 10 acres of parkland in the cardrona valley, offering a peaceful and relaxing retreat just minutes from lake wanaka. rated 4+ star, facilities include 7 superking ensuite guest rooms with sumptuous imported linens, fluffy bathrobes and nz-made aromatherapy bath products, cosy lounge with open fire, and 8-seater hot tub under the stars. luxury accommodation in a warm and relaxed environment





  

  lake wanaka outlet holiday park

  
 - for campervan sites, tent sites, cabins on the shores of lake wanaka, new zealand. camping in nature at its best
  
wanaka home for rent - new three bedroom quality wanaka holiday home with great mountain views and lake glimpses.
  

  

  

  
queenstown
  

  driftwood 
  
  - superior lakeside self contained accommodation for singles or couples in
  queenstown, new zealand (not just the world's adventure capital, but a secluded
  retreat...)
  


  burnbank holiday cottage, arrowtown 
  
   - self contained holiday house situated in the historic precinct of arrowtown,
  only 20 minutes from queenstown.
  


  remarkables lodge, queenstown
   - escape the madding crowd to the quiet luxury of remarkables lodge. this 
  historic lodge is set at the base of the remarkables and commands an 
  astonishing view of the jagged peaks of this rugged mountain range.
  

fiordland

  fiordland lodge, te anau 
  
  new luxury accommodation situated on the te anau-milford highway. stunning views of lake te anau and the mountains of fiordland national park, full guest and dining facilities.
  

  ....more sites





  north island:
  





  inlet meadows homestay, kerikeri, bay of islands 
  
  - bed and breakfast homestay accommodation in a peaceful country setting near
  kerikeri in the beautiful bay of islands
  

  

  

  

  

  ....more sites







arts & crafts







  aurum gallery, bannockburn
   - maurice middleditch is a landscape artist who works in oils and watercolour. bannockburn has become home for maurice and wife janette, who have opened their home as a gallery and homestay.
  


 objects of art - a private gallery and workshop specialising in the creation of innovative personal jewellery and uniquely artistic implements. all works are hand crafted on site to clients’ specifications. we specialise in the use of fine metals (gold silver platinum bronze copper and brass) but we are not limited to these and will work in most any media you desire.
  





  craftworks
   - jennifer green - potter and artist. hand thrown pottery made in new zealand.
  

    







  clubs and associations
  





  new 
    zealand rodeo cowboys association 
  
   - latest standings and events
  

  sea kayak operators association of new zealand (skoanz) 
  the sea kayak operators association of new zealand, skoanz, promotes safey, environmental care, sea kayaking skills and standards within the industry
  

  otago sheep dog centre 
  
   - results and events
  

  

  public access new zealand


 cromwell speedway







  japanese web 
    sites
  




  new zealand showcase  
  
   - general information about new zealand as a destination in japanese language
  














new zealand south
the information centre for the south of new zealand  
site design by nzsouth limited
nzsouth@nzsouth.co.nz 

 






