 





            daily christian quotes - quotes from a variety of christian scholars, authors and mystics. available via daily email, with archives.        

























































toggle navigation





                            daily christian quotes                        



faq
tags
privacy policy
daily christian quote graphics














                katherine walden            

            january 30, 2025        


            i want to share with you that as of october 15th, 2024, i made the decision to stop updating the daily christian quote website with new quotes. this decision comes after much thought and reflection on managing my expanding ministry and my energy due to my disability. i appreciate your ongoing support and understanding during this transition. while new quotes will no longer be added, you may find occasional fresh content on the homepage. rest assured, this site will be kept up-to-date with all security updates and routine maintenance. thank you for your continued support and understanding.                        


 




                katherine walden            

            december 01, 2024        




did you know?
you can search this site with two methods:
1. use the search engine for keywords or by author's names.
2. use the tag menu at the top of every page on this site to find quotes by themes or subjects. looking for christmas or advent quotes, for example? not all quotes surrounding these themes have the keywords 'advent' or 'christmas' within the quote itself, and that's when the tag page comes in handy.                        


 




                katherine walden            

            october 26, 2024        


            although i no longer add quotes on this site, i am actively posting on katherinewalden.com.  i write short devotions and blogs, posting them there at least once a week.                        


 




                katherine walden            

            october 15, 2024        


             



dear cherished readers,

i am reaching out to share some bittersweet news with you. starting today, october 15th, 2024, i will no longer update the daily christian quote website with new quotes. this decision has not been easy, and it comes after much prayer and reflection. my ministry has expanded, and i find myself needing to reassess how i spend my time and energy as i live with a disability.

i express my deepest gratitude for your support and understanding as i navigate this new chapter. your presence on the daily christian quote website has been incredibly meaningful. i hope the existing quotes on the website will inspire and guide you. you can always search for quotes by subject, author, or speaker's name.

while i won't be adding new quotes, there are plenty of quotes - over 7900 - going back over 22 years for you to enjoy.

i am walking the path of obedience, trusting and having faith that god will guide me as long as i am open to his direction.

with heartfelt appreciation,
kath                        


 




                gayle erwin            

            january 01, 1970        


            i can make a good argument to the lord about how effective i can be if he would supply me with enough advance funds. it's a little frightening to pray for today's bread. that means i must pray again for tomorrow and believe again for tomorrow. my greedy heart is willing to be corrupted by a little bit of riches so that i see my warehouse full of loaves. i can make a good argument about how god won’t have to be bothered with me every day if he would only advance me about ten years' worth of bread.                        


 




                julia loren            

            october 14, 2024        


            living in that in-between state—the gap—between the unanswered prayer requests and the manifestation of provision demands that we take a big breath of his love and exhale trust, ruthless trust. the secret to living in that gap between promise and provision is understanding this: "godliness with contentment is great gain" (1 timothy 6:6). godliness, to me, means dwelling in god’s love, close to the heart of the father, becoming one with him. it means steadying my anxious thoughts by choosing to trust that though i do not see his provision, he will come through.

                         


 




                ann voskamp            

            october 13, 2024        




a proud man is seldom a grateful man, for he never thinks he gets as much as he deserves.

                         


 




                evelyn whitehead            

            october 12, 2024        


            we can no longer harbor it [unforgiveness and hurt] for later use against the other person. we must surrender the wound or injustice that may have become a cherished, if bitter, possession. letting go of this vengeful possession, we lose a painful advantage we have been savoring, but we regain the personal energy that has been dissipated as we nourished this hurt.             
                http://www.americamagazine.org/gettext.cfm?textid=3130&articletypeid=1&issueid=448            

 




                dan mccollam            

            october 11, 2024        




discernment is a good gift from a loving father, and it was never meant to build walls between you and others. i’m not saying that we open our doors and lives to people who are unsafe, but we shouldn’t let discernment keep us from connecting with people and life in the real world. jesus didn’t.                        


 




                paul manwaring            

            october 10, 2024        




one of the great lies in the church stops us as fathers and mothers from fathering people because we think in order to do it we need to be better than them. it's not about my ability. it's about my encouragement. it's about my love. it's about believing in him. for sons and daughters to become heroes they need moms and dads who believe in them, cheer them on, and encourage them even though they might not be as good at what they do.                        


 



page 1 of 79712345...102030...»last »












search














encouraging bible verses

katherine walden

privacy policy
© 2018 katherine walden

designed by: thinkmonkey inc.














  











privacy preferences
i agree









 

privacy preference center




options




consent management







consent management


i do not collect any information from you through cookies of any kind for any purpose on this website.  i have no need to know where you are from, who you are, how you surf the net or anything else about you. i'm just glad you dropped by.

as of may 14, 2018, i severed all ties with google adsense and google analytics to protect your privacy.

i participate in the amazon affiliate program and as such, i occasionally will place a suggestion for a book or item that i feel would be of help to you. if you choose to buy that book or item through amazon by following any links provided, amazon tracks your visit to their site. 

full privacy policy may be found here.


privacy policy



on
off



you read and agreed to our privacy policy.

























ok

















