






home |port angeles inn


















1.800.421.0706




home


our rooms




port angeles




day trips
attractions
helpful links




local cams


area videos




book a room


weather


directions


contact us






book your room now!


reservations: 1-800-421-0706



port angeles inn


free high speed internet


book a room



rooms with a view





















































































port angeles inn - spectacular harbor and mountain views




port angeles inn is located on the beautiful olympic peninsula of washington state, just steps away from the center of the national historic downtown district.
we are within walking distance of the black ball ferry line where you can take a day trip to beautiful victoria b.c. victoria offers many attractions such as the butchart gardens, and year round prince of whales (whale watching). you will need your passport handy when traveling to and from victoria b.c. while visiting us you can access downtown via the steps located at the nw corner of our building which leads directly to downtown. there is a lovely seating area with a fountain at the bottom of the stairs. take a stroll through downtown and visit an array of shops, boutiques, restaurants, galleries, and more.
 
port angeles inn is unique inn that it is family owned and operated. we are a small, intimate, 3 story inn with 25 rooms and situated on a hill in the middle of downtown port angeles, with many rooms overlooking the harbor. for the convenience of our guests, there is an elevator available for accessibility of rooms above ground level.
 
we offer in-room coffee to get your day going. all rooms have microwave, refrigerator, hairdryer and coffee maker. the friendly staff at port angeles inn are committed to clean, comfortable rooms and taking great care of our visitors. king balcony suites are available which have refrigerators, microwave ovens, patios and beautiful harbor-views.
 
port angeles has many attractions nearby such as the olympic national forest with lots of hiking trails from easy to advanced hikers. there is a visitor center on hurricane ridge with plenty of parking and breath-taking views of the olympic mountains. if you continue driving 1 1/2 miles past the visitor center you will reach the parking lot for the hurricane hill trail. the path is paved for the 1.6 mile (one way) trip up the ridge.
 
sol duc falls is a pleasant walk about a 1/2 hour past the hot springs located 40 miles from port angeles inn. the sol duc falls is said to be the most photographed spot in the olympic peninsula and is well worth the short drive. be sure to bring your camera, comfortable shoes and clothing, and additional time to relax and enjoy nature at its best!
 
for more information on things to see and do in and around the area while staying with us at the port angeles inn, be sure to visit our attractions and day trips page.
 
we look forward to seeing you!
 
 



















enjoy the beautiful views of port angeles and the port from our rooms
 
come stay with one of the top hotels in port angeles!
 

























reservations: 1.800.421.0706



















