











kazmierczak law - veterans disability & social security disability lawyers

















































 




















877-527-5529 








karl@kazmierczaklaw.com








followfollow














home
firm

firm overview
firm reviews
personal service
why hire our attorneys


veterans

veterans disability lawyer
veteran’s disability overview
camp lejeune lawsuit


attorneys

attorneys overview
karl a. kazmierczack
service connection
ama basics
frequently asked questions


social security overview

overview of practice
filed application, what’s next?
appeals process
disabling diseases
claimants over 50
disability help center
social security faq’s
resources


blog
contact us












 











karl kazmierczak, llc



veterans disability lawyers
& 
social security disability lawyers

call today for a free consultation!
877-527-5529

call us







nationwide veterans disability lawyers and social security disability lawyers
 







when you are disabled and cannot work due to physical and mental restraints you must adapt to the physical, emotional, and financial obstacles in your life. the last thing you need are the additional struggles that come with the confusing federal bureaucracies like the social security administration and the department of veterans affairs. let our lawyers help you navigate through the application, appeals, and hearings processes of your claim.

camp lejeune lawsuit 2022*
recently, the camp lejeune justice act of 2022 was signed into law, allowing veterans to bring forth a federal tort claim to recover damages for contaminated water exposure. if you or a loved one lived or worked on camp lejeune from august 1953 to december 1987, you may be entitled to significant compensation. note that this is separate from your individual va disability claim, but our veterans attorneys provide the expertise for you to obtain the justice you deserve.  








find out more











va disability help
do you need help with your va disability claim? contact karl kazmierczak, llc today!
if you have been denied in your attempts to gain service connection, increase your rating, receive an earlier effective date, etc., please click here to contact the va disability lawyers at karl kazmierczak, llc. we are grateful for your service and have been helping veterans get benefits for years. our site also is a great free resource in accessing information on va benefits and the process.
when you hire karl kazmierczak, llc to assist you in the process of achieving your va benefits you can rest assured that an accomplished and driven lawyer will advocate for your disabilities and get you the compensation you deserve.
through the firm’s remote technology we represent va clients nationwide!
no matter where you live we can help, please contact our office today to discuss your case. questions are welcome at any time and consultations are free and you will pay no legal fees* unless we win your case.







social security disability help
do you need social security disability help? contact the karl kazmierczak, llc today!
 if you’ve been frustrated in your attempts to receive social security disability (ssdi) or, please click here to contact the social security disability lawyers at karl kazmierczak, llc. we have more than 30 years of experience helping disabled people receive ssdi. we are experienced in our field. karl kazmierczak, llc esq. is also a board certified social security disability specialist by the national board of social security disability advocacy. the nbssda is an approved certifying organization by the aba. we’d appreciate the opportunity to put our skills and experience to work for you. 
we do this work because we care about people. our entire practice is devoted to helping disabled people.
when you hire karl kazmierczak, llc, you can rest assured that an accomplished and compassionate ssdi lawyer will handle your case.
we represent social security disability clients throughout new jersey and surrounding states. through the firm’s available technology and due to the covid-19 pandemic the entire claim’s process can be done remotely from the comfort of your home. consultations are free and your case questions are welcomed at any time throughout your claim’s status. you will pay no legal fees unless we win your case. 
**other fees may apply** (med records)








 we treat you like family









 disability center
.








social security faq
.








our blog
.









reliable and professional service delivery







our family law firm offers personal, responsive, client service as well as high-quality representation. if you contact us, we will get in touch with you within 24 hours. we will explain your options clearly and keep you informed of all important developments in your case.
please call us with any questions you may have – no obligation is necessary. this process is extremely confusing. do not feel alone. we will help. our knowledgeable attorneys and staff can answer any questions you have about your veterans disability benefits or social security claim’s process. please call, we want to help. 


















find out more








 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



convenience







we’re convenient! we understand the constraints of disabilities and whether you’re local in new jersey or across the country we are here to assist you and your claim’s needs. using phone, mail, fax, video, and/or email we will work around your constraints to provide you with excellent representation.
for accomplished, effective, and reliable representation that gets the results you want contact karl kazmierczak, llc.   

do you need help with your veterans disability or social security disability claims? 
contact our office today!
you pay no legal fees* unless you win!
nationwide representation for va clients and tristate area for social security representation. 
handicapped accessible offices
remote representation
flexible schedules 
responses to inquires within 24 hours

do you need veterans or social security disability help?
201-337-7704








contact us







from our clients








“i fought the va 30 years and not until i contacted this law office was i able to truly win. karl has insight that helped me get what i had deserved for many many years. evan after i was award permanent and total disability he continued with other options where i was awarded a sizable settlement, totally committed to his clients!”
- avvo review








“on behalf of my father, a vietnam veteran, mr. karl kazmierczak and his entire team were truly a saving grace. after years of my father fighting for benefits he rightly earned, mr. kazmierczak stepped in. with his determination, knowledge, and kind spirit mr. kazmierczak got my father everything he needed, and deserved. without his help, my father would not have been able to retire and he would not have gotten the health care he so badly needed. this team 100% cares about their clients. i highly recommend kazmierczak law firm and my family is forever grateful for them.“
- google review








“i had tried to get disability the entire year in 2019 and was unable to get it. it was very confusing. then i found karl kazmierczak and went to oakland, nj( very convenient) to see if they could help me. i met 2 preliminary ” lawyers ” and they took my information and told me exactly what to do. in a few months, i got disability. i was totally amazed and extremely impressed. i highly recommend this law firm if you have any disability problems. they will take good care of you ❤ karl & christina, sharon and jeff, thank you so very much.
- google review 







read more reviews



 











disclaimer

new jersey social security disability attorneys disclaimer: the social security disability information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. you should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation. we invite you to contact us and welcome your calls, letters and electronic mail. contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. please do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established. from our offices in oakland and newark, new jersey, and manhattan, new york, the new jersey social security disability lawyers of karl kazmierczak llc, serves clients throughout the united states, including alabama, alaska, arizona, arkansas, california, colorado, connecticut, delaware, florida, georgia, hawaii, idaho, illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, kentucky, louisiana, maine, maryland, massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, mississippi, missouri, montana, nebraska, nevada, new hampshire, new jersey, new mexico, new york, north carolina, north dakota, ohio, oklahoma, oregon, pennsylvania, rhode island, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee, texas, utah, vermont, washington, west virginia, wisconsin, and wyoming. regionally, we represent clients in the bronx, brooklyn, manhattan, staten island, queens, westchester, rockland, putnam, orange, nassau, suffolk, bergen, essex, sussex, hudson, and morris counties, and newark, paterson, and hackensack, new jersey.







quick links

homeveterans disability lawyerattorneyssocial security overviewcontact us

socials

followfollowfollowfollow



contact us




address
593 rampo valley rdoakland, nj. 07436






contact number
877-527-5529






email
karl@kazmierczaklaw.comkristine@kazmierczaklaw.com





send a message



name email address

messagecaptcha
  




















© copyright kazmierczak law, all rights reserved | privacy policy | custom web design by studio98



 





































