


home - central jersey bicycle club






























skip to main content
































add me to your mailing list











member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel






share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter






home rides / events join cjbc contact us ride guidelinesinterest to all tips tips & tricks bob geddis early club pho misc. links photo albums  newsletters benefits tips & tricksitems for sale items for sale by members





central jersey bicycle club, inc.







established 1968

"50 years and still rolling along"






 
 farmlands                                                 island beach state park                                        colombia visitors          





slideshow
farmlands 2014
















come ride with the central jersey bicycle club
join us
**our goals**
social and recreational biking
fellowship among bicyclists
promote the general interests of bicycling, to encourage and facilitate touring and all forms of bicycling activity
to secure a better understanding and recognition by the riding public for safer riding conditions
to encourage the allocation of facilities for bicycling on public lands
to encourage cooperation with public authorities in the observance of all traffic regulations
to advocate the recognition of the bicycle as a vehicle for advancement of public health, transportation, and pleasure


the benefits of membership -
rides for diverse levels 
spring member appreciation ride including lunch
fall memorial and anniversary ride including lunch
august ice cream social
annual october ride around the perimeter of manhattan
winter holiday party and awards dinner
awards for leading rides,  ride participation, and other types of volunteering  
and
free club membership in ridewithgps

see our facebook page for up to date events & photos--àhere
 
 



ride classifications
the following ride classifications and terrain ratings are used on the event calendar to provide potential ride attendees with an idea of what to expect on a particular ride.
 an example ride listing: 

 tuesday, jan 31
b+, 2/3, 35, ride name 10:00 am  leader name
starting at lyons mall in basking ridge.
please call ride leader to confirm ride. (your phone number)


b+ indicates a steady 14-15 mph pace
    
note the speed may vary during ride, depending on terrain. 


2/3 means over rolling to large hills
35 indicates that the ride will cover approximately 35 miles
the ride starts at 10:00 am, sharp
the ride leader has requested that riders call to confirm they are joining the ride
the ride leader's name and contact phone number are provided
    
note on leaderless rides: any leaderless rides listed in the hub are different from the other rides in that either has no predetermined leader. if you attend, you may or may not find someone assuming the leadership role. 




 pace ratings

speed indicates average upon completion of ride. 
speed may vary during ride, depending on terrain. 






class

 for
average speed
            while moving


 ax
strong, experienced cyclists in top physical condition
18 mph or more


 a+
strong, experienced cyclist
17-18 mph


 a
strong, experienced cyclist
16-17 mph


 a -
strong, experienced cyclist
15-16 mph


 b+
good, competent cyclists
14-15 mph


 b
good, competent cyclists
13-14 mph


 b -
good, competent cyclists
12-13 mph


 c+
average cyclists
11-12 mph


 c
average cyclists
10-11 mph


 d
 average cyclist
 8-10 mph 


 ez
 average cyclists 20/15 miles or less
 9 mph or less


 atb
all-terrain and hybrids 
...will vary with terrain
            and riders' experience.


 mtb
all-terrain bikes only
...will vary




terrain ratings 

 hill mania (multiple long and/or steep climbs)
 large hills (such as hillcrest road in warren or johnston drive in watchung)
 rolling hills (such as valley road in warren township)
flat (except for the occasional overpass) 

atb ratings 

 1 log: novice. basically flat. typically tow paths and fire roads.
2 logs: intermediate. rolling. rough paths and fire roads.
 3 logs: advanced. numerous steep hills, some technical.

mtb ratings

 1 log: novice. basically flat to smooth.
 2 logs: intermediate. rolling rugged.
 3 logs: advanced. hilly, technical.




























 


 









 


















home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 







