









freeradius






























our sites
networkradius
freeradius wiki














releases
documentation
modules
community
about
support




download {{stablebranch.last_release.name}}









we authenticate the internet
fast, feature-rich, modular, and scalable.
{{stablebranch.last_release.name}} release notes
download packages
commercial support



we are hosting a free online radius conference.  the conference is march 13, 2025.  there will be a number of talks related to radius security, along with talks focussed on the isp, enterprise, and education use-case.  there will be talks from alan dekok (freeradius leader), along with other industry experts such as klass weirenga (eduroam), bruno thomas (wba), and many others.
freeradius is the most widely used radius server in the world.  it powers most major internet service providers and telecommunications companies world-wide and is one of the key technologies behind eduroam, the international wi-fi education roaming service.  it is the radius server used by all cloud identity providers and is embedded in products from network equipment vendors and token card manufacturers.
the freeradius product suite includes a server, radius client, development libraries, and numerous additional radius and ip address-related utilities.  it is fundamental to the working of the internet around the world, and is responsible for authenticating hundreds of millions of users every day.










internet service providers
aaa for millions of subscribers.  infinitely flexible policy language.



internet service providers
freeradius authenticates users and tracks accounting data for millions of dsl connections and phones every day.









enterprise networks
global aaa servers.  active directory integration.



enterprise networks
both wired and wireless 802.1x solutions use radius as the backend. from the smallest business to the largest enterprise, it managers can be found relying on freeradius everywhere!









educational institutions
eduroam and wifi.  with 100k+ students re-authenticating every hour.



educational institutions
freeradius is commonly used in academic wireless networks, especially amongst the eduroam community.




















{{branch.date | date : 'yyyy.mm.dd'}}
version {{branch.name}} has been released. 
{{branch.summary}}.
view full release notes












this is the freeradius project, the open source implementation of radius, an ietf protocol for aaa (authorisation, authentication, and accounting).
the freeradius project maintains the following components: a multi protocol policy server (radiusd) that implements radius, dhcp, bfd, and arp; a bsd licensed radius client library; a radius pam library; and an apache radius module.
we provide a step-by-step guide to radiusd -x. the guide breaks down the different pieces of the debug output, and explains what they mean.  often you can just look for error or warning to solve many problems.





freeradius is responsible for authenticating one third of all users on the internet.
see why we're #1








get involved with the freeradius server project
our comprehensive support for protocols, data stores, directories, databases, and language integrations would not be possible without contributions from the community. open your favourite editor and help us make freeradius better!



develop new modules
api documentation, c code examples, and anything else you need to get up-to-speed and writing modules for freeradius.
view coding styles



submit new modules
developed your own module? great! submit your code back to the project and have it maintained by the community.
visit our github page



patch issues
found an issue? we accept patches for everything, from code, to documentation, and even to this website!
how to contribute



join the community








mailing lists:
users' list
developers' list
announce list









need a hand getting started?
subscribe to our mailing lists to receive the latest freeradius updates and assistance from members of the freeradius community.
support & services




we are the freeradius experts.
freeradius is sponsored by network radius.  we provide commercial sales, services, and support for freeradius.  isps, telcos, enterprises, and universities world-wide depend on us.  buy support today!












download {{stablebranch.last_release.name}}





© 2018-2023 the freeradius server project and contributors





docs
wiki
manual pages
useful how-to's
full server docs
api docs


modules
packages
report a bug


community
mailing lists
contribute
developer docs


about
the project
why we're no. 1
security
team


support
issue tracker
security issues
faqs
newsletters
commercial support
community support














