












spanish american war of 1898 database










the spanish american war
welcome to the spanish american war centennial website, the
            web’s largest database of all things related to the spanish american
            war! simply follow any of the links below to find to the data which
            you seek, or use the search box below! 


continuously growing since 1996 !



is this
            website helpful? use the button to put a tip in our virtual tip jar!


you can use this search engine to search our entire
        site:



 


the spanish american war was a
              conflict between the united states and spain. the conflict, also
              known as the "spanish war" and the "war with spain," occurred
              between april 22 and december 10, 1898. the war concluded with the
              signing of the treaty of paris on december 10, 1898.
section
                1:  the first section of this website below provides
              timeline of the war, basic information on the war such as a
              summary of the spanish american war, the declarations of war,
              information on where the war was fought, the causes of the spanish
              american war, why the war was fought, weyler's reconcentration
              order, major battles, the effects of the war,  the battleship
              maine, and the treaty of paris. in addition, there is general
              information on the average spanish american war soldier,  and
              the last surviving veterans of the war. this section also includes
              biographies of the people involved such as theodore roosevelt,
              william shafter, admiral dewey admiral cervera, etc., lastly, this
              sections includes specific information on the war in cuba, the
              philippines, puerto rico, etc.

 spanish american war chronology 


some basic information
war in cuba ||| war in the philippines
war in puerto rico


the war in hawaii and guam


 
 the home front


biographies
section
                  2: the second section of this website includes
                information on the spanish and american navies of 1898, with
                ship histories, technical data, and crew rosters. also included
                is histories and technical data on the weapons used such as the
                spanish mauser, the krag rifle and the .45-.70 "trapdoor" rifle,
                lee rifle, the dudley sims dynamite gun, the whitehead torpedo,
                etc. also included are histories of the regiments that fought in
                the war such as the "rough riders," 20th kansas volunteer
                infantry, etc. we have included information on spanish and
                american army and navy uniforms, flags, medals, and dog tags.
                additionally, we include specific information on african
                americans and native americans who served in the campaign.
                lastly, we include data on prisoners of war.




 action reports and first hand accounts
 


the us navy ||| the
spanish
              navy

virtual tour of the usfs olympia



weapons profiles
 regimental histories

medals ||| uniforms

african americans in the war


native americans in the war


prisoners of war


section
                  3: the third section of the website includes data of
                use to family members and genealogists looking for data on
                individuals who served in the war with spain. this section
                includes rosters / muster rolls of the various regiments and
                naval vessels who took part in the war.  also included
                under "researching a spanish american war veteran" we include
                articles on how to research a specific veteran, links to useful
                data, information on how to read a gravestone correctly, a
                glossary of abbreviations found on gravestones, and information
                on how the spanish american war and the philippine american war
                are related.

 
rosters of regiments and ships





researching a spanish american veteran



national spanish american war veterans'
                  gravesite recording project

section
                      4: the fourth section of the website includes
                    information on important aspects of the conflict, such as
                    the american newspapers, their reporters such as stephen
                    crane, and richard harding davis, etc. we address "yellow
                    journalism" and the competition between pulitzer and hearst.
                    this section also includes information on the practice of
                    medicine during the war, as well as the music from the war
                    period, its brass bands and people like john philip sousa.
                    lastly, this section also addresses how the troops and navy
                    crews were fed, even including some recipes!



 

medicine in the war



journalism and the war


feeding the troops ||| music
                    of the war
section
                        5: the fifth and last section of the website
                      addresses how the war with spain is remembered today,
                      through living history and re-enactment groups, events and
                      exhibits, and places to visits such as museums and even
                      shipwrecks. we also include worksheets that can be used by
                      teachers in their classes to teach about the conflict.

events, exhibits ||| re-enactment/living
                      history groups


 

miscellaneous ||| places
                        to visit! ||| shipwrecks


 

 educators' information


 

 
 our blog ||| links!



what's new on the spanish
                          american war centennial website 

volunteers
                              needed!! enlist now!!! 
if you have text or images to
                          contribute, or if you would like to write one of the
                          sections

book and
                          publication bibliography ||| video
                          bibliography ||| book
                          recommendations 

about
                                  us ||| privacy
                                policy
 

uss olympia needs
                              your help! 
click here
to learn how you can get
                              involved!
support this
                                  site by visiting the website
                                    store! (help us defray costs!)




we are
                              providing the following service for our readers.
                              if you are interested in books, videos, cd's etc.
                              related to the spanish american war, simply click
                              on the link below to go to amazon.com, type in
                              "spanish american war" as the keyword and 
                              get a list of titles available through amazon.com. 
 


 (the website now numbers over
                                        1,360
                                        individual webpages) 

this has
                                          been chosen for monthly archiving by
                                          the library of congresses as part of
                                          its minerva
                                            project 
comments? suggestions? e-mail
                                          us

copyright 1996 to
                                        2023 


 






