




home - alliance for the great lakes

































































donate
campaigns
get involved
news
about
contact us
 






search alliance for the great lakes


 


donate
campaigns
get involved
news
about
contact us
 

        donate
      









the federal government plays an essential role in protecting and restoring the great lakes. tell congress to advance these 5 great lakes priorities.
tell congress: protect the great lakes in 2025





protecting water, sustaining life
the alliance for the great lakes is a nonpartisan nonprofit working across the region to protect our most precious resource: the fresh, clean, and natural waters of the great lakes.

how you can make a difference








advocacy & leadership
we partner with communities and decision makers to develop actionable solutions that protect the lakes and our communities.







research & analysis
our research and analysis inform community leaders and guide policy to protect the great lakes.







education & action
we support people and communities in protecting the lakes by providing action-oriented information and programs.












protect the great lakes & clean water
help us continue our work to stop invasive carp, keep plastic out of the lakes, and ensure everyone has access to clean drinking water.
donate today 





upcoming events
browse all events


webinar – report from dc: great lakes issues on the national stage
february 20 @ 12:00 pm – 1:00 pm  cst online


adopt-a-beach spring kickoff 2025
april 25 – april 27at your favorite great lakes shoreline


great blue benefit 2025
june 12 @ 6:00 pm – 9:00 pm  cdt columbia yacht club




in the news
see more news



president’s message
february 13, 2025
update: keeping invasive carp out of the great lakes
invasive carp are headed toward the great lakes, advancing up the mississippi and illinois rivers where they have already wreaked havoc. the brandon road project – a series of underwater […]




press release
february 11, 2025
great lakes restoration initiative reauthorization introduced in us senate
washington dc (february 11, 2025) — today, senator gary peters (d-mi) and senator todd young (r-in) reintroduced in the u.s. senate the bipartisan great lakes restoration initiative (glri) act of […]




press release
february 11, 2025
alliance responds to delay in invasive carp barrier project
chicago (february 11, 2025) — the alliance for the great lakes responded today to a delay in the project to construct barriers at brandon road lock and dam that would […]









join a beach cleanup
adopt-a-beach is a fun, easy way to give back to your community and keep plastic pollution out of our great lakes.
find a cleanup near you host your own cleanup 



 





get the newsletter
get the latest updates about how you can help protect the great lakes.


first & last name



email address



subscribe















jobs
contact us
privacy policy
terms of use













alliance for the great lakes is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.




150 n. michigan ave., suite 750 chicago, il 60601 | 312-939-0838




© 2025 alliance for the great lakes. all rights reserved.








				protect the great lakes			

join us to learn how you can help protect our region’s most precious resource.


first & last name

email address

subscribe






			×			












