








home - power to change ministries










































































 























tax receipts for all 2024 donations will be sent out by february 28, 2025














 knowabout usour historyour leadersour financialsministriesathletes in actionchristian embassyconnecting streamsdigital strategiesdrimefamilylifeleaderimpactp2c–studentsthe jesus film church planting strategypartnersglobal aid network (gain)statement of faithfaqnewscontactreceivepodcastsresourcesprayermentorshipstoreserveopportunitiessalariedsupportedvolunteergo on a mission tripbecome an online missionaryblogdonatefrstore


search for:








 









search for:




















loading...







helping people know jesus and experience his power to change the world. 


you can help














home


home 







homecoulter peterson2024-05-09t08:49:31-07:00 













jesus has the power to change the world.
we believe that when people know jesus, their lives change. with jesus, they can change the lives of everyone around them. through jesus, they can change their communities, their cities, and their nations.
you can help make him known.
giveserve



with the increasing level of uncertainty in our world today, people need the good news of jesus more than ever. you can help! join a network of online missionaries and easily minister right from your own home to those looking for support.
join us









“we were about to separate but this conference saved our marriage. we were able to talk about our differences and issues and made a vow again to work on our marriage and not give up.”
wife of 10 years at a familylife weekend getaway “this is the first time i’ve ever connected jesus with my life…i want to be like jesus. i want to live for something other than myself.” businessman who found jesus through christian embassy “phenomenal event! i appreciate the authentic, genuine, and real exchange that occurred today. it has reset my course for my life ahead!” grey cup breakfast attendee



who we are




who we are
our work began in 1967 as campus crusade for christ on university campuses across canada. today, we have grown into a family made up of 10 ministries and 1 humanitarian partner. we reach diplomats, athletes, families, vulnerable populations, and more with the life-changing news of jesus.








athletes in action
reaching people with the message of jesus through sport.




christian embassy
inspiring political and diplomatic leaders everywhere to live and lead wholeheartedly for jesus.




connecting streams
equipping and mobilizing the church to help reach vulnerable populations.




digital strategies
helping people online to know jesus.




drime
helping people encounter jesus through drama and meaningful gospel-centred conversations.




familylife
providing help and hope to build strong marriages and families.




leaderimpact
helping leaders explore the relevance of faith in god in their professional and personal lives.




p2c – students
helping students discover jesus and equipping them for a lifetime of ministry.




the jesus film
bringing the message of god’s love through the jesus film, discipling new believers, training leaders and planting churches.




global aid network
as our humanitarian partner, gain demonstrates the love of god, in word and deed, to hurting and needy people around the world through relief and development projects.




our ministries









athletes in action













christian embassy













connecting streams













digital strategies













drime













familylife













leaderimpact













p2c-students













the jesus film church planting strategy













women’s heart-engaging network (when)













global aid network








need prayer?
we believe in the power of prayer. if you are facing a difficult time in your life, we would love the opportunity to pray for you.
×submit a prayer request we believe in the power of prayer. if you are facing a difficult time in your life, we would love the opportunity to pray for you. 

 











name




email



prayer request







 




δ×


request prayer



need someone to talk to?
talk to a mentor. whatever you are going through, talking to a mentor is a safe and private way to share tough issues or ask tough questions. fill out the form below and a mentor will contact you by email.
×talk to a mentor online talk to a mentor. whatever you are going through, talking to a mentor is a safe and private way to share tough issues or ask tough questions. fill out the form below and a mentor will contact you by email. 

 











name




email



message
describe your situation or ask a quesion.





 




δ×


connect with a mentor





 






 
 





contact 1.800.563.1106
give@p2c.com
30439 great northern ave,
abbotsford, bc
v2t 0j6
charity number: 118827849rr0001
regional offices

serve mission trips
 opportunities

 

know about us
ministries
partners
statement of faith
faq
contact
privacy policy

connect blog









 

give ways to give
why partner?
how to give
financial responsibility
donate now
×donation disclaimer

while power to change ministries seeks to honour the expressed designation of each gift, it’s important to note that all gifts reflected here are gifts to the ministry of power to change ministries. as such, even though a donor may have expressed their preferences, power to change ministries retains the discretion to use all gifts as it believes they will best advance its charitable purposes. if a donor’s preferences change, it is the responsibility of that donor to inform power to change ministries of such a change.

closedonation disclaimer
 

receive resources

store

prayer

mentorship
 

 
 
 





		copyright 2024 power to change ministries	



 
 
 
 
 




































