







home - bc square & round dance federation bc square & round dance federation
















































 














skip to content









call us today! 1-800-335-9433|info@squaredance.bc.ca 

 














 































 

 
























generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors









homeagmabout the federationsillery awardfederation newsletterbcfestival2025membership formsgrantssquare dancewhy do we dance?round dancefestivalssquareup bcpromotional toolsresourcesleader directorycontact us



































 

 














generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors























homebcsquaredance2025-01-24t12:42:40-08:00

 
b.c. square & round dance federation
to preserve, promote and perpetuate square dancing, round dancing, contra dancing and other related forms of dancing in the province of british columbiaalso visit us on facebook  and xnovember newsletterclick on the image to go to the festival 2025 page
click on the image to go to the festival 2026 page
 
find a club in bc
join a club  to start having fun and meet new people!visit the promotion library
for promotional articles, editable posters and brochures!cross trail news onlinea vancouver island square & round dance online magazine
visit the site - click herearticle from the vernon morning star
"social dances pop up around okanangan"
































 

 














generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors









click here for the agm pageto read current and past agm reports and minutes
 
  
    
 
 
b.c. dance calendar
for square dances in b.c.
send your club info to info@squaredance.bc.ca
or
wheresthedance.com
find a club wherever you arein north america
(check that your club info is up-to-date)
“square dancing is the perfect exercise.it combines all positive aspects of intense physical exercise with none of the negative elements.”

dr. arron blackburnregion chattersubmit your chatter to: webmaster@squaredance.bc.ca
article in the williams lake tribune about square dancing https://www.wltribune.com/home/square-dancing-starts-up-in-williams-lake-sept-19-7527503
congratulations to the powell river dancers on 60 years of dancing it takes alot of committed members to accomplish this.all of us, dancers, board members, dance leaders put our hearts and volunteer hours into support of our clubs, but still clubs fade that powell river has been here for 60 years is quite an achievement congratulations to them and all the clubs that are here in 2024 !
you all deserve a yellow rock !
sincerely mae fawcettvice president of bcsrd
something very exciting happened june 9 to 14th in salmon arm bc fourteen callers attended a caller school, nine brand new callers from bc, 2 brand new from alberta, and three that attend to enhance their skills and find new ways to branch out.seven women and seven men! everyone came away with new skills and raring to go. watch your regions for flash mob dances, intro to dance similar to brent's first fridays,new callers joining the stage with established callers, some new caller only dances , and some new clubs starting up in the fallin fact, one person has already had a first night calling at a mini club out of her homethis is great news for square dancing !
mae fawcette1st vice president
okanagan cloggin' 9th clogover
june, 2024the okanagan cloggin' group from kelowna/west kelowna had their 9th clogover vine workshop in west kelowna the weekend of june 7, 8, and 9 with 80 attendees. the workshop began on friday night with a meet and greet/registration night to get all of the dancers together for a little bit of socialization. clogging started early on saturday morning with 2 halls - one for beginner/easy dances and one for intermediate dances, as well as a free "intro to clogging" session with 9 participants. the dance sessions went every hour with a break for lunch (served on-site) and dinner, and then re-convened for a fun dance in the evening from 7:00 to 9:30. sunday the clogging session went from 9:30 am to 1:30 pm, followed by a sunday post-event activity of a wine tour and dinner at the gasthaus restaurant in peachland. our featured instructor, darolyn pchajek from winnipeg, mb kept the energetic group moving with a number of dances as well as other instructors: barb guenette from nanaimo, bc; ginny bartes from mesa, az; mike mcdow from phoenix, az, dan rowan from mesa, az; elaine brisebois from cold lake, ab; shelley duff from langley, bc; and barb bizovie from west kelowna. participants were from manitoba, saskatchewan, alberta, bc, washington state, arizona, and nevada. the okanagan cloggin' group did a wonderful job hosting the event and are planning to celebrate their 10th clogover vine workshop in 2025 on june 6,7 and 8. let's keep dancing!

 
region 1 will be hosting some larger events/dances in may.   any one of the events will be dances that everyone and anyone will want to attend.   please see our website to see the exact times and location of the spring round up, the big birthday bash (country cousins & mavericks) as well as the joint lviwsrda/uvisrda dance with john corrigan calling.   https://region1.squaredance.bc.ca  until we see or hear from you further,
cheers
gary weeks
director at large region 1
gwwlog@shaw.ca 
250-889-1369
 
the clubs up in the interior, vernon, salmon arm, kamloops and even williams lake are intrigued by brent's first friday dances, so much so that a group of us are heading down to check out in person his may 3rd dance
we hope to take in the chilliwack dance the next day.
it's soo nice to be able to travel again, gas prices are high, but having lyle and diane o'hara graciously hosting all of us and giving us space to dry camp in their yard made it more affordable.  yellow rocks to them both !
sincerely mae fawcett
past president of vernon star country squares
vice president of bcsrdf
 
region 2 has recently presented joe witiuk with a 5 score badge at the stardowners trifle dance.
joe is 100 years old and still dancing. the b.c. square & round dance federation will be presenting joe with a recognition certificate for still dancing at 100.
see the region 2 report to the agm with a photo of joe and the 2 presenters of his 5 score badge.
 
end of march 2024
the northern twisters square
& round dance club prince george
 (region 5) has 40 members, 12 who also dance plus and most of those dance a1 & a2. (instructor lorne paulson on tuesdays & thursdays)
our ssd and mainstream caller is gys koops. guest callers are dolores young from vanderhoof and jolanda van dyk.
our round dance cuer is gary dean. 
a usual night has 2 or 3 squares and 4 to 8 round dancers.
at the end of may six beginners will graduate from the social square dance program. they are all from one family, the youngest aged 7. 
we continue to meet on monday evenings september to may plus once a month in june, july, and august,  from 7 to 9 at trinity downtown, on 5th and brunswick, previously called knox united church. 
our annual schedule includes several theme nights and a few potlucks. 
 
president dolores young
vice president glenda matthews
treasurer loretta mckinnon 
secretary julie skead
 
contacts for the club are: 
youngdolores08@gmail.com,
glmatthews@shaw.ca,
drmck@telus.net,
juliamcgowan@gmail.com
 music licensing
for callers, cuers and leaders:
a license is required to use music for square dance, round dance, etc.tariff 19 license for dancestariff 22.d.1 for video
more infophoto and video permission
dance events in bc may be filmed, recorded, and photographed by various individuals and/or the media.
these photos and recordings may be used for educational, archival or promotional purposes and may be included in future dance publications, videos and websites.
unless otherwise stated, you agree to be filmed, recorded, or photographed for the above said purposes.
please advise event organizers and/or photographers if you do not wish to have your image used.covid-19 reminder
due to the covid-19 pandemic the bcsrd federation executive advise that all members of the federation follow the guidelines of the bc health minister as to the best practices available for reducing the spread of this virus. 


 
 





 

explore b.c.s. & r.d.federation
festivals
reports & minutes
promotional tools
membership forms
dance info
history
find a club
contact
 

get in touch

 1-800-335-9433

 info@squaredance.bc.ca

 

 
 
 





		copyright © 2023, bc square & round dance federation | all rights reserveddeveloped by trilogy solutions 

 
 
 
 


 
 























































































































































 



