










bethany children's home | providing brighter futures since 1863









































 










(610) 589-4501
info@bethanyhome.org



facebook


 





facebook



 












home
about us

leadership
echo newsletter
open & affirming
annual reports
contact us


emergency information
programs
services

art department
educational programming
nutrition
spiritual services
facilities


make a difference

eitc
planned giving opportunities
wish list
donate now


news
alumni/archives
events

2025 events
holidays at bethany


employment
 


select page


  
 
 















bethany children’s home
in our unique and specialized programs, youth have access to a variety of therapeutic, spiritual, and cultural services in addition to recreational activities. youth reside on campus in one of our historic cottages with dedicated support staff and resident advisors. explore the tabs above to learn more about bethany children’s home, how we support local youth, and how you can help us help youth succeed in their goals to be reunified in the community!






apply now to make a difference in the lives of youth! enjoy 4 weeks pto and other amazing benefits! click here for details.










our vision
bethany children’s home vision is of a community where all youth and staff are safe in their environment and feel safe within themselves. to bring this vision into reality, we provide the resources needed to children and families to work through their losses, enabling them to have a brighter future.



our mission
the mission of bethany children’s home is to provide a safe place of nurture, protection, and supportive care to aid our residents in their self-understanding, growth, and healing toward a brighter, healthier future.











our affiliations
bethany children’s home is affiliated with many industry and community organizations, including:

lebanon valley chamber of commerce
greater reading chamber alliance
hugh smith and associates
pennsylvania council of children, youth & family services
society for human resource management
pawsitive hearts pet therapy










we are now certified as a “specialized setting” for victims of trafficking and youth transitioning into adulthood. the specialized setting certification is a component of the federal family first prevention services act, signed into law in 2018.







you can help us continue our life-changing work.the support we receive from community partners and donors ensures we can continue to help children in their healing journey.
click here to give







latest news
stay up to date with all things bethany!












								we are hiring! visit us at oct. 14 job fair							

oct 8, 2024 | 0 commentsread more





								our auxiliary committee needs you!							

aug 30, 2024 | 0 commentsread more





								we have partnered with communityaid!							

jul 5, 2024 | 0 commentswe have partnered with communityaid, a thrift store with seven locations across central pennsylvania. learn about the organization and their mission here: communityaid.org. you can help bethany by donating goods to any of communityaid’s locations and providing our...
read more









read more news







subscribe for bethany news & updates!never miss a beat! simply enter your email and we will keep you up-to-date on all things bethany.




success!



email





subscribe


















get in contact with us







mailing address
bethany children's homep.o. box 93womelsdorf, pa 19567





ein: 23-1365188





contact us
phone: (610) 589-4501fax: (610) 589-5771email: info@bethanyhome.orgto make a referral to any of our group home programs, please email bethany at bethanyreferral@ bethanyhome.org.for employment inquiries, email lbracken@bethanyhome.org.







learn how you can make an impact at bethany!





send us a message



 


























 








contact us bethany children’s home
p.o. box 93
womelsdorf, pa 19567
p: (610) 589-4501
f: (610) 589-5771
e: info@bethanyhome.org
ein: 23-1365188
 

explorehome
programs
services
make a difference
news
legalprivacy policy
terms and conditions
sitemap
 






facebook


© bethany children's home. all rights reserved. 











































 


