






nudgee college old boys' association online community







































 





























make payment





























































login / register
update your details










a few words about us
in 1922, the christian brothers recommended the formation of the nudgee college old boys' association inc. (ncoba) as an independent organisation, separate from st joseph's nudgee college. the aim was to foster a strong bond of friendship among the old boys and support the ongoing development of the college. 
today, the ncoba remains a place where every old boy is welcomed, offering opportunities to network, form new friendships, and stay connected to the legacy of nudgee college. above all, it provides a lifelong community where old boys will always be able to connect with their 'ten thousand brothers'.



















upcoming events






view all events  












follow us on facebook


stay up to date with community news and events by following our facebook page.




find a business / service in our community


find a business or service or list your own business on the nudgee college business directory




follow us onlinkedin


stay up to date with business and networking news and opportunities by following our linkedin page.




giving


find out how you can support the future of nudgee college.













1891college opened


1922nudgee college old boys' association formed


1924main oval developed (aka ross oval)


1941honour boards unveiled and presented by the ncoba
                            


1967senior boarding house (single rooms for each boy) and science classrooms opened by prime minister robert menzies. hendry oval was constructed.
                            


1991nudgee college centenary


2015new learning & boarding buildings opened


 2020flats development


2022ncoba centenary lunch






















check out what is happening on our socials

view our current facebook feed and be sure to follow us!


















let's stay connected
feel free to reach out with any questions, ideas, or concerns using the contact details below. don't forget to register via the home page to stay updated on important news and events, and to gain full access to all website features















call us+61 7 3865 0316





say hellooldboys@ncoba.com.au



visit usnudgee college old boys' associationst joseph's nudgee collegepo box 130, virginia qld 4014
















 








 


nudgee college old boys' association
						c/- st joseph's nudgee college
						po box 130
						virginia qld 4014


phone: +61 7 3865 0316
email: oldboys@ncoba.com.au

 















privacy and cookies policy
terms and conditions  








































