











infinite illusions photography






























contact info


infinite illusions


galleries








thanks for visiting my site in endless progress.  additions to it will be done as time permits.  this site is mainly to show my work through the years. i've included different photos of models i've had the chance to work with, including: alex arden (july 2001 penthouse pet) alexa lauren (30th anniversary penthouse pet)amanda bach (webmodel) angela young (model - ujena swimwear, e! online, bud girl, maxim hometown hottie finalist 2003) [featured model]beverly hills (adult actress)brandy flores (fitness model - oxygen, muscle & fitness, reebok, ironman and many more) [featured model]breanne ashley (print model - lowrider, wakesurfer, transworld mx)carmen garcia (fitness/glamour model - ironman, musclemag, lowrider, muscular development and others)caroline casta (adult/glamour model)crystal klein (march 2005 penthouse pet - swank, hustler, club, and more to come) debbie entin (frederick's of hollywood / print model / actress)emily marilyn (fetish / bondage / adult model)jamie bjorge (model / actress)janie terrazas (model / actress - co-host of "off the roof" on mun2 tv)jessi summers (adult actress)jimmy thomas (fitness model - american health & fitness, men's exercise, and more)kelley fitzpatrick (fitness model) lauri june (print model / "miss la music awards 2003")leslie ortiz (lowrider / budweiser model)lexi schafer (playboy / print model) mandy fisher (oct 2000 playboy college pictorial) shazia ali (print model / actress) [featured model]star zemba (jul 2002 playboy cybergirl)tatiana anderson (fitness model - espn2, ironman, ms. fitness, and others) tomiko (webmodel)tyla wynn (adult actress)valerie baber (print model / actress - playboy, playboy tv, muscle mustang, lowrider, hot rod) [featured model]  and aspiring models and some of just friends or people that believed in me enough to allow me to work with them.  it definitely has been difficult and frustrating at times but i'm happy to say that the hard work has paid off and it has gotten easier.  so if there are any photographers reading this, i hope you don't give up and continue on through the struggles and the flaky models (i'm sure you know what i mean).i really have to give special thanks to three individuals (laura, liz and tina) who, without them, i wouldn't have been able to start this rollercoaster ride.  they were the very first models i had a chance to work with and the first to trust me enough to allow me to photograph them.  so if you three are reading this: thank you!!!thanks to all that have helped make this site and my work possible.  so click on"galleries" (to your left) and i hope you like my work.  if you need to contact me on pricing or have any questions, please feel free to write in. "i don't make you look good.  you make me look good. "








bio





featured models










support the fight against breast cancer


support the fight against aids


support human rights


























last updated: january 18, 2011





all photographic images on this site are copyrighted and may not be used without expressed written consent frominfinite illusions photography








copyright 1998 - 2011 infinite illusions photography








archives


flaky models










