





 the vw independent

































 









  
  tuesday, feb. 18, 2025


van wert weather forecast



news
sports
opinion
lifestyles
arts
law enforcement
real estate
education
church
obituaries
farm





business-employment
about us
submit stories
archives









rss


 


 



more information sought ahead of athletic upgrades



crestview board of education president brad perrott reads aloud from the agenda during monday night’s school board meeting while superintendent kathy mollenkopf listens. scott truxell/van wert independent
scott truxell/independent editor
convoy — a brief discussion was held on proposed upgrades to crestview’s athletic facilities and more discussion will be held, after treasurer ashley whetsel said she’s not comfortable with the projected $10 million price tag until some questions are answered.
during monday night’s crestview local schools board of education meeting, whetsel said she’ll feel more comfortable once there are clear answers about the state’s biennium budget and fair school funding, the status of the u.s. department of education and local contract negotiations.
“several of these things will be finalized before the end of the summer so perhaps we wait a little bit,” she said.
the board is considering the use of certificates of participation (cops) program to finance the renovations and upgrades (see story here). a march work session is likely to be scheduled to discuss the matter further.
the board accepted several resignations, including sue speaks, cook; beth scheiner, transportation administrative assistant/emt support; kimberly carr, school nurse; hannah white, kindergarten teacher; sarah wells, middle school/high school vocal music teacher, and sara miller, paraprofessional. miller was then approved for an 83 day administrative contract as transportation administrative assistant. lillie rosebrock was approved as middle school track and field coach, while morgan hicks and danica hicks were approved as volunteer coaches with the middle school softball program.
the board also approved an overnight trip for the ffa to columbus april 30-may 2, and approved membership in the ohsaa for the 2025-2026 school year.
(more…)


posted: 02/17/25 at 10:02 pm





taste of vantage set for next monday



vw independent staff/submitted information
vantage career center will be offering an opportunity for local community members, interested adult and high school students, parents, alumni, and associate school district staff to explore vantage programs at the annual open house and “taste of vantage” from 5:30-7:30 p.m. monday, february 24.
the open house is a celebration of career and technical education, recognized nationally throughout the month of february, and will highlight both high school and adult education programs.

delicious food samples will be available at taste of vantage. vw independent file photo
“we welcome this opportunity to open our doors to our community members so they can experience what our student’s experiences and training opportunities look like every day,” said community relations coordinator miriam owens. “this is a great event for community members or potential students eager to know more about vantage adult and high school programs, advanced training, skills and equipment, credentials and licenses, and what opportunities are available to students upon graduation, whether they are college or career bound.”
vantage’s 18 high school career technical labs will be open and students will be leading demonstrations of their skills while sharing the opportunities available to them throughout the two years as a vantage student. guests will be able to speak with instructors and connect with local employers stationed throughout the building. an informational meeting regarding student life and college credit plus will be held at 6 p.m. in the community room for any incoming students and parents.
vantage adult education staff will be available to showcase their full-time and short-term programs, including customized training options for local employers. current enrollment opportunities include police academy, practical nursing, lpn to rn transition, phlebotomy, emt, firefighter, cdl and cna programs. grants, scholarships and financial aid are available for select program. graduating seniors or adults wanting to gain advanced skills, even employers interested in an upskilled workforce should come to the open house.
(more…)


posted: 02/17/25 at 10:01 pm. filed under: news




girl scout cookies now available!



submitted information
now through march 16, area girl scout entrepreneurs will be out and about the community at local businesses, holding drive-through cookie booths, setting up cookie stands in their neighborhood, and taking online orders to ensure cookie lovers can enjoy all their favorite girl scout cookies.
this year’s lineup includes the perennially popular thin mints, caramel delites, peanut butter sandwiches, and the lemonade, and for the last time, the toast-yay! variety, which will be retired after 2025.


customers can plan their cookie shopping excursion by visiting gswo.org/findcookies and entering their zip code to find upcoming booths. customers may also use that same link to connect with a troop for local delivery or shipping, or purchase cookies online for donation to area foodbanks and military and veterans’ organizations.
all proceeds from cookie sales stay local in western ohio and southeastern indiana, fueling inspiring experiences throughout the year, including camp, amazing trips, service projects and much more.
when girls participate in the girl scout cookie program, the largest entrepreneurial program in the world, they acquire a host of invaluable entrepreneurial skills, including goal setting, money management, decision making, people skills, and business ethics. each box of cookies sold allows girl scouts to develop an inextinguishable entrepreneurial spirit, gaining courage, confidence, and character as they conquer new feats and embark on new adventures.
in addition, girl scouts obtain transferable life skills as they earn a variety of related badges and awards, including cookie business badges, financial literacy badges, cookie entrepreneur family pins, and entrepreneur badges.



posted: 02/17/25 at 10:01 pm. filed under: news




interviews scheduled for tuesday



vw independent staff
convoy — second round interviews for the position of crestview local schools will take place tuesday night.
the school board will meet at 5 p.m. in the board office and will immediately go into executive session to interview the two finalists for the job. the interviews were originally scheduled to take place last wednesday but the meeting was canceled due to inclement weather.
board president brad perrott said the board plans to hire a new superintendent in march. the person chosen will replace current superintendent kathy mollenkopf, who’s retiring july 31



posted: 02/17/25 at 10:00 pm. filed under: news




stabler named vw hospital president



vw independent staff/submitted information
ohiohealth has named paula stabler, rn, msn, president of van wert hospital. she’s replacing joy bischoff, who was recently named vice president of enterprise shared services for the ohiohealth system.
described as a strategic and results-driven healthcare leader, stabler brings extensive experience in clinical and operational leadership, patient-centered care, and hospital administration.

paula stabler
prior to stepping into this role, stabler served as the hospital’s chief nursing officer and senior director of patient care services since 2022. in that time, she has been instrumental in driving quality improvements initiatives, fostering a workplace culture of continuous learning, and enhancing both patient and employee satisfaction. according to a press release, under her leadership, the hospital has achieved significant cost savings while providing patients access to high-level care close to home.
“we are thrilled to have paula step into this new role leading van wert hospital,” said ohiohealth’s president of regional markets, chris clinton. “her dedication to van wert hospital and the community is unmatched.”
with a strong background in executive leadership, inpatient nursing, emergency patient care, and hospital administration, stabler has played a key role in shaping healthcare services in the community. her accomplishments include transforming workplace culture, leading strategic partnerships, and overseeing major facility enhancements, like the van wert ambulatory walk-in center and more recently, a $3.15 million pharmacy expansion at van wert hospital.
“i am honored to take on this role and continue working alongside our incredible team,” stabler said. “this hospital is an essential part of the community and i look forward to making sure we are here to make a positive impact on our patients’ lives for years to come.”
(more…)


posted: 02/17/25 at 8:57 am. filed under: news




roadways the subject of an odot study



vw independent staff/submitted information
columbus — the ohio department of transportation, along with governor mike dewine released the results of an 18-month study looking at transportation investments to support economic growth and development in the state.
“the goal is to help us understand how ohio’s highways influence and support statewide economic growth and prioritize transportation projects, as funding is available,” dewine said. “ohio’s economy is growing and to keep this momentum going, we must get people to work and deliver goods on time.”
for more than a year, odot has worked with the governor’s office of workforce transformation, the ohio department of development, jobsohio, and more than 500 elected officials, business leaders, and transportation and regional planning experts to identify needs, opportunities, and concerns. staff from odot’s 12 districts also shared their local expertise.
ohio ranks sixth in the nation in terms of freight volume with nearly 1.4 billion tons of freight moving to, from, and through the state annually. ohio-based businesses can access more than 60 percent of the u.s. and canadian population within a one-day drive. the state’s multimodal transportation system, which includes highways, rail corridors, airports, transit systems, and marine ports, lead the nation by many measures. this system supports the industries and the workforce that drive the state’s economy.

according to a study by the ohio department of transportation, new and improved roads create new jobs and spur economic growth. odot photo
“overall, most of ohio’s major highway corridors are handling the needs of today and are expected to do so in the future, even if current population and economic growth trends accelerate,” said odot director pamela boratyn. “however, we have identified congestion risks that could hinder future economic development. this tool will assist odot and local leaders in ensuring transportation is never a roadblock to economic opportunity.”
in just the past five years, ohio has seen major investments from companies like intel, amazon, google, meta, honda, pharmavite, aunduril industries, joby, and many others. these companies are choosing ohio due to workforce, location, and quality of life. however, each of these things rely on a strong transportation system.
in 2023, ohio’s gross domestic product (gdp) was $872.7 billion, the seventh highest in the nation. six of ohio’s metropolitan statistical areas ranked in the top 100 in the nation for gdp. cincinnati, columbus, and cleveland are in the top 40.
what the study found
the report identifies 72 congestion risk locations across the state, referred to as “hotspots.” all were considered in the context of ohio’s economic goals and odot’s broader mission to provide a transportation system that is safe, accessible, well-maintained, and positioned for the future. 
of the 72 congestion risk locations, all but 21 were already on odot’s radar. the 51 projects already in the odot pipeline represent a total investment of $13 billion. however, $6.1 billion worth of the projects remain unfunded. there is no funding source identified for the other 21 projects the study recommends.
six corridor focus
odot analyzed risks associated with congestion in seven geographic/economic regions and studied interregional connections along six focus corridors. these corridors included toledo to columbus and sandusky to columbus, as specified in ohio house bill 23. they specifically examined how these corridors will meet travel needs over the next 10, 20, and 30 years.
(more…)


posted: 02/16/25 at 10:06 pm. filed under: news




vw fire dept. receives gratitude grant



submitted information
van wert elks lodge 1197, benevolent and protective order of elks, recently donated $500 to the van wert fire department for their “no child sleeps unprotected” program.
the money, provided thru the elks national foundation in the form of a gratitude grant was made possible through the generous donations to the foundation by the members of van wert elks lodge 1197. during the 2023-2024 lodge year, the goal of the foundation was that each lodge donate a minimum of $4.80 per member. van wert lodge met their goal and surpassed it. due to these donations, the lodge received the gratitude grant.

shown above are michael c. stanley, lodge elks national foundation chairman and van wert fire chief jon jones. photo submitted
the elks national foundation is a perpetual trust fund established in 1928 by the benevolent and protective order of elks. contributions to the foundation are made each year by over 800,000 elks and their families and friends from more than 1800 elks lodges across the united states, puerto rico and the philippines. with this money, the van wert lodge is proud to be able to help provide smoke detectors to all incoming kindergarteners in all the van wert county schools.
“the benevolent and protective order of elks have always been known for their charitable works and this is van wert lodge’s way of helping our community and those who are in need,” said michael c. stanley, lodge chairman for the elks national foundation.



posted: 02/16/25 at 10:06 pm. filed under: news




rivals united a big success again



vw independent staff/submitted information
the united way of van wert county is pleased to announce crestview and lincolnview schools raised $31,000, $31,203 to be precise, during rivals united week, which was held last week.
rivals united started as a friendly competition between crestview and lincolnview student bodies to see who could raise the most money for the united way.
the fundraiser begins each fall with the staff campaigns. both schools then participate in numerous events throughout the week leading up to the boys rivalry basketball game, including spirit week activities, a daily superfan competition, ffa basketball game, hot shot, dash for cash, granny shoot out, and t-shirt sales.

crestview and lincolnview teamed up once again for the annual rivals united campaign. bob barnes/van wert independent
the schools have decided in the past few years to work together for a grand total, rather than one winner.
along with the staff and students, many businesses make the event possible through sponsorships and product sales. the united way thanked the following sponsors for their donations to the annual fundraising event: first financial bank, first bank of berne, superior credit union, laudick’s jewelry, clint myers excavating, slushers jewelry, parrish orthodontics, harting livestock, harting homesteaders, truland equipment, mccoy automotive, dirty deeds, gibson’s bbq, cheers & gears, klosterman pizza, the well nutrition, daily dose, the rebel bean, winans chocolate, convoy tastee freeze, unruh trucking, recovery massage, and knights pizza.
donations given to the united way of van wert county are invested right back into the community. through the programs funded by the annual campaign drive, donors can touch the lives of almost everyone in van wert county.



posted: 02/16/25 at 10:05 pm. filed under: news




chocolate walk…




it turned out to be a “sweet” night in downtown van wert. main street van wert’s annual chocolate walk was held on friday night, which happened to be valentine’s day and it was a big success. 225 people walked (or used a shuttle) and explored the downtown area while supporting local businesses and pop up vendors. of course, they also enjoyed chocolates from participating establishments. in all, there were over 29 stops and main street van wert executive director mitch price thanked all of the event’s sponsors – the van wert county foundation, cooper farms, superior credit union, first financial, ohiohealth and tekniplex. photos courtesy of quincy thompson




posted: 02/16/25 at 10:02 pm. filed under: news




museum to host membership meeting



submitted information
paulding — the paulding county history museum will hold its annual membership meeting and election of directors and officers at 3 p.m. sunday, february 23, at the museum in paulding. the museum is located at 600 fairground drive in paulding, across from the fairgrounds, and the program and meeting are free and open to the public.
the program will feature guest speaker john daeger, commander of vfw post #587. he will speak about the purple heart trail project and the planned veterans memorial in paulding. the vfw and paulding eagles members are raising funds to build the veterans memorial at the corner of williams (u.s. 127) and caroline streets, a block from the square. the project will honor each branch of the military and all those who have served. 
area residents are encouraged to attend and learn more about paulding county’s fascinating history and what the museum has planned for 2025.
refreshments will be served after the program. guests may browse the exhibits before and after the meeting.
in case of bad weather, check the historical society’s facebook page for updates.
the museum will reopen for the year on tuesday, february 18. regular hours are tuesdays from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. admission is free.



posted: 02/16/25 at 10:01 pm. filed under: news




rivals united…




it was a big success – rivals united 2025 between crestview and lincolnview raised $31,203 for the united way of van wert county. the money will be used to help those in need. the two schools competed in various events throughout the week to help raise funds. the grand total was announced friday night during the crestview vs. lincolnview game. for a full game story, check the sports page. bob barnes/van wert independent



posted: 02/15/25 at 12:49 am. filed under: news



 



      copyright © 2010-2025 the van wert independent — subscribe to our rss feed
       — web site design by j. dewert enterprises, llc
  
 

