





sexologist doctor | sexology clinic | dr. roy medical hall










































































dr. roy medical hall
jaffer khan colony | calicut | kerala | india
sexologist doctor - sexology clinic
+91 93491 13791



established in 1960
english |
 hindi | malayalam | tamil | kannada
whatsapp
online consultation
 beware of duplicates








 menu

home
about us
doctors
our services
contact us
utilities

tell a friend
faq
site map












































sexual weaknesssexual difficulties can begin early in a person's sex life or they may develop after an individual has previously experienced enjoyable and satisfying sex. such a problem may develop gradually over time or may occur suddenly as a total or partial inability to participate in one or more stages of the sexual act. the causes of sexual difficulties can be physical, psychological, or both...  
 read more 




premature ejaculationpremature ejaculation occurs in men of all ages. "premature ejaculation" or "quick discharge" is ejaculation before the man wants it to occur he is unable to control or delay the process. men, who experience premature ejaculation, frequently question their masculinity and lose confidence in their sexual performance, which often leads to feelings of lowered self-esteem...  
 read more 




nocturnal emissionsnocturnal emissions occur when whitish fluid called semen is released through the penis while a boy or a man is sleeping. nocturnal emissions are most common during the teenage and early adult years. it is associated with the fact that males typically get an erection often during sleep and the semen released owing to the direct result of the stimulation caused by either erotic dreams or memories...  
 read more 




leucorrhoea or whitesleucorrhoea commonly known as whites refers to a whitish discharge from the female genitals. the vaginal discharge plays an important role in maintaining a healthy vagina. the secretions are designed to flush out bacteria and other tiny organisms to prevent infection...  
 read more 




syphilissyphilis is a bacterial infection usually transmitted by sexual contact. the disease affects your genitals, skin and mucous membranes, but it may also involve many other parts of your body, including your brain and your heart. the "pox," as syphilis was once known, first appeared in europe in 1490...  
 read more 




gonorrhoeagonorrhoea, a highly contagious sexually transmitted disease (std), is one of the most common stds, sometimes referred to as "the clap," gonorrhoea may produce signs and symptoms such as a burning sensation when urinating or a thick discharge from the penis or vagina. many people experience mild or no signs or symptoms...  
 read more 




genital herpesgenital herpes is a highly contagious sexually transmitted disease. features of genital herpes include pain, itching and sores in your genital area.the cause of genital herpes is a strain of herpes simplex virus (hsv), which enters your body through small breaks in your skin or mucous membranes...  
 read more 




chlamydiachlamydia is a bacterial infection of your genital tract that spreads easily through sexual contact. you may not know you have chlamydia at first because the signs and symptoms of pain and fluid discharge don't show up right away if they show up at all. many people experience no signs and symptoms...  
 read more 




studies on penis sizeunstable blood flow is the prime cause for giving an impression of size reduction, at the time of penile erection the blood vessels required ten times much blood flow in the penis. improper blood circulation leads to weakening of tissues, veins and reduces the overall blood flow to the penis and as a result, your penis will not obtain a full erection...  
 read more 




what is the cure?nature is the greatest doctor in itself and unani is a branch of complete medical science which gives the cure to the diseases with natural herbs. unani system concerns more with the symptoms and so physical tests are not necessary in all cases. therefore, the unani treatment needs to know mainly the symptom of a particular disorder...  
 read more 




treatment durationthe majority of patients who attend our clinics tend to suffer from very long-standing and chronic conditions. the average time for most of the people to get full recovery is 2-4 months, in our experience a short course of medication & treatment isn't sometimes sufficient for this type of patients to observe an immediate improvement...  
 read more 




how to get medicineevery day we receive many requests for consultation, and every email is read and processed personally by our chief physicians, anyone who wishes to move to non-chemical medication and like to try safe, kindly fill up the details in consultation form and submit it now.
click here for the consultation form  
 read more 




why unani medicine?the unani الطب اليوناني system of medicine originated in greece, unani system follows the humoral theory which postulates the presence of four humoral in the body. unani medicine is an alternative approach to medical treatment that is practised largely in india. unani has brilliant medicinal assets for all kinds of sexual disorders...  
 read more 




best unani physicianhe is the pioneer in launching a website for promoting unani. then, by investing a lot of money, he converted it also in vernacular language to benefit his large number of patients who are more comfortable with vernacular. the tech savvy dr roy has played a key role in making the educated youth understand the benefits of unani.  
 read more 




hakim ajmal khanmasih-ul-mulk hakim ajmal khan was a noted indian freedom fighter, renowned physician, and educationalist. he was the founder of the jamia millia islamia in delhi. he is the only person to have been elected president of both the indian national congress and the muslim league, as well as the all india khilafat committee. he was also the president of the hindu maha sabha.  
 read more 




a success storythe treatment gave me hope, confidence, and more importantly self-pride. i am writing such a long statement because i know... how much it changed my life, so i feel compelled to express my profound appreciation for a successful cure. now i understood that each system of medicine has its unique excellence with curative properties...  
 read more 




improve sex lifeone of the best ways to enhance your health is cardiovascular exercise, sex might especially get your heart rate up, but regular exercise can help your sexual performance by keeping your heart in shape. 30 to 45 minutes a day of sweat-breaking exercises, such as running and swimming, can do wonders to boost your libido...  
 read more 




better sexual performancesexual desire is a gift from god, just like all other desires that he has built into us. it is not our fault that we get aroused at sexual thoughts. these are built in physiology. in order to have a legitimate outlet for this built-in desire, god has created mates for us. the desire to have a better sexual performance for men is again, not a new obsession...  
 read more 




low sperm countlow sperm count means that the fluid (semen) you ejaculate during an orgasm contains a smaller amount of sperm than normal. this is also known as oligospermia if you have lesser than 20 million sperm per milliliter of semen. the reason for infertility may be sometimes difficult to understand but may include inadequate levels of certain hormones in men...  
 read more 




skin disorderssymptoms on your skin that appear due to common problems aren’t always the result of a skin disorder. however, skin problems that have no obvious cause may indicate the presence of an actual skin condition that requires treatment. bowel-related disorders often cause skin problems, diabetes experience skin problems...  
 read more 




sexual problems in womenthese difficulties may occur due to physical or psychological causes; these causes may include conditions like nerve disorders, hormone problems, diabetes or heart disease. psychosomatic causes may include work-related stress and anxiety, depression or concerns about marriage or relationship problems...  
 read more 











our doctors





hakim shabeer ahamed roy
proprietor & ceo







dr. niyaz ahamed roy
bachelor of unani medicine & surgery







dr.mohammed hussain
bachelor of unani medicine & surgery







dr. narayan mudgale
bachelor of ayurvedic medicine & surgery







dr. nilofar roy
bachelor of ayurvedic medicine & surgery







dr. nishad roy
bachelor of unani medicine & surgery







dr. jasira zaiba parven
bachelor of unani medicine & surgery







dr. umme kulsum
bachelor of unani medicine & surgery





additional topics
 hijama arabic traditional medicine therapy



hijama (arabic: حجامة‎ lit. "sucking") is the arabic traditional medicine for wet cupping, where blood is drawn by vacuum from a small skin incision for therapeutic purposes. it is reported that the islamic prophet muhammad said, "indeed the best of remedies you have is hijama, and if there was something excellent to be used as a remedy then it is hijama.



 panchakarma a fivefold detoxification treatment



panchakarma is cleansing of the body according to ayurveda. panchakarma is claimed to eliminate the vitiated doshas from the body. this is a set of five (pancha = five in sanskrit) procedures. they are vamana, virechana, nirooha, nasya, and anuvasana. nirooha, anuvasana and uttaravasthi form the basic types of vashti. the term panchasodhana includes vamana, virechana, sirovirechana, nirooha, and rakthamoksha.



 why do sexologist doctors publishing advertisement?



why do doctors, who are treating sexual disorders publishing advertisement? if all people who are facing various sexual problems, concerns and confusions have to be educated on effective solutions for their problems only media advertising can reach to all of them. these are the main causes for regular advertisement released by sexologists.



 ignoring sex health is the key to a stressful life | sexologist doctor



people must be empowered to exercise control over their sexual and reproductive lives and must have access to related health services. while these rights, and the ability to exercise them, constitute an important value in themselves, they are also a condition for well-being and development. the neglect and denial of sexual and reproductive health and rights are at the root of many health-related problems around the world.



 reason for losing sexual health and penile erection



it is important to maintain the lifestyle habits to prevent sexual weakness. impotence isn't aged specific; any age group can be affected. young men, in particular, can be prone to recurrent problems because of nerves, stress and the pressure to perform. we can provide you with the require solution with our brilliant assets of unani herbs...



 excessive masturbation is a misuse of sexual power



it is fairly common for young boys and, less frequently, for young girls to masturbate (handle or rub their sex organs). long-term involvement may become an emotional problem. depression, low self-esteem, confusion about sexuality, guilt, shamefulness and sexual problems such as erectile disability are observed among people resorting to excessive and prolonged masturbation.



 facts about sexual health



nature has produced many wondrous things, but few are more amazing than the human body. from your hard-working heart to your incredible brain, here are facts to surprise you.



  stress can kill sex - guideline on medication



follow the label instructions carefully. some medications need to be taken with food, while others should be taken on an empty stomach.



 four humors (bodily fluids) interpretation of the unani medical concept



four temperaments is a proto-psychological interpretation of the unani medical concept of humorism and suggest that four bodily fluids affect human personality traits and behaviours.



 many stamps released by the different nation to honours avicenna



many stamps released by the different nation to honours avicenna (980-1037), the great islamic scientist, philosophers and forefather of unani system of medicine.



 basic principles and concepts of the unani system



the unani system is a science that deals with the preventive and promotive aspects of human beings and health problems occurred by the ecological and environmental factors, which may vitiate humor i.e. blood, phlegm, yellow bile, and black bile, the fluids circulating in the body vessels.



 roymedical.com now registered under trademark act



roymedical.com now registered under trademark act 1999, in class 42 to give service through website, internet, portals, blogs and emails....



 understanding sexuality - sexologist doctor



sex is man’s second strongest instinct. an instinct that is second only to the survival instinct. this means that if a man’s life is not immediately imperiled, the next thing he will automatically think of his sex.










our medical services

male sexual problems
female sexual problems
infertility
obesity
skin ailments
rheumatic disorders
hijama
counselling

 


contact us
calicut office
roy medical hall
jaffer khan colony
calicut. 673006, kerala, india
 
consultation timing
daily : 11:00 am to 6:00 pm
sunday : holiday
 
call for appointment:
+91 93491 13791
+91 88484 73488
+91 88933 11666

click send whatsapp
calicut location map












 
click for online consultation form











counselling for real sexual experience






human remain sexually active till 90's






frequently asked questions






what is the cure?
treatment duration


how to get medicine
why unani medicine?


a success story
improve sex life


sexual weakness
premature ejaculation


nocturnal emission
excessive masturbation


penis size
low sperm count


women sex problems
leucorrhoea


our doctors
best unani physician


home page
contact us



disclaimer || terms and conditions || privacy policycopyrights © roy medical hall



