


ohio mediator | john m. alton & co., lpa






















































81 mill street, suite 300,  gahanna, ohio 43230



 




request consultation
614-439-6526




 menu 

home
attorney profile
firm overview
mediator
mediator reviews
ins. co. and hospital approvals
former litigation clients
contact
 















ohio mediator

john alton serves as a mediator throughout ohio at the request of or approval by defense lawyers, hospitals, insurance companies, plaintiff lawyers and corporations. venues include cleveland, akron, canton, youngstown, toledo, dayton, cincinnati, columbus, zanesville, athens, mansfield and lancaster.
due to social distancing guidelines associated with the covid-19 crisis, john alton also provides the option of a “virtual mediation” that simulates a traditional mediation as closely as possible. each party and its counsel are placed in virtual rooms. the technology platform put into place provides for privacy and confidentiality in every “virtual room”.
many cases involve serious injury or wrongful death due to alleged medical malpractice, product liability, defective medical device, premises liability, intentional tort or political subdivision liability. john alton has also mediated 1983 actions, legal malpractice, negligent security, cspa, and employment cases.
more than 50 medical malpractice, legal malpractice and property and casualty insurance companies and hospitals have requested or approved john alton to mediate disputed claims.
john alton’s background of 40% defense and 60% plaintiff for more than four decades along with more than 60 trials to verdict (two-thirds defense and one-third plaintiff) enable him to provide a balanced perspective at mediations. mr. alton is often available as a mediator on short notice.
mediator reviews

why john alton?
john alton serves as a mediator throughout ohio at the request of defense lawyers, hospitals, insurance companies, plaintiff lawyers and corporations. venues include cleveland, akron, canton, youngstown, toledo, dayton, cincinnati, columbus, zanesville, athens, mansfield and lancaster.
among john alton’s distinctions and honors are:
national academy of distinguished neutrals (2021- present)
america’s premier invitation-only association for civil/commercial mediators and arbitrators, john was nominated by his peers in 2020 to join this illustrious collegial group.
american college of trial lawyers (2000- present)
the american college of trial lawyers is the most exclusive trial lawyer organization in the country and is limited to no more than 1% of the lawyers in any state. in ohio only .3 of 1% of lawyers are fellows of the american college of trial lawyers. to be accepted, one must be nominated and approved at the local, state and national levels of the american college of trial lawyers.
american board of trial advocates (1996- present)
john alton became a member only two years after switching sides to become a plaintiffs’ attorney. abota is a national trial lawyer organization comprised of 50% plaintiffs’ lawyers and 50% defense lawyers.
martindale hubbell bar register of preeminent lawyers (1992- present)
since 1985, john alton’s peers have rated his legal ability and ethics the highest level – av. in 1992 martindale hubbell also recognized john alton as a preeminent lawyer in medical malpractice – a very narrow subspecialty of personal injury law.
ohio super lawyers (2004- present)
for the past 17 years, john alton has been rated a super lawyer in medical malpractice.
best lawyers (2005- present)
since 2005 john alton has been recognized by best lawyers in medical malpractice, product liability and personal injury. in 2013 john alton was recognized at the tier 1 level in each of those areas of concentration. john alton was voted professional malpractice lawyer of the year for 2020.


schedule a mediation




your browser require frames, click link below






home
attorney profile
firm overview
mediator
mediator reviews
ins. co. and hospital approvals
former litigation clients
contact



send an email



















submit
 





mediator reviews









have worked with/against john for over 35 years. top notch professional. great mediator. highly recommend.
mediation with john alton is more than a legal process. it’s a human experience. john is skilled, principled, and effective and i recommend john without any reservation, whatsoever.
john is an exceptional mediator. i have used him a number of times and always found him to be insightful, fair, and committed to the process.
john did a fine job as a mediator particularly in your preparation, and i will not hesitate to recommend john



read more

































content disclaimer
the laws governing legal advertising in the state of ohio require the following
statement in any publication of this kind: "this is an advertisement."this web site is
designed for general information only. the information presented at this site should not
be construed to be formal legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client
relationship. the materials contained on this website are provided for general
information purposes only and do not constitute the legal or other professional advice
of john m. alton co., lpa. if you need the services of john m. alton co., lpa, please
contact john alton today for a free case evaluation. the law offices of john m. alton
co., lpa provides legal representation to individuals and businesses throughout the
state of ohio. our columbus and central ohio law practice includes franklin, delaware,
knox, licking, fairfield, pickaway, madison, union,marion, richland, crawford, wyandot,
scioto, monroe, and muskingum, as well as cities of columbus, grandview, mansfield,
upperarlington, hilliard, dublin, powell, worthington, delaware, westerville, new
albany, gahanna, reynoldsburg, bexley, whitehall, pickerington, pataskala, canal
winchester, lancaster, circleville, obetz, and grove city. our areas of concentration
include among others, medical malpractice litigation, professional negligence, attorney
malpractice, personal injury litigation, business litigation and product liability
litigation.




john m. alton & co., lpa

81 mill street, suite 300,  gahanna, ohio 43230

614-439-6526












copyright © 2025 john m. alton & co., lpa.
all rights reserved 



























