grassy creek cabooses


where you can sleep in a real caboose.come spend some time in a real, completely refurbished railroad caboose (with all the modern amenities) just off the blue ridge parkway at orchard gap, approximate mile 193.5. probably the most unique lodging along the blue ridge parkway. grassy creek cabooses are cabooses renovated into cabins for lodging/rental in the blue ridge mountains near fancy gap virginia. all units have a private bath with a shower, kitchenette, satellite tv, heat and air in each unit, also there are  2 person jacuzzi's in the depot, 042 and 407. we are convenient to i-77 near the nc/va state line or highways 52 & 58. the renewable energy for grassy creek cabooses comes from a hydroelectric power plant on the new river off i-77 at exit 24. we are currently open thursday, friday saturday and sunday with a 2 night minimum, we are closed monday tuesday and wednesday. if you are wanting multiple days which include the days we are closed please contact us to see if we would be able to accommodate you. check in time is 3 pm or after and checkout is by 11 am. we do not have early check in's or late checkouts. rates range from $99 to $119+ tax. no cleaning fees, we've never had them. rates are based on up to 2 person occupancy. additional fees may be involved for additional people (no children under 13). we offer the best value around with our prices, amenities, views and accommodations. no smoking. smoking is restricted to outside and there will be a minimum $250 room refresh rate for smoking inside any units. there is a 7 day cancellation policy. no shows will be charged.we can be emailed at thecabooseman@yahoo.com or phone us at 276-398-1100. since opening in 2000 we have had folks from around 25 different countries visit us. a good portion of our guests return for more visits, some have been coming for over 14 years, we have even had guests return from australia for a second visit. we have had folks on their honeymoon return for their anniversaries. we value all of our guests no matter who they are or where they are from. we find it very interesting to listen to folks tell us about their counties and the history of their homelands. grassy creek cabooses were built in the great old usa, we're family owned and operated (on site). please tell your friends, family and coworkers about us.relive a bygone era when train travel was fun and elegant. come relax in a real caboose built by nickel plate road or norfolk western and reminisce about the simpler times when everything wasn't so hectic and fast paced. travel back in time and remember how you enjoyed waving to the brakeman in the caboose window when you were sitting at the tracks waiting for the end of the train to pass. perhaps you'd prefer to stretch out in our large mountain cabin, we call it the depot. it's similar in appearance to some of the old depots that once dotted the landscape at small railroad stops across the country.the 2 person jacuzzi is in the bedroom with a queen size bed and an additional full size futon is in the living area. the depot is very spacious with over 500 sq/ft (16'x32') and features 3 decks 2 of them covered as well as all the other amenities of the cabooses. there is also a 42" flat screen tv in the living area. you will not find a cabin this size with all the extras we provide for less. pictured are a few of the remaining mining cars from the old  austinville lead mines. there is only limestone left now but the mines used to produce the lead for musket balls, cannon balls and other things during the  revolutionary war and the civil war. the lead was taken to the shot tower on the new river & molten lead was dropped down the tower into the river where it immediately cooled to form a round ball. the mines were opened in 1756 and were discovered by colonel john chiswell. the center car was an actual dynamite car but i had to rebuild it after it was out in the weather for around half a century.we have a more relaxed, private setting. our views are more awesome especially the sunsets. plus we offer the most unique accommodations around. as mentioned we have jacuzzi's in most units and extended hi def satellite on the  flat screens including the main sports channels. being located just off the blue ridge parkway there is virtually none of the traffic or traffic noise sometimes associated with the parkway. escape the hustle and bustle of urban life as you relax on one of the decks in an oversize rocker while taking in the high meadow, rolling countryside at an elevation around 3000 ft. there are a couple of oversize swings on the hill to relax and unwind while the world hurries by. since we're just off the blue ridge parkway you will find this to be a peaceful and serene setting.grassy creek cabooses is a great place for your anniversary, honeymoon or a romantic getaway. you will find our accommodations to be secluded & private. we are biker friendly.on a clear night you can sit outside to see thousands of stars in the higher altitude without a bunch of those bright vapor lights. a good app to use while viewing the stars up here is sky view. another useful app is flightradar24, we are a main air corridor for flights from europe and new york to atlanta and mexico city. during the day you can walk around the 27+ acres and hike down the hill to grassy creek. there you can relax all by your lonesome among the pine & laurel thickets. on occasion you may see a doe & fawn run across or maybe even some turkeys or a buck.whether you're just stopping over while traveling the blue ridge parkway or as a home base for the many local activities you will find grassy creek cabooses to be a most enjoyable and memorable place to spend some time. mabry mill the most photographed spot on the parkway is north about 18 miles. we are a convenient stopping point here in fancy gap for folks traveling from the indiana/ohio region down to myrtle beach via the i-77 corridor.we are close the wineries of château morrisette, shelton vineyards, villa appalachia, black wolf vineyards, round peak vineyards and old north state winery for folks looking to do winery tours. when you return with your find we have wine glasses & a corkscrew available in each unit. if the hillsville flea market is your thing then we are only about 15 to 20 minutes away. into the music scene, we are near floydfest, blue ridge music center and the galax fiddlers convention. we're on top of the mountain above mount airy which hosts mayberry days and autumn leaves.all of the cabooses and depot are furnished with the following: satellite tv, queen size bed, kitchenettes including refrigerator, microwave, coffeemaker and toaster. we have furnished them with plates & utensils for grilling out on the charcoal grill at each caboose. they have a private bath, queen size bed and hair dryer. there are decks with large rockers and a table in between to rest your beverage of choice.  the depot, 042 and 407 have 2 person jacuzzi's. linens are furnished with each caboose.we have a special when calling us directly, you can stay 5 consecutive nights and get the 6th night free. not applicable if reservations are made elsewhere on other sites. grassy creek cabooses are: open year roundour replica of a water tower that was used to resupply the steam engine water tanks. where are the girls from petticoat junction?sunset 1please bookmark us (ctrl-d) as future reference for any of the following:floydfest, blue ridge music center, mountain lodging rental, galax fiddlers convention, mountain cabin, i-77 corridor or blue ridge parkway, mabry mill, hillsville flea market, biker friendly, chateau morrisette, shelton vineyards, villa appalaccia, black wolf, round peak, old north state winery, railroad caboose cabin, railcar, mount airy, mayberry days, autumn leaves, nascar, lowes motor speedway, martinsville speedway, bristol motor speedway, virginia cabin, blue ridge parkway cabin rentals lodging, north carolina cabins, star gazing, anniversary, honeymoon, doe run, volunteer gap, lonesome pine, fancy gap, orchard gap, newlywed/romantic secluded weekend getaway.


