


 




















boutique & affordable hotel accommodation cairns






































 



 

 menu
 book now
sales & rentals





 

accommodation
promotions
what’s on
testimonials
contact

book now











  


learnmore






stay in the heart of the city
boutique apartment hotel cairns


il palazzo boutique hotel brings the warmth of tuscany to the tropical oasis of cairns.
taking design cues from florence, our boutique apartment cairns hotel is nestled just one block back from the foreshore, making our prime location ideal for both adventurers and business travellers seeking easy access to the best cairns has to offer.

perennially warm, both in climate and character, cairns and neighbouring port douglas are the gateway to an array of quintessential australian experiences, including scuba diving, reef fishing, adrenalin sports and pristine tropical beaches. spot a whale from the shoreline, discover underwater secrets as you snorkel, dip in crisp, emerald mountain waters or take one of australia’s finest coastal drives … it’s all on your doorstep at il palazzo.
back at your accommodation, you will be welcomed by our team of experts, who take pride in offering quality, personalised service and an experience to be remembered.
at il palazzo, our commitment extends well beyond our facilities.

view more















accommodation
your gateway to cairns
at the heart of cairns’ vibrant entertainment precinct, you will discover a truly unique and unforgettable accommodation experience.
il palazzo boutique accommodation offers guests not only the comfort to relax, but to indulge.
book a suite
view sales & rentals












what's on
discover cairns
renowned as the gateway to both the great barrier reef marine park and the ancient rainforests of australia’s wet tropics, cairns is a popular destination for international and local tourists seeking to explore the wonder of australia.
find out more






reviews







 
wheelchairtraveltips
moved to this motel after two nights in a horrible wheelchair accessible room at another hotel in cairns, room was very clean and bright and inviting. plenty of room for my husband to wheel around in the living area of the room, bedroom area was a little cramped. staff where friendly and helpful. would stay here again.



 
phillip boon
we stayed for a month and found it to be the best value apartments in cairns. we have been coming here for 5 years and this is by far the best stay we have had. leanne and the team are very friendly, helpful and go over and above to make sure that we are comfortable. they even provided me with a place to secure my bike. the apartment was fantastic and had everything we needed. highly recommend.



 
vanessa
this wonderful boutique hotel was our sanctuary for 7 nights and i cannot recommend it highly enough. it is centrally located within the city of cairns and was within walking distance to everything we needed - shopping centres, restaurants, bus stations, rail station, lagoon, harbour and marina. the rooms were very clean and comfortable with balconies looking over the street or the pool. the hotel has a lovely relaxing indoor outdoor feel to it and the pool was heated and never overcrowded. the staff were very obliging and friendly and any requests were handled diligently. make sure that you don’t miss the rooftop area which has amazing views over the harbour, city and mountains.



 
paul farnham
excellent hotel, clean , tidy rooms with a balcony. pool area is nice and relaxing. in the heart of cairns, walking distance to marina , shops, restaurants. staff are very helpful and friendly. we had 3 rooms booked and arrived early and they done there best to have the rooms ready. i would recommend this hotel.



 
savs1963
rooms very comfortable with every little detail taken into consideration, although all the switches were a little overwhelming at times! lounge really comfortable. kitchen has everything you need, except a tea strainer. light in the wardrobe to see into your suitcase was perfect. found the bed a little too soft. very good set up with laundry in the bathroom but laundry detergent not provided. rainforest shower with light was stunning. electric toilet was fun to use. balcony was a shared area and not undercover. loved the location as you could wander down to the night markets and many resturants close by. undercover parking provided at no cost. will definitely return.









promotions
















why book with us?
rooms from only $165 / night

best rates guaranteed
prime city location
free parking
free wifi
heated pool in the winter
rooftop sundeck

book now













stayconnected



always be the first to know
have access to the latest specials, upcoming events and best rates



subscribe
 i agree to the privacy policy of il palazzo 










contact us

email: bookme@ilpalazzo.com.au
phone: +61 7 4041 2155
toll free (aus): 1800 813 222
location: 62 abbott st, cairns city qld 4870 




make a reservation


find us














© copyright 2025 il palazzo
home
contact
privacy

hotel website design by © pebble design









