homepage | air wick® usskip to main contentproductsfragrancesmissionideas & tipsabout ushelp & supportnewslettersearch!alertreckitt issues voluntary product recall of single lot of select cans of aerosol air freshener.more infointroducing vibrant from air wick® 
introducing vibrant scented oils – an incredible fragrance experience by air wick®. infused with 2x more essential oils* vibrant is our most luxurious fragrance experience.
 * fragrance infused with 2 times more natural essential oils vs regular air wick® scented oils.
 learn more
fresh to air wick®?reconnect to your natural surroundings in a small yet powerful way.  our essential oils which are natural are sourced from nature’s most fragrant offerings and designed to transform your living spaces and manage those less-than-refreshing indoor odors we can all live without.
learn more →sign up & savesign upour productsplug-in scented oillearn moreessential mist® diffuserlearn moreautomatic sprayslearn morev.i.p pre-poop sprayslearn moreunplug your senses with plug-in scented oils
transform your home into a sensory experience with a steady, fragrant infusion of our plug-in scented oils.learn more →
explore all devicesautomatically uplifting
automatic sprays help neutralize odors and bring freshness to any room. and with an automatic timer, you can set it to your liking.
learn more →
explore all devices
citrus is always in season
a twist of grapefruit, a whiff of sweet orange, and a touch of green mandarin creates a bright and invigorating fragrance, leaving a room citrusy-fresh. 
learn more →
explore all fragrances
let in the lavender
deeply therapeutic and relaxing, a little lavender goes a long way. we’ve curated a selection of fragrances that include notes of chamomile, almonds and more.
learn more →explore all fragrances
our best-sellersair wick plug in, scented oils, lavender & chamomilelearn moreair wick essential mist, lavender & almond blossomlearn moreair wick® freshmatic® fresh linenlearn moreair wick v.i.p. pre-poop toilet spray, lemon idollearn moreideas & tipsjanuary 2025how to use fragrances infused with essential oils2025-01-06essential oils occur naturally in plants, leaves, herbs and flowers. these pure essences have pleasant aromatic scents, making them perfect for use throughout the home. they have been used throughout ancient history, as well as in modern medicine today, for their many therapeutic benefits. here’s everything you need to know about essential oils.read morejanuary 2025creating the perfect ambience for any occasion2025-01-06no matter your style or preference, fragrance gives distinct identity to homes of all shapes and sizes. infuse your home with a bit of nature with our fragrances that are infused with essential oils that are 100% natural.read moremore ideas & tipswhy air wick®?
we follow our natural instincts 
fragrance can have powerful effects on our mind and mood. that’s why we bring the refreshing, invigorating, soothing, scents of nature into your home. our products are designed to deliver odor neutralization while creating an environment that’s uplifting and welcoming.
we believe mother nature does it best
we start from the source, using the best ingredients nature has to offer to make essential oils that are 100% natural for our products.
we design devices that deliver
we are a leader in air-care technology.  we thoughtfully design our devices with hopes of constantly improving the fragrance experience.
learn more →sign up for savings* required fieldswipprivacy rightsprivacy choicesconsumer health data privacy policydo not sell or share my personal information / opt-out of targeted advertisingnotice at collectionmodern slavery act statementterms of usehelp & supportfcc infositemapproducts ingredients and msds informationsatisfaction guarantee

