



alokli west african dance-drumming club





















welcome 
  to alokli
we are alokli west african dance, a community dance-drumming club based 
  in philadelphia, pa. we teach and perform anlo-ewe 
  and other west african music & dance styles from ghana, togo, benin, and 
  nigeria. recently we've become a publisher as well, with a new african 
  songbook w/ cd available and more goodies on the way. 
you'll find a lot of articles, photos, audio and video material here -all related 
  to west african music, dance, and song. so take a look around - and if you're 
  in the area, we invite you to visit us and join our growing community of eclectic 
  artisans. enjoy your stay!
where to start
find out more about us 
  and check out our african 
  dance & drum classes in the philadelphia area. read about 
  the african music 
  and dances we do or learn more about west 
  african people & culture. you'll find lots of pictures in our photo 
  gallery, including some recent images from ghana. got lots of bandwidth 
  or plenty of time? savor our audio 
  recordings and video 
  clips. when you've had enough of us, we've collected some hard-to-find links 
  to related african music and dance sites. 
songs of west africa by dan gorlin
 our  african songbook w/cd 
        has been available in hardcopy since 2001, but i've now taken it out of print and posted both the book text & cd audio online. learn to sing over 80 
        traditional african songs from ghana, togo, benin & nigeria in 6 languages, 
        with in-depth translations and performance notes. please feel free to use, copy & distribute this free resource for any non-commercial purpose. you can view sample songs and hear audio clips right here. 



site news
dec 17, 2015: our west african songbook w/cd is now a free online resource. enjoy!
jan 1, 2015: danny moved to la! alokli no longer teaches or performs in philadelphia, but shall again someday arise like the phoenix to embrace the people with it's warm, feathery purple wings with just a touch of orange highlight to appear more youthful and "with it".
may 16, 2011: drumming & singing classes will resume at temple u on thursday, may 19. see the classes page for more info! 
sept 8, 2010: movies & pics of our philadelphia adventures are now available in the photos & videos sections.
august 10, 2010: we've finally got a youtube channel! take a stroll over to see more performance and class videos. 
july 16, 2008 : alokli west african dance has moved to philadelphia, pa. much of this website is about the group as it existed in san francisco but we're slowly adding material from shows here in philly. there's lots of information here about the people, culture, and music of west africa so do poke around  for awhile.
 








now online!






home | about | classes | people | dances | articles | store | photos | audio | video | links | contact




  


 * * *
all material © 2001 by alokli west african dance.
    reproduction in any form is prohibited except by written approval.
    please send comments or suggestions to your humble webmaster, 
    danny@alokli.com.






