











intellygence | tomorrow's trends today

























 
 






















what we do
our expertise
how we do it
our ethos
who are we
get in touch
 


select page


  
 



 



 










 

what we do
intellygence is one of the world’s leading international television consultancies. we work individually (and on a very bespoke level) with some of the world’s top content executives.
we provide exclusive consultancy on the latest programming trends and hot shows but most importantly we give our analysis on content.
intellygence organises bespoke format pitches for a major broadcasting group, runs seminars for networks across the world, tracks industry strategy and attends all the key content markets. 





















 
 
 
 





 

our expertise
not only specialists in content, trends and ratings, we also have a background in production. this shared experience and proven ability to pick out winning shows (always putting our necks on the line) is what makes us unique…in fact, it’s what our client’s value above all else.

















 
 
 
 





 

how we do it 
by separating real trends from the hype, we provide insights into the future of content.
our clients find our portfolio of briefing notes and curated reports invaluable reading on a daily and weekly basis. 
we regularly produce bespoke research projects for all our clients. these range from in-depth ratings and trend analysis to specific case studies on topics from ad-funded programming to youtube. 



















 
 
 
 





 

our ethos
ultimately, we pride ourselves on working tirelessly to make sure our clients know about the hot shows and latest trends before their competitors… we always go the extra mile for our clients… in fact, we’ve been in the business for over 30 years and never lost a client – see what some of them have said below…  







 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
who are we?
 






 
 
 
 





 



geraldine easter

overstatement is not our style. so when we say that geraldine is one of the top international content experts in television today, we mean it. she cut her teeth running distribution, programming and production companies and has been working with leading broadcasters for over 25 years.
geraldine@intellygence.co.uk




 
 
 




 



james white 

james has an extensive and unparalleled knowledge of programmes, acquisition rights and international tv trends having worked in the field for over 20 years. he’s consulted by the world’s top tv executives on everything from content, trends and branding through to the latest digital strategies.
james@intellygence.co.uk





 
 
 




 










hayley roberts

with close to a decade’s experience hayley keeps us all on our toes and makes sure none of our clients miss a show. she’s a specialist in millennials, online viewing trends and social media. 
hayley@intellygence.co.uk






 
 
 




 







alex wilson

alex heads our reports and research desk. he’s an expert on ratings and keeps his eye on new shows from every corner of the globe.
alex@intellygence.co.uk






 
 
 
 



what our clients say




 


as we head off on our summer break we just wanted to say thank you for another year of amazing support. we read absolutely everything (despite sometimes being very poor to reply) and your advice has shaped many of our commissioning decisions



director of content at major broadcaster

 
 
 


just wanted to send a short thank you for all these years! it’s been such a treat and pleasure reading your wonderful reports and brilliant comments on tv.  not sure how to cope without your updates really, will miss it so very much for sure  and i really hope to see you in the future,



former client, now md of major production company

 
 
 




i know it’s not possible but i will miss those daily global insights. i can’t imagine not waking up every day to the daily and us reports – it’s the very first thing i look at





former head of content at major broadcaster

 
 
 


huge thanks to all of you for being such great partners to us and for providing such a unique and invaluable service. we appreciate it highly as i keep repeating to you



director of acquisitions and formats at major european broadcaster

 
 
 


as of this week we are now the #1 network 25-54! a huge accomplishment, and one we couldn’t have done without your help.



former director of content

 
 
 


i’m sure you’ve seen the emmys triumph. obviously you were a huge part of that story in championing it in the first place, and so wanted to say a huge thanks and congrats to you all !
 





svp at major network

 
 
 
 
 
 





 

 
 
get in touch
if you want to know more, we’d love to hear from you. 
equally we’re always interested in hearing from talented people.
 
intellygence consultancy ltd
6 amor road
hammersmith
london w6 oan 
info@intellygence.co.uk
 
 
 
 
 
 



intellygence consultancy in partnership with filmworks consultancy ltd – filmworks has been providing broadcasters with a bespoke consultancy service since 1997.
copyright 2016 intellygence consultancy   – website illustrations by trisha krauss
 
www.trishakrauss.com

 
 
 
 
 
 



 
    
 


 

 
 
 











