



the european library - connecting knowledge




























home
















the european library
the european library is designed to meet the needs of the research community worldwide, our online portal offers quick and easy access to the collections of the 48 national libraries of europe and leading european research libraries.
users can cross-search and reuse over 26,394,274 digital items and 168,238,832 bibliographic records. the objects come from institutions located in countries which are members of the council of europe and range from catalogue records to full-text books, magazines, journals and audio recordings.  thirty five different languages are represented among the searchable objects.













featured collections
discover by discipline
















reading europe (1099)
european culture through the book offers a rare opportunity to view some of the hidden literary gems from the national libraries of europe









humanities (10,612,363)
the academic disciplines that study the human condition using methods that are primarily analytical, critical, or speculative.









social sciences (6,131,871)
the study of society and social behavior.









biomedical sciences (1,120,719)
the study of activities and applications of the principles of natural science, especially biology and physiology, to clinical medicine.









technological sciences (1,579,862)
sciences which have human-made rather than natural objects as objects of study, and define their objects of study in functional terms.









manuscripts and princes (34)
these were the books that once belonged exclusively to emperors and kings.









natural sciences and mathematics (1,225,614)
the study of the rules that govern the natural world.









exhibition foyer
the european library exhibitions













history and concept
the european library of today has evolved from a number of earlier projects. its starting point was in 1997 when the gabriel (gateway and bridge to europe's national libraries) project set out to establish a joint web portal of european national libraries. at a basic level, the portal provided information about each library's collections and access to their online public access catalogues (opacs).
gabriel was followed by the tel (the european library) project, which ran from 2001–2004 and created a framework for access to key national and deposit collections within europe. the project was part-funded under the fifth framework programme of the european commission. the national libraries involved in the tel project were those of finland, germany, italy (florence), italy (rome), netherlands, portugal, slovenia, switzerland and united kingdom. this led to the launch of theeuropeanlibrary.org portal on 17 march 2005.








project sponsors



libdexindex of library catalogues
ibaninternational bank account number
sslssl certificate checker














the vatican librarybiblioteca apostolica vaticana 
national library of spainbiblioteca nacional de españa  
national library of portugalbiblioteca nacional de portugal 
national library of the republic of moldovabiblioteca nationala a republicii moldova 
national library of romaniabiblioteca naţională a româniei 
the central national library of florencebiblioteca nazionale centrale di firenze 
the central national library of romebiblioteca nazionale centrale di roma  
national library of albaniabiblioteka kombetare 
national library of polandbiblioteka narodowa 
national library of francebibliothèque nationale de france 
national library of luxembourgbibliothèque nationale du luxembourg  
the national library of maltabibljoteka nazzjonali ta’ malta 
british library
national library of denmarkdet kongelige bibliotek 
german national librarydeutsche nationalbibliothek 
national library of estoniaeesti rahvusraamatukogu 
the national library of finlandkansalliskirjasto 
royal library of the netherlandskoninklijke bibliotheek 
royal library of belgiumkoninklijke bibliotheek van belgië 
national library of swedenkungliga biblioteket 
national university library of icelandlandsbókasafn íslands – háskólabókasafn  
national library of latvialatvijas nacionālā bibliotēka 
national library of irelandleabharlann náisiúnta na héireann 
national library of liechtensteinliechtensteinische landesbibliothek  
martynas mazvydas national library of lithuanialietuvos nacionalinė martyno mažvydo biblioteka 
national library of azerbaijanm.f. axundov adina azerbaycan milli kitabxana 
national library of turkeymillî kütüphane 
national library of montenegronaciocalna biblioteka crne gore “djurdje crnojevic” – cetinje’ 
national and university library in zagrebnacionalna i sveučilišna knjižnica u zagrebu 
national and university library of bosnia and herzegovinanacionalna i univerzitetska biblioteka 
national and university library st. kliment ohridskinacionalna i univerzitetska biblioteka sv. kliment ohridski 
national and university library of slovenianarodna in univerzitetna knjižnica, nuk 
national library of the czech republicnárodní knihovna ceské republiky 
national library of norwaynasjonalbiblioteket 
national library of hungaryországos széchényi könyvtár (oszk) 
national library of austriaösterreichische nationalbibliothek 
swiss national libraryschweizerische nationalbibliothek 
slovak national libraryslovenská národná knižnica 
national library of greeceεθνική βιβλιοθήκη της ελλάδος 
cyprus libraryκυπριακή βιβλιοθήκη 
national library of serbiaнародна библиотека србије 
st.st. cyril and methodius national libraryнационална библиотека „свети свети кирил и методий 
v. vernadsky national library of ukraineнаціональна бібліотека україни імені в. і. вернадського 
boris yeltsin presidential libraryпрезидентская библиотека имени б. н. ельцина 
russian state libraryроссийская государственная библиотека 
national library of russiaроссийская национальная библиотека 
national library of armeniaհայաստանի ազգային գրադարան 
national parliamentary library of georgiaსაქართველოს პარლამენტის ეროვნული ბიბლიოთეკა 
















© 2020 tel. the european library all rights reserved
























