































endura door components | exterior door component manufacturer




























































































 




















 
 









search for:

























home
about 

endura products
contact customer service


products 

products more


resources 

resources
literature and e-books


careers
get endura now 

image
shop replacement parts
shop door components
find a dealer


 








 







 



doors with endura components
install faster and better –
with long-lasting performance –
putting an end to costly callbacks. 





we don't make doors. we innovate and make door components that power the performance of your door systems.







smarter protection. no maintenance.
patented sealing systems automatically adjust to meet each entryway’s needs, even if install isn’t perfect and as conditions change over time.







smarter sealing. better efficiency.
constant sealing and automatic protection keeps the outdoors outside, while sealing in comfort to cut energy costs year round.







smarter components. faster installation.
save time and sanity with easier, faster installation that works with limited labor resources without compromising quality.







smarter doortm. unmatched value.
automatic performance and lasting sealing power save time, and prevent timely maintenance and costly service calls for unmatched value.


featured productsthe first and only
truly maintenance-free door frame.







fusionframe delivers the maintenance-free performance and prefinished convenience you need, the structural improvements you want, and installation benefits you never thought possible.


learn moremulti-point lock performance
works with many off-the-shelf trim-sets







panolock+ is a one of a kind multipoint lock that works with off-the-shelf hardware, supports a forgiving installation, and offers lasting performance, all at an affordable price point.


learn moreit's time to expect more from an ada door sill...
and actually get it.







meet the adaptive sill system: the first water-rated ada-compliant door sill that puts an end to leaks and service calls, delivers a simpler assembly with fewer skus, and much more.


learn moreour door component solutionsdoor sills & thresholdslights off? check. door locked? check. door sealed? check. with powered by endura sills and sealing systems, you can rest assured that your door is locked and sealed tight.read morefrench door astragalspowered by endura astragal solutions are easy to use and never stop working for you – automatically sealing out air, water and insects, and providing secure protection for your home.read moredoor frame systemsrot-proofing your door has never been easier. whether you have a single door, french door or even sidelights, we have the high-performance frame products you need for a strong, protected entryway.read moreweathersealingweathersealing and installation accessories from endura work behind the scenes to ensure easier installation and lasting protection against air and water.read moremulti-point locksprotect your home and preserve your style with the industry’s strongest multi-point locking system. trilennium delivers the protection of three full deadbolts.read moreinstallation accessoriesinstallation accessories and weathersealing from endura work behind the scenes to ensure easier installation and lasting protection against air and water.read more





door component replacement parts


need extra materials in a pinch? we’ve got you covered. order through our online retail partner, betterdoor, and get the products you need, fast.


betterdoor.com



 







about endura endura is built on innovation and a commitment to delivering high performance. our products are problem solvers, born directly from insight we’ve learned from our customers about real-world challenges that you face every day. we’re always pushing ourselves to face the ever-present challenge: how can we make your door system work better?

 

productsfrench door solutions
frames & mulls
sills & sill systems
multi-point locks
weathersealing
all products
 

quick linkshome
blog
newsletter sign-up
warranties
resource glossary
patents
customer service
careers
homeowner support
website privacy policy
 

contact information
phone: 1-800-334-2006
email: producthelp@enduraproducts.com
address: 8817 w. market st. colfax, nc 27235
      










also of interestfrench door problemsmulti-point door hardwareexterior door frame replacement 







online retail partner, betterdoor.com
 








 





 








homeabout

certified powered by endura programcontact customer servicewhere to buyexterior door componentscontact an endura representativenews & announcementsnewsletter sign-uppatentswarrantieswarranty claims back
products

product spotlightsills & sill systems

replaceable deck sill™ada sill solutionsz-articulating cap sillz-series adjustable inswing sillz-series bumper outswing sills back 
french door solutions

ultimate trilennium astragalultimate slide bolt astragalultimate push button astragalultimate multi-point astragalultimate lite astragalultimate hurricane astragalultimate flip lever astragal back 
exterior door frame solutions

framesaver rot-proof door framesstandard wood door frames back 
weathersealing & installation

sealing padssloped sill pansendura door bottomsweatherstrip back 
multi-point locking systems

panolock plustrilennium back 
 back
resources

certified powered by enduraabout certified powered by enduratechnical resourcesbrochurespatentsreplacement partsvideoszac web appglossarywarrantieswarranty claims back
careersget endura now

shop replacement partsshop door componentsfind a dealer back








× close panel		



































 






























