




home | seneca chiro



























































											menu
										



home
about us
services

chiropractic care
nutritional counseling
healthy lifestyle educational program
acupuncture
detoxification
massage therapy


faqs
new patients
blog
contact
make an appointment















wellness awaits you
your journey to wellness begins here. increase your energy, improve physical performance, reduce stress & enhance your life.

schedule an appointment
our services









a unique approach to health



welcome to seneca chiropractic & family wellness and introducing yourself to a unique approach to achieving a healthy lifestyle.
with a passion for improving health and achieving a state of wellness, our team of health care specialists work to provide you with an environment that helps to balance your life, leading to a sense of health and well being. seneca chiropractic & family wellness is a place where you can experience a unique combination of proven methods to help improve your quality of life and achieve optimal wellness.

learn more about us »











seneca chiropractic & family wellness is a place where you can experience a unique combination of proven methods to help improve your quality of life and achieve optimal wellness. we focus on the need to create balance by using a wide range of complementary therapies that are proven effective at restoring your body to a natural state of health and well being.











why a holistic approach?



we believe in a holistic approach to healthcare, which means that we consider every aspect of a person’s life – not just the one symptom that happens to be causing problems at the moment. of course physical symptoms are important, however we don’t just want to treat the symptom, we want to treat the root cause.

common conditions we treat include but are not limited to:



 low back pain / sciatica
 disc herniations
 neck pain / whiplash
 sugar imbalances
 headaches / migraines
 muscle spasm / tension
 shoulder / elbow / wrist pain
 shin splints & plantar fascitis
 hip / knee / ankle pain
 fatigue / insomnia
 digestive problems











recent blog posts







antioxidants: help or hype
in researching this post the information is somewhat controversial.  but i already knew this from previous research i have done on antioxidants for general health and wellness.  the whole idea of antioxidants totally makes sense to me and i am a proponent of using them for general health and more so with exercise, especially those […]

read more »


what are knots?
we all have them. knots. but what are they?   knots are the result of muscle fibers sticking together. our bodies are meant to move, stretch and work. when we are stationary for long periods of time, working at a desk for 8 hours a day for example, when we are chronically dehydrated or malnourished […]

read more »


can flat feet predispose you to back pain?
having flat feet is a condition that you may have been born with or have acquired over time.  you may not even notice that you have flat feet unless someone points it out to you or you start to develop aches and pains. when we are younger are bodies are able to adapt to mechanical […]

read more »








health and wellness incentives 












massage packages & supplement discounts
our massage packages and supplements provide the body with the necessary tools to stay healthy and happy. contact us today to learn more.
contact us to claim this offer












wellness rewards
being a patient at seneca chiropractic & family wellness can be a life changing event by creating a wellness lifestyle and experiencing all of the benefits that go along with a healthier you. we have a program to offer you incentives for living a healthy lifestyle and letting your friends and family know about your life changing experience at seneca chiropractic & family wellness.
contact us to claim this offer













get your life back
contact us to learn more about how we help the body naturally heal so you can get back to doing what you love.







call us
315-622-7060







schedule online
make an appointment





 









contact



										315-622-7060									







										contact us
									




about us



										about us
									



										services
									




learn more



										faqs
									



										blog
									











patient portal »







© copyright 2025. website by galaxy communications & buckle up studios.




























