







jimcavalier.com | a semi-clean rest stop on the information superhighway












































jimcavalier.com
a semi-clean rest stop on the information superhighway


home
jim’s recipes
jim’s photography
a.s.s.h.a.t.
f.a.q.
contact jim





snhu virtual commencement today 
posted by jim on december 14, 2024


						posted in: personal.			
						tagged: school, snhu, snhucelebrate.			
					


 after 3 1/2 years of hard work, i’ll be starting 2025 as a college graduate with a bs in data analytics. my official conferral date is january 1. 
today was our virtual commencement ceremony. congrats to my fellow snhu grads!
 


soon, i’ll have the time to return to the regular updates and marginal humor we’ve all come to expect from this site. rignt now, i’m going to have a celebratory beer.
jim says: “i’m officially one degree hotter.”($38k in student loads for that joke)
#snhucelebrate




i cannot tell a lie. i put that envelope under that garbage. 
posted by jim on november 28, 2024


						posted in: holiday, humor, music.			
						tagged: holiday, music, thanksgiving.			
					


“so we took the half a ton of garbage, put it in the back of a red vw microbus, took shovels and rakes and implements of destruction and headed on toward the city dump.”

jim says: “it was about 4 or 5 hours later that alice, remember alice? song about alice”




happy surprise drug test day!! 
posted by jim on april 20, 2024


						posted in: holiday, humor.			
						tagged: holiday, humor.			
					



jim says: “the smoker you drink, the player you get.”




happy march 4th! 
posted by jim on march 4, 2024


						posted in: holiday, humor.			
						tagged: holiday, humor, king clyde glunk, march 4th, sunderman.			
					


many years ago, king clyde glunk faced a dilemma. his kingdom was about to come under siege by the romans as they advanced through europe. the king stepped onto his balcony and addressed his people..
“my citizens, we have a grave decision to make. the roman army is approaching and we are badly outnumbered with no chance of victory. if we fight, we will most likely be overrun with very few survivors left to tell our tale. however, if we abandon our small kingdom to flee and hide throughout europe, our culture will be lost and forgotten in the sands of time. i will not order you to fight. instead, i leave the decision to you, good people. shall we face the oncoming onslaught and fight to defend our way of life, or shall we run? i shall return in the morning for your answer.”
the next day, king clyde glunk, weary from a sleepless night, made his way to the balcony to once again address his people.
“good people, i ask you. do we run and hide? or do we head onward into battle?”
there was silence as a lone representative from the crowd made his way to the front. he stopped, and looked up at his king. he removed his hat and began to speak…
“your majesty,” he said, “as your loyal subjects, we have discussed this long into the night. we have weighed every option, and have come to a solid conclusion.”
“what say you?” asked the king.
“we shall not run and hide. we shall… march forth!”
and that’s how we came to celebrate this holiday. may you and yours have a glorius march 4th.
jim says:”in honor of sam.”




punching up shakespeare, pt. ii 
posted by jim on february 13, 2024


						posted in: entertainment, humor.			
						tagged: hamlet, shakespeare.			
					


hamletto sleep, perchance to dream – ay, there may be the rub, for in this sleep…
20%?!? i just had this plugged in! where’s that damn cable. 
(calls to someone offstage)
hon.. 
gertrude!!
gert!!
gertrudewhat?
hamlet
keep the goddam phone plugged in when you’re watching youtube.. please!!
jim says: ” the web of our life is of a mingled yarn, stop forwarding it to me!”



posts navigation
← older entries




          open 24 hours 
jim stufff.a.q.
my prom date story
serial killer
how to fall out of a plane
jim’s nude self portraits
quotes
jim’s scribblingsstorming the bridge at masontown
the jeep that saved christmas
how i became the black ace
left flipper of god
jim’s videosdrone videos
jim on stage (1994-ish)
shooting with dad
arkansas storms
las vegas to kansas (time lapse)
jackass on a mechanical bull
jim’s 360 videoa
photo stuffgalleries homepage
aerial photography
motorcycle photos
pittsburgh
las vegas
valley of fire
red rock canyon
wildlife
my wall o’ fame
jim on..youtube
goodreads
instagram


search for:



friends of carlottadale’s wheels through time
indian motorcycle forums
fortnine channel
v4 musclebike
griot’s garage
autoality
detailers domain





proudly powered by wordpress
		theme: parament by automattic.	










