






priority medical - the sound choice



































shop
parts
services
faqs
contact us
about
 





select page


  
 



 



 














welcome to priority medical, the “sound choice” for diagnostic ultrasound and imaging equipment.  our company has been in business for over 30 years, specializing in diagnostic ultrasound equipment sales and service.  we sell worldwide to a wide range of clinics, hospitals and distributors with an emphasis on customer service. 
 





shop now



contact us













“matching your needs with the right solution…  that is our mission every day.”






view used equipment








transducers and probes








browse by manufacturer














why choose us?we offer highly personalized service, you will always speak with an owner.








why choose us?family owned and operated, you will always deal with an owner.please, give us the opportunity to earn your business.








absolutely no commissioned sales peopleyou’ll deal directly with the owner.experienced, courteous, and highly cost effective.
we believe you deserve more. contact us today!
















shop ultrasound machines and equipment
 

priority medical carries a full array of ultrasound equipment, from older models and parts to the latest in cutting-edge technology.  as an authorized dealer for new sonoscape ultrasound machines, we offer machines on the forefront of ai technology.  we also carry a wide variety of new, used and refurbished ultrasound equipment from all major manufacturers including ge, philips, samsung, siemens, sonoscape, sonosite-fuji, toshiba / canon and more.  whether you are looking for a full console style or portable ultrasound machine, our team of experts can guide in your decision for the optimal piece of equipment that best suits your individual or practice’s needs.  we offer equipment for all applications, including cardiovascular, breast, pocus, ob/gyn, musculoskeletal, abdominal, general, 3d/4d and more.







ultrasound machines

browse our wide range of ultrasound machines.

view machines



transducers / probes

browse our wide range of ultrasound probes and transducers from all manufacturers.

view transducers and probes



parts and service

contact us for service or repair of your ultrasound (xray, etc) machines.  we also offer ultrasound applications training and technical support both on-site and virtually.  (network/pacs and dicom support too).  

view parts & service










view services





top quality equipment

priority medical is your comprehensive solution for all things ultrasound.  we provide pre and post-sale service, integrate equipment into pacs and provide applications training for sonographers.  all of our products are fully tested by our expert technicians and are guaranteed to perform to manufacturer specifications or better so you can provide the the best possible diagnostic accuracy and patient care.  our intensive quality control procedures ensure both performance and customer satisfaction.


r

refurbished quality used equipment




r

factory direct pricing




r

fast delivery




r

great warranty











payments we accept*



















you will always speak with an owner,  not a commissioned sales person.



ask for a quote today!









follow








email us
sales@prioritymedical.com






call us
(615) 826-0582 







office
1241 mud hollow road, hendersonville, tn 37075







 










facebook




x




instagram




rss


designed by @ dynamix ink 2023 




















