







adelante capital management | investment management firm









































































 

active managementdisciplined investment process- high conviction portfolioslearn more about what we do




 

expert teamreal estate securities specialistsmeet the adelante team




 

insightsassessment of global real estate market trendsvisit the blog







adelante capital management


menuhome
who we are

our team
company news
corporate philanthropy


what we do

institutional investors

domestic real estate securities strategy
global real estate securities strategy


financial professionals

about reits




insights

company news
friday market recaps
domestic & capital markets
global market reports


contact us


 










welcome to
adelante capital management
founded in 1995, adelante is a minority-owned investment management firm focused on publicly traded real estate securities, predominantly reits. we employ a disciplined investment process seeking high quality portfolios for our clients at attractive prices relative to direct real estate values or net asset value (“nav”). learn more about our firm






subscribe here to receive monthly insights and assessment of global real estate market trends.









institutional investors

adelante’s legacy as a premier real estate securities investment firm is a reflection of our long-term relationships with institutional investors and the financial investment consultants that serve and represent our clients, as well as companies in the commercial real estate investment community.

morefinancial professionals

the inclusion of real estate securities in an investment portfolio and access to quality real estate investment expertise is no longer the sole realm of the institutional investor. through their financial advisors, individual investors can access adelante’s deep investment knowledge and experience.

more







insights

learn from our library of articles showcasing our industry expertise

the road ahead for reits
as we await recounts in some of the close battle ground states and the inevitable lawsuits to follow (did anyone expect this annus horribilis to end differently?), we wanted to take a break from constantly refreshing websites for updated vote counts to offer quick thoughts on the election and its impact on reits for the months ahead. while the
i see reit passive ownership rising… is trouble on the way?
the efficient-market hypothesis (emh) is a long-debated economic theory first introduced in nascent terms in the early 1900s, and advanced starting in the 1950s, which essentially suggests “security prices fully reflect all available information.” although variations exist, the natural conclusion is that stock price movements are unpredictable; therefore “you cannot beat the market” and active portfolio management is a
and the winner is… amazon! & reits!
image used with permission of philadelphia inquirer copyright© 2018. all rights reserved. amazon, inc. sent hundreds of municipalities into frenzy in september 2017 when the e-commerce juggernaut announced plans to establish a second corporate headquarters in north america, uninspiringly dubbed hq2. nearly 250 cities responded to amazon’s request for proposal (rfp), with hopes of adding 50,000 full-time, highly-paid amazons
take out or fake out?  brookfield’s offer for ggp underwhelms, for a reason
after nearly five months of behind-the-scenes negotiations, regional mall reit ggp inc. (ggp, formerly known as general growth properties) recently agreed to be acquired by its largest shareholder (34% owner, originated from its role as plan sponsor and cornerstone investor during ggp’s bankruptcy reorganization and recapitalization in 2010, including the receipt of 57.5 million warrants with an exercise price

browse all insights







michael torreswe honor the privilege entrusted in us by each and every client.jeung hyunour size allows us to apply our nav metric in the most disciplined manner possible.









friday market recap
weekly assessment of global real estate trends

sl green realty
north america in the u.s.: coronavirus trends continued to strengthen this week with us cases down nearly 80% over the last six weeks. bloomberg noted that the number of vaccine doses delivered in the us should rise from the current pace of 10-15m a week to nearly 20m a week in march, more than 25m a week in april
rexford industrial realty, inc. (rexr)
asia in china: most major product groups grew, except for mobile handsets and textiles, further solidifying china’s robust recovery from covid. in japan: the government raised its alert for the strain on the medical system to the highest of four levels and experts warned of serious consequences if the current trends did not reverse course soon. reit focus: keppel
apartment investment and management company (aiv)
asia in china: the move further strains the economic relationship between both countries. in addition, the outlook of the biden administration quickly reestablishing the status quo before the trump administration took over, was dealt a blow this week when the new york times reported that biden would not remove the 25% tariffs on goods immediately. us president elect biden

read more








domestic real estate securities strategy
adelante capital management’s domestic real estate securities strategy is designed for those investors who recognize the diversification benefits of real
more
global real estate securities strategy
adelante’s global real estate investment strategy is designed for those private and institutional and individual investors who both recognize the diversification benefits of real estate in their overall investment portfolios and also desire exposure outside the u.s. commercial real estate market.

more






explorehome
who we are
what we do
insights
contact us
site metalegal notice
sitemap
privacy policy
form crs
subscribe 
subscribe here to receive monthly insights and assessment of global real estate market trends.



get in touch adelante capital management
1101 marina village parkway
suite 201, alameda
california 94501
tel: 510-986-2100
fax: 510-268-0663
contact us online

adelante © 2025 • privacy policyfacebooktwitterlinkedin




covid-19 update: keeping you informed























