


sushi now! rolling supplies and sushi rolling guide


























  
































































































 email us!  







































 learn to roll sushi
in the sushi guide!
buy sushi supplies online!
shipped to your door!
                          (inside usa)













 

sushi now! miso soups
(makes a great gift)

                            deluxe sushi kit
(sushi party in a box!)




sushinow.com specializes in teaching sushi rolling as well  as supplying the harder to find sushi bar ingredients. as well as finding great  dry goods for your sushi (rice, rolling mat, nori, etc.) you will find that the  website has a wealth of information regarding the history, presentation,  rolling and etiquette of sushi. learn to roll sushi that is restaurant quality  from home, and look around for great ingredients. you will find everything from  a sushi rice recipe to sushi vocabulary list. learn to make all the most  popular sushi rolls: the california roll, hawaiian roll, and all kinds of  vegetarian sushi rolls.
sushi has a long history, and has been evolving for nearly a  thousand years before becoming the delicate dish that is served throughout the  world today. read about the development of this wonderful dish from the first  cultivation of rice in southeast asia to  modern american-japanese cuisine on the sushi  history page.  
"like us" on facebook!






make sure to check out our facebook page for our latest special!
many great gifts for the holiday season!







what is sushi?
(types of sushi)

sushi rice
(the 
                          recipe) 

sushi etiquette
(what you never and must do) 



sushi supplies
(find sushi ingredients)

sushi rolling
(how to roll) 


presentation
(the art of sushi)




sushi encyclopedia
(vocabulary)

buying fresh fish
(is that sushi grade fish?)


sushi history
(& today)



if you are considering a full-fledged sushi-themed dinner  party, then you will appreciate the sushi  etiquette page.  these helpful hints  and suggestions for proper dining will bring elegance and style to your meal  that will perfectly accompany the beautiful sushi pieces and japanese dishes.  any would-be host or hostess is sure to impress with a solid knowledge of  japanese decorum.  







nori
(roasted seaweed sheets)
                                        perfect for rolling all kinds of sushi













wasabi
all natural (nothing artificial) 













miso soup 
(high quality instant miso soup)














sushi/sashimi knife 
perfect for any kitchen use!













sushi rice 
high quality 
                                        brown or white sushi rice











chopsticks 
 (the best disposable chopsticks!)









soy sauce packets
(200 individual packets)









sushi starter kit 
 (add style to your next sushi party)









botan rice candy
rice candy with rice paper
                                (edible inner wrapper)









more sushi supplies!
 (click here to go to our full page of sushi supplies) 





concerned about your health and the effect of the foods you  are consuming? most people are these days, and with good cause. we all want to  keep an eye on our weight and cholesterol, and sushi is no exception. the sushi rice page will take you through the  nutritious aspects of this sticky rice and let you in on some little known rice  facts.   know your sushi rice, and keep  fit and healthy!
the buying  fresh fish guide will take you  through some common misconceptions about fish, and let you in on the best way  to select fish for taste and different dishes. don’t be afraid to buy fish! it  shouldn’t smell bad in any case, and many people don’t realize this. be sure to  check in and learn all about one of the most popular ingredients throughout the  world!
are you confused about all the different sushi terms and  phrases?  most people find themselves  struggling to follow the sushi lingo, but this website offers you a  comprehensive guide to all those words you don’t understand. want to know the  difference between futomaki and sashimi? check out the sushi encyclopedia!
still asking yourself, what  is sushi? easily solved: just click and take a look at  the different types of sushi.  there are  several sorts of sushi, and it is a common problem to classify them all  correctly.  if you want to brush up on  your knowledge of sushi, be sure to look at the relevant page on this site.
finally, buy sushi rolling supplies online! everything from  sushi ingredients to sushi equipment is here and available for shipment to your  door. we have sushi supplies, sushi products and all the basic ingredients that  you will need to make your own sushi and impress dinner guests. buy a rolling  mat and high quality sushi rice, and find out how to choose the best fresh  ingredients and put them together for some very enjoyable sushi pieces. use  this site to learn all about sushi, see the best sushi rice recipe, and benefit  from tips on sushi rolling and much more!














learn and shop for sushi rolling supplies









 





 


  


