








taygeta














toggle navigation

taygeta




about


our clients


services


contact


embedded systems


resources


store


















system log management
						taygeta basic system log monitoring service subscriber can choose a variety of anomaly response options for each type of anomaly, these include: email, page or fax notification, or for high priority events a direct phone call.
					

network security
						taygeta network security services will work with your organization (large or small) to design and implement the right level of internet and information security for your needs and according to your level of acceptable risk and budget.
					

customized software solutions
						taygeta provides customized software development services.  designs software solutions using the programming language or languages that best fit the problem at hand.
					








about taygeta

							taygeta network security services is dedicated to protecting and monitoring your personal, business and corporate network infrastructure.
						


a little bit about what we do

									taygeta scientific incorporated has been in business since 1995 (founded by everett carter) providing clients with mathematical, statistical and scientific computational services.
									in addition taygeta provides customized software development services for its clients.  taygeta has been providing internet security services for corporate and government clients since 1996.
								


you tell us what you need, we'll deliver

									taygeta designs software solutions using the programming language or languages that best fit the problem at hand. the language we use is
									determined either by the project specification or by the client determination.
								


taygeta delivers expert knowledge

									taygeta teams have expert level understanding in the following operating systems: ios, windows, dos, palmos, unix: sysv, *bsd, linux, sco, hpux; and the following programming languages: ada, c, c++, c*, fortran, fortran 90, forth, perl, java, ruby, html, wml, xml, xslt, mathml, sql, bash, ksh and sh.
								


seaport enhanced or seaport-ethe purpose of seaport-e is to provide a means of issuing competitive solicitations to a select group of pre-qualified contractors. under this idiq, taygeta scientific can provide technical, programmatic and engineering support services to the us navy, us marine corps, and the joint and osd communities.










taygeta clients

							taygeta delivers a customized approach and process for each client.  we have clients all over the world, we deliver solutions anyplace, anytime. some of our previous projects incuded the following examples.
						


specialized security services


										real-time managing, monitoring and analyzing of firewalls and intrusion detection systems with trasys
									

										real-time managing, monitoring and analyzing system logs of critical servers and devices
									

										passive network traffic pattern analysis
									

										detecting and capturing internet intrusion events
									

										hardening of operating systems, firewalls, and intrusion detection systems
									

										hardening of databases for web services
									

										multi-vendor vpn installations
									

										writing standards compliant (hippa, cms, iso 17799) security and disaster recovery policies
									

										secure remote data backup
									

										assured data destruction
									

										media recovery and forensics
									

auxiliary design, development and implementation


										implementing tcp/ip for an internet access appliance and other systems software
									



performance security


										designing and implementing wml browser software for xml based web information
									

										designing and engineering proprietary software for business applications
									

										designing and developing of shipboard weather analysis system both parallel and distributed processing
									

										designing and implementing password-based security for web-based information access
									

										developing algorithms and designing secure access control systems
									

design & development


										designing and implementing wml browser software for xml based web information
									

										designing and engineering proprietary software for business applications
									

										designing and developing of shipboard weather analysis system both parallel and distributed processing
									

										designing and implementing password-based security for web-based information access
									

										developing algorithms and designing secure access control systems
									



our clients

									taygeta clients (which are kept confidential) are from the following fields:
								


										aerospace
									

										banking and financial services
									

										business (public & private sector)
									

										education
									

										engineering
									

										government
									

										internet service providers
									

										law enforcement
									

										legal
									

										manufacturing
									

										medical
									

										research and development
									

										research institutions
									












taygeta services

							taygeta network security services will work with your organization (large or small) to design and implement the right
							level of internet and information security for your needs and according to your level of acceptable risk and budget.
						

							there is no "one size fits all" security solution. security is a process and taygeta network security services can
							take you successfully start this process as well as help you maintain and keep your security level current against
							ever increasing threats against your network.
						


							our first concern is for you to understand how to retain control of your business information so that it is not
							stolen or compromised with a security breach.
						

							here are some of the internet and information security services taygeta offers its clients:
						







ipv6 planning and integration service

											future proof your enterpise before there are no ip addresses left.
										


secure remote backup service

											backup your vital data offsite for disaster recovery peace of mind.
										


snapshot network traffic analysis audits

											taygeta will temporarilty install its trasys™ device in order to passively determine traffic patterns (devices, protocols, ports, services, sources, destinations, etc.) in your network. this information is then analyzed in order to discover security weaknesses and nonconformance to local policies with recommendations for cleanup
										


network architecture security reviews

											most networks grow rapidly by necessity. security weaknesses can be discovered and addressed by an architectural review. taygeta can also implement (or assist with the implementation) of a new network design.
										


firewall and intrusion detection system (ids) management

											24x7 real-time monitoring and analysis with trasys™ (a taygeta developed software tool). taygeta provides managed security services. management includes: continuous real-time monitoring of activity, custom installation and configuration, system administration and maintenance and firewalls and idss. we are vendor neutral and work with many different firewalls (both open source and commercial).
										






customization and installation of intrusion detection systems (idss)

											taygeta will work with you to select the appropriate device for your organization.
										


virtual private networks (vpns) set-ups

											taygeta can set up vpns for multiple vendors and can interoperate between multiple vpn vendors.
										


private x509 certificate management service.

											the taygeta private x509 ca service can simplify these complications. taygeta will set up and run a private ca that is dedicated to just your business. according to policies that you choose, taygeta will handle the signing of certificates and the issuing of certificate revocation lists (crls).
										


assured data destruction.

											taygeta network security services can provide assured data destruction which will prevent any data being recovered from the disks. we will also provide hippa required documentation stating that this procedure has been carried out if it is needed.
										






system log monitoring.

											taygeta can provide continuous monitoring and analysis of the logs of critical servers and devices within your network.
										


network security education and training

											taygeta can provide on-site or in-house training for your staff members.  this can be awareness training for your entire staff or technical training for your it staff.
										


reviewing, defining and writing security and disaster recovery policies

											taygeta can review your existing security and disaster recovery policies and make suggestions to improve them or to update them so that they are standards (hippa, cms, iso 17799, etc.) compliant. taygeta can also assist in writing new security and disaster recovery policies for your organization and to make them standards compliant as well.
										


incident investigation, forensics and intruder tracking

											taygeta can find out how an intrusion occurred, take steps to prevent it from happening again, and if desired track the origin of the intruder.  we also provice system forensics and media recovery even for some types of hardware failures.
										












taygeta contact information

						we'd love to hear from you, please feel free to contact us via email or use the form below.
					




name





email





phone





fax





organization





location





comments on security needs/requirements:







									submit
								










					contact us to get the security infrastructure of your business under control!
					


taygeta network security services

								607 charles ave
								
								seaside, ca 93955
								




								voice: 831-641-0645
								
								fax: 831-641-0647
								
								email: office@taygeta.com












