




creative children's center – 2515 sw 185th ave. beaverton, or 97003 • (503) 591-0604















































skip to content








2515 sw 185th ave. beaverton, or 97003 • (503) 591-0604









homecovid-19about us

our school our approach educators and staff our community testimonials
programs

play pals (2 – 3 years) preschool (3 – 5 years) elementary (k – grade 3) creativity clubs (extended care) summer camps enrollment and tuition
news

calendar newsletters
blogcontact





menu
close
























home
covid-19
about us

our school
our approach
educators and staff
our community
testimonials


programs

play pals (2 – 3 years)
preschool (3 – 5 years)
elementary (k – grade 3)
creativity clubs (extended care)
summer camps
enrollment and tuition


news

calendar
newsletters


blog
contact












 






















 

 

 






at creative children’s center we see the unlimited potential of children as competent, inspired learners. as an exceptional cooperative school, we provide a rich educational environment, engaging curriculum, inspired teachers, and endless learning opportunities.  we welcome families from diverse backgrounds.  at ccc, we promote an inclusive community and incorporate the diversity of our families into our curriculum.  partnering with families, together we form a neighborhood where children and adults connect in joyful learning and exploration of life.founded in 1990, creative children’s center offers classes for children ages two through third grade with both half day and full day options. in the summer months our creativity summer school expands to grade six and welcomes alumni teen counselors.  our school is located on the border of two oregon communities, hillsboro and beaverton.we are a reggio inspired school with a constructivist philosophy.  we believe in multi-age education and register a balanced number of ages in each class.  this creates an environment where older students naturally take on leadership roles and develop mentoring and social skills.  younger students benefit from the natural security a mixed-age classroom provides, while experiencing the “big ideas” with their older peers.  the chidren are able to reach their highest potential based on their individual development and interests.we build a child’s self esteem on a foundation of acceptance, encouragement and respect. each student’s ideas are nurtured producing an environment conducive to developing independence, creativity, and confidence.  children are encouraged to solve problems while they explore and interact with ideas and the materials presented. education forms a partnership with the child’s own interests, creating a lifelong love to learn.read more about us…  

















home
contact



				copyright 2018 - creative children's center			






























