








	home page of raf lakenheath























skip to main content (press enter).



























u.s. air force logo























home


news


photos


videos




about us


biographies


fact sheets


units


history




liberty resources


quick links & useful contacts


newcomer info




base bulletin


schedule public affairs support


contact us


freedom of information




sexual misconduct disciplinary actions












royal air force lakenheath




newsbulletinschedule a studio photoabout usunitscontact us




















home of the liberty wing















keeping the mission moving: 48th vehicle maintenance
the success of any mission relies on more than just pilots and aircraft - it depends on the hard work of the airmen ensuring ground operations run smoothly. at raf lakenheath, vehicle maintainers play a crucial role in keeping the fleet operational, with bobtails being one of the most



read more
        










48th cms hosts spouse integration day
the 48th component maintenance squadron (cms) at raf lakenheath, england welcomed spouses for an inside look at the mission essential behind-the-scenes work during its spouse integration day.



read more
        










f-35 crew chiefs complete their first f-15e hot pit refuel
the 48th fighter wing strengthened its mission-ready force by certifying f-35a lightning ii crew chiefs to conduct hot pit refueling for their first time on f-15e strike eagles during exercise point blank 25-1, jan. 27-28, at raf marham.



read more
        










us, raf partners host point blank 25-1
the 48th fighter wing and royal air force co-hosted the exercise point blank 25-1 across multiple installations within the united kingdom jan. 21-31. the historic agile combat employment (ace) exercise, originating from the wwii allied bomber offensive pointblank, now conducted regularly at raf



read more
        










usafe-afafrica hosts mission support group, maintenance group strategy conference for command leadership 
mission support group and maintenance group command teams from across the u.s. air forces in europe - air forces africa area of responsibility gathered at ramstein air base, germany, for a strategy conference jan 22-23, 2025.  this annual event brought together msg and mxg commanders and senior



read more
        










first f-15e strike eagles equipped with advanced epawss system arrive at the liberty wing
two f-15e strike eagle aircraft equipped with the eagle passive/active warning and survivability system (epawss) arrived at raf lakenheath, england, jan. 16, 2025, marking the delivery of the first f-15e strike eagles integrated with one of the world’s most advanced electronic warfare suites.



read more
        























































































































































































quick links
contact usequal opportunityfoia | privacy | section 508information qualityinspector generaljag court-martial docketlink disclaimerno fear actopen governmentosi tip lineplain languageresiliencesite mapveterans crisis line



careers
join the air forceair force benefitsair force careersair force reserveair national guardcivilian service


connect

                get social with us         
            






u.s. air force logo














official united states air force website




hosted by defense media activity - web.mil










