









chrome digital


































skip to content




















home
prices
about
contact
upload




  


home
prices
about
contact
upload















home 




change the special notice text below as necessary – remove the d-none class from the block you want to display. replace the “d-none” in the p class block near the beginning of the text block. add or remove d-none on the grandparent element column ‘specialnotice’ – select it by looking in list view (icon above) – then use right column block “advanced / additional css class” field. (this instruction is hidden).
chrome digital will be closed tuesday july 4th    for independence day day
chrome digital will be closed monday september 2nd    for labor day
chrome digital will be closed monday may 27th    for memorial day
chrome digital will be closed november 28th through december 1st    for thanksgiving
chrome digital holiday schedule
christmas eve  tues dec 24th 9am-3pm
christmas day  wed dec 25th closed

new year's eve  tues dec 31st closed
new year's day  wed jan 1st closed

merry christmas & 
happy new year!



welcome to chrome digital
photo and fine art printing


2345 kettner blvd ste bsan diego, ca 92101-1213619-233-3456
business hoursmonday-friday 9am-5pmsaturday 10am-3pmclosed: sunday






upload files here






new! print estimator
use our print estimator to get a quick estimate for our printing services based on the print type, dimensions and options you choose. 


take me there




ra photo prints on fuji crystal archive paper


the chromira photo printer produces beautiful prints up to 30 x 164 inches. photo papers are available in glossy, matte, lustre, pearl, and deep matte finishes. fuji crystal archive printing material produces rich image color, pure whites, and razor-sharp letters with exceptional surface gloss and flatness.



the new canon imageprograf pro-4000 and imageprograf pro-6000 for giclée and fine art printing




our canon printers produce beautiful gallery-quality color and black & white output on canvas, fine art, and photo paper. canon’s lucia pro ink formulation enables smooth gradients, an expanded color gamut, and deeper color expression. vivid photo pigment-based inks offer a wide color gamut and over 200-year fade resistance.



our fine art giclée medias include:



hahnemühle photo rag® 308 gsm
the fine, smooth surface and feel of photo rag make this paper very versatile. it is ideal for printing black-and-white photographs and art reproductions with impressive pictorial depth.




hidden! fabriano artistico watercolour rag 310gsm
a 100% cotton, matte finish, mould-made digital fine art paper, with excellent color gamut and exceptional d-max. oba, acid and lignin free.




arches® aquarelle rag 310 gsm
a textured 100% rag, watercolor paper with a unique structure, surface texture and warm white tone that artists expect from a traditional fine art paper. complies with the highest archival standards and is extremely age resistant.




hidden! ilford galerie prestige cotton artist textured 310 gsm
the coarse structured surface of this mould-made 100% cotton rag paper allows for a beautiful traditional watercolor look and feel while reproducing pin-sharp details and color consistency.






hahnemühle photo rag® metallic 340 gsm
a 100% cotton,  silvery-shimmering, high-gloss metallic fine art paper. acid and lignin-free, museum quality for a high age resistance. 




breathing color lyve 19 mil 450 gsm matte canvas
lyve canvas offers incredible detail, a wide color gamut, and is oba-free yet still bright white. archival certified for 100+ years.




flatbed uv printing on metal, wood, acrylic and more


our cet q-series uv flatbed printer delivers ultra-high resolution, photo-quality images on a variety of substrates, up to 4×8 feet and 4 inches thick.



digital capture
digital capture from paintings, drawings, photos, and other artwork produces high-quality digital images for use in websites, publications, or reproductions.



art and photo services

digital capture and scanning from artwork, film and prints
photos printed using ra processing on fuji crystal archive paper
mounting 
acrylic face mounting
photo-quality uv printing on metal, wood, acrylic and a variety of substrates
canvas and fine art giclée prints up to 58 inches in width by any length (varies by media type)
canvas stretching available
art and photo reproductions
photo retouching 





















home
prices
about
contact
upload




chrome digital llc • 2345 kettner blvd, san diego, ca 92101 • 619.233.3456
	©
 






^








