








home | excel electrical technologies, inc. | take control of your future













































(770) 514-0755



facebook




instagram


  





facebook




instagram



  
 
 










home
about us
services

preconstruction
design & build
virtual construction


experience

water and waste water
multi-use and residential
hospitality, entertainment and sports
commerical
government and institutional
healthcare and labs
industrial
mission critical
educational and religious
retail
utilities infrastructure


contact us
news
working here
 


select page


  
 



 



 














don't settle for a job.gain a career with excel.
fill out our potential applicant form
 

 
 
 
 
 



take control of your future!
 
 
 


we’re excited to offer career opportunities in the electrical industry to those near our atlanta, ga  market. we pay your way, so you can earn while you learn. 


 
fill out potential applicant form (2 minutes)

 




competitive pay

 
 



alternative to college

 
 



wellness

 
 
 




job security

 
 



benefits 

 
 



rewarding work

 
 
 
 




 
 
 



many have found rewarding careers in the electrical industry.
 
 
 








matt  “the apprenticeship school didn’t cost me anything. excel took care of the whole bill! you won’t have any college debt.” 



 





shaine  “being an apprentice is the first step. that training is free! all you need is the determination to complete the program.” 



 





ivory  “if you’re coming out of high school or trying to learn a trade, the electrical industry is definitely the way to go!” 



 









watch their stories

 
 
 



awards & recognitionexcel offers unmatched quality and professionalism, winning several national awards for both quality and safety.

 

experienceexcel offers a tremendous track record for successful performance on the smallest to the largest projects in a wide array of market segments.

 
 


preconstructionearly project participation by excel’s preconstruction team often results in shortened project duration, better budget control, enhanced communications, and delivery of a higher quality project.

 

safetyexcel is dedicated to enhancing the safety, opportunity, and quality of work-life of employees, as evidenced by numerous safety awards presented to the company.

 
 
 




want a career?
the first step is to show your interest by filling out the form below. we are always looking to hire talented hard-working people.

fill out our potential applicant form






 





 

services

preconstruction
design and build
virtual construction

 
 

company info

contact us
careers
company

 
 

excel today!
 



 
 
  


 
 
 






facebook




instagram


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress  

 
 
 







