


family vacation destinations - our experience with timeshare ownership





home
more info
big question
caveats
reservations
contact



family vacation destinations
our experience with timeshare ownership















what's the deal with these vacation deals?



you may have seen an email, or an ad in the paper, or perhaps even a handout like the one to the right advertising a vacation package at an extremely enticing rate.  the offer is legitimate, but of course there is a catch.  the offer comes with an obligation to attend a tour and sales presentation at a timeshare resort, so the question on everyone's mind probably is, "would this be worth my time?"

we expect to answer that question for you by sharing the experience we had at one of these resorts.  we hope that by giving you some details about the sales and ownership process, you would be able to make an informed decision regarding the purchase of a timeshare.  to be blunt, it may not be the right decision for you.  one of the best ways to be sure is to keep reading through this website.

there are many questions that we had when we were first exposed to timeshares, and at that time, a resource showcasing first-hand practical experience was hard to find.  for most of you, learning more about the process and consequences of timeshare ownership before you proceed to booking a discount package is probably the wiser course of action.  to learn more about it, click on the "more info" link at the top of the page.

however, for others of you out there, the idea of timeshare ownership may already be your preferred alternative to paying high hotel rates every year in resort areas.  so if you already have a fair grasp of the ins-and-outs of timeshare ownership, then either click on the reservations link at the top of the page or on the handout image to the right, as either one will take you to the website of the resort we use.

take note!  there are two things that you should keep in mind before you click through to reserve your discount package.  first, write down the 'reference number' in the handout, as it is the code you'll need to secure the discounted rate.  secondly, and most important, please review their terms and conditions to make sure you meet their qualifications for a discounted rate package deal.

in the interest of full disclosure, this website is advocating timeshare ownership, which is why we're including a link to their reservation website on our front page.  what we do not want to do is simply push their services on you with no background information.

also, for those looking for a website which is inherently hostile towards the timeshare industry, you will be sorely disappointed.  we aren't here to slam an industry, but try to provide as much useful information as possible without coming across either as hostile or industry cheerleaders.













© 2014 ofv | web development by ofv and bryant smith | valid xhtml | valid css | privacy policy


