





max planck institute for the physics of complex systems: welcome to the max planck institute for the physics of complex systems















to get the full functionality of this website, you need javascript. here you find the instructions how to turn on javascript in your browser.















contactwork with us!webmailhow to reach ussitemapdeutsch





 








 

 
                    en
de 




researchdivisions and groupshighlightspublicationsvisitors programapplicationdata protection advice for applicantspreparationdresden and surroundingsaccommodationchildcareentering germanyorientationscientific integrityinformation for authorsfrequently used formscontract changes and extensionsrestaurants and shoppingpresent and former guestsdata protection advice for employeesproposals for seminars & workshopsinstitutepeopleinfrastructurelibraryitpublic outreachadministrationother service departmentscafeteriaroom booking systemorganisation chartboard of trusteesexternal scientific membersadvisory boardcollaborative research fundingdiversitygender equality teamcode of conductproblems?scientific reportseventsworkshops & seminarsworkshops & seminars in the pasttalkscolloquiapublic outreachphysik-preis dresdenimprs
 



















search























welcome to the max planck institute for the physics of complex systems
we pursue theoretical studies of the cooperative behaviour of animate and inanimate matter.














workshops and seminars: next in the rowworkshopmachine learning for quantum matterscientific coordinators: juan carrasquilla, markus schmitt, filippo vicentini
                24  feb 2025
                 - 
                    28  feb 2025
                    read moreworkshopflat bands, strong correlations, and heavy fermionsscientific coordinators: silke bühler-paschen, abhay pasupathy, qimiao si
                31  mar 2025
                 - 
                    04  apr 2025
                    read morefull list





work with us!



the institute offers various opportunities for undergraduates, graduate students, postdocs and faculty members.


read more






public outreach


our public outreach program aims to make scientific results accessible to the general public. active scientists speak about their recent work and explain it to a lay public with an interest in natural sciences, or to school children of different ages. 


read more





talkscmd seminar: entanglement dynamics of many body quantum states with evolving system condition
            pragya shukla (iit kharagpur)
        
            18 feb 2025, 03:00 pm seminarroom 4
        quantum dynamics seminar: potential energy surfaces, newton trajectories and catch bonds in theoretical chemistry
            dr. wolfgang quapp (leipzig university)
        
            19 feb 2025, 04:30 pm room 1d1
        qds:  stochastic processes go quantum: from the half-quantum ising model to dissipative quantum walks
            prof. thomas gorin (universidad de guadalajara, mexico)
        
            20 feb 2025, 04:30 pm room 1d1
        talks


highlightspublication highlightsnanoscale mapping of altermagnetismnature magazine published an article about nanoscale mapping of altermagnetism,…
                07  feb 2025
                publication highlightsthe physics of "cacio e pepe" sauce"cacio e pepe" is a traditional recipe from rome. it consists of tonnarelli…
                29  jan 2025
                full list








researchdivisions and groupshighlightspublications

visitors programapplicationpreparationproposals for seminars & workshops

eventsworkshops & seminarstalkspublic outreachphysik-preis dresden

institutepeopleinfrastructureorganisation chartcollaborative research fundingdiversityscientific reports

infrastructurelibraryitpublic outreachadministrationother service departmentscafeteriaroom booking system

imprs

socials
imprintdata protection advice 

 

 

 










 







