


stay dry under your deck with the premier watertight waterproofing ceiling system
        from american dry deck! 































stay dry under
                    your deck 

                        with an attractive ceiling system from american dry deck!






b
eautiful homes begin with a beautiful outdoor deck. american dry deck offers the
                    perfect solution for the custom home builder creating a clean, dry, nice-looking
                    living area beneath the deck while enhancing the beauty and architecture of the
                    home.













                    w elcome to american dry deck, the architecturally
                        styled underdeck maintenance-free watertight ceiling system that keeps the area
                        beneath your outdoor deck clean, dry and usable. its patented engineering features
                        specifically control and direct the collected debris and water flushing it to standard
                        guttering located at each end of the ceiling. all of the engineered components are
                        made of a weatherable, highly durable polyvinyl that can withstand heavy snow, high
                        winds and ice laden conditions. designers and architects specify this system extensively
                        at ocean front homes, lake properties and rocky mountain chalets where these type
                        of weather conditions are very prominent. the american dry deck's arched ceiling
                        panels have a soft fine texture and are available in shell white and desert tan.
                        the ceiling occupies 3 inches in total height and attaches level or pitched to added
                        furring lumber fastened to the bottom of the deck's framework. the american dry
                        deck's modular interlocking components do not use sealant or caulking and is guaranteed
                        watertight.
                            
                        for top decking solutions in aggressive environments such as coastal areas, please visit
                        the harsh environmental decking product pages. this decking material is designed for 
                        the decking of boat docks, marina walkways and general demanding environments which
                        require non-slip walking surface, impact and abrasion resiliency and overall heavy duty service.
                        
                        for answers to your questions, always contact our customer service/tech support group.
                        our support group will be able to provide you with complete technical application, installation
                        labor estimates, material pricing and shipping information. please click on the many links 
                        below to learn more about the attributes of the american dry deck ceiling system and the
                        harsh environmental decking.
                        
























888-416-7168




 


click to open the
                    
american dry deck brochure



contractor's


corner







                installation snapshots
            













                        


you must have acrobat reader to view/print
                    the brochure/installation pdf document.  





                    official american dry deck website

                    © american dry deck 1999-2016






