








boston harborfest

























































wednesday, july 2 – friday, july 4, 2025
 








 navigation


schedule

event schedule
highlights
faq
map


plan your stay
sponsors
donate
contact


schedule

event schedule
highlights
faq
map


plan your stay
sponsors
donate
contact
















 


 


 





boston harborfest is a proud tradition celebrating boston’s maritime and revolutionary history.with hundreds of activities over independence day week at boston’s most iconic historic landmarks, this family-friendly event is one of the country’s largest fourth of july festivals. activities include the annual opening ceremony in downtown crossing, historical reenactments, arts market, chowderfest, live musical entertainment, fireworks, and much more!







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





if you would like to make a tax deductible donation to boston harborfest, please click the button below.
donations are processed through boston celebrations, inc. — a 501(c)(3) organization.
donate now!event highlightsmusic & live performances
living historians and an array of local musical acts across all genres will perform in downtown crossing, free and for all to enjoy.
boston harborfest fireworks
visible from several vantage points along the inner harbor, the harborfest fireworks return to provide a spectacular display for all to enjoy. the fireworks will be launched from a barge at boston’s long wharf.
waterfront concert and artisan market
enjoy an afternoon of diverse live music and children’s activities within the breezy confines of cristopher columbus waterfront park, and stroll the adjacent greenway artisan market. performers: java jukebox • kamryn palmer • amanda mena • sons of levin
click here to view full schedule.
produced by:
sponsored by:
  







follow us on instagram





happy presidents' day! we hope you're enjoying you






we're sending all of you hugs this valentine's day






despite the enduring popularity of "paul revere's 






today marks 5 months until boston harborfest 2025!






this cold weather has us wishing we were in july a






it's "fact" machine friday, and this week we're hi






we are all smiles thinking about boston harborfest






it's time for our first "fact" machine friday, and



 





like us on facebook

contact boston harborfest
c/o conventures, inc.
88 black falcon avenue
suite 202
boston, ma 02210
phone: 617-439-7700
fax: 617-439-7701
info@bostonharborfest.com









 

 
 




























