


line break





























 




































 
 



  about 
              us
sample articles
sample e-mag (large
              file, be patient while loading) 
preview current issue
back issue overview
special 
              features
current distributors
where to buy a magazine 



 
 



 
subscriptions
   magazine
   e-mag
   mag+e-mag
combo 
                renewals
                   magazine and e-mag
back issues
distributor benefits
online marketplace
cover 
                art








 message boards
 calendar 
              of events 
e-mag login
primitive 
              links 


 







advertising opportunities
current advertisers
online payment for advertisers
current distributors
media kit




 
 



 
faq's
change of address
renew 
                subscription
contact information



 










 


it was winter in the land of the people. snow lay deep in
        the higher hollows, and the wind howled ferociously from the north, scouring
        and shaking the mountain peaks with icy gusts. in the sheltered river
        valley where the village of the people was situated, conditions were
        less severe, but the land was still held firmly in the frigid grip of
        the cold. >> read
                                    the whole article


when you arrive at the tennessee classic, near clarksville,
        tennessee, you drive down into a beautiful wooded valley with ample camping
        space, three sets of 3-d targets, vendors with archery equipment, and
        a rather amazing central core of workshops. for myself, the extensive
        workshop area for making bows and flintknapping was the main reason i
        came to the event.
>> read
                              the whole article 


 

 


two message threads emerged–one for the north and one for the south–so the craftsmen and the primitive archer community could monitor the work and provide feedback and encouragement in this good-natured "war between the bowyers". pat brennan started the thread on january 18, 2007, with the clarion call: “ok all you yankee bas...you guys from up north. this is your thread.”
>> read
                            the whole article

if you’ve stopped here expecting to read a first-hand account about my trailing the mother of all whitetails with trusty bow and arrow in hand, or how i crafted a prize-winning primitive bow from a gnarled and twisted piece of worm-holed driftwood, you’ve turned to the wrong page. yes, this is a yarn about me on a trail, of sorts, with bow and arrow, all right. and it will detail the making of a fine, handcrafted bow by a true master bowyer. only the trail is one of discovery, and that little ol’ bowmaker isn’t me. maybe i should explain.
>> read
                            the whole article 



 












 

 

 











spring 2024 - 32.1 in
                      this issue:








 



the kings crusade by martin traveler
using the entire critter
                          by ken wee
read the
                              table of contents


emag is available now. subscription will be mailed
                          mid-month. newstand copies arrive at the end of the
                          month. 






 


 




 















 




 







copyright 
        ©2023 primitive archer magazine
		all rights reserved.

































