









	renowned homesaver chimney & fireplace products - chimney cap, fireplace damper, chimney liner, chimney sweep, dampers, chimney liners, chimney caps, chimney repair, chimney cleaning, chimney cover, chimney professional, energy saving, energy efficient, lyemance damper, lock-top damper, gelco, fireplace dampers, chimney top damper.










 





















about
|
contact

			 
		















zip code:




search radius:


5 miles
10 miles
15 miles
20 miles
50 miles
100 miles
150 miles
250 miles




search criteria:


all chimney professionals
chimney liner installers only
damper installers only
chimney cap installers only



















product overview


faqs


chimney safety & maintenance


glossary of chimney related terms


related links


contact homesaver










homesaver – we have answers for your fireplace, appliance, and chimney questions




i need my chimney inspected/serviced.
solution:locate a chimney professional near you.





can a chimney look good on the outside but be faulty or even dangerous on the inside?
solution:revitalize your chimney with homesaver chimney relining system.





i feel like the warm air of my house is escaping up my chimney.
solution: energy saving top-sealing dampers can save you hundreds a year in heat loss.





can a chimney cap really save me money?
solution: chimney caps prevent long term damage to your flues, keep out critters, and help prevent fires.





my installer gave me a card to register my warranty.
solution: to register your warranty, you can mail that card or easily register your warranty online.









how to determine if chimney work is necessary
				chimney's require regular mainteneace for safety and proper function.  this list of advice will make you feel confident about choosing a chimney sweep as well as moving ahead with any prescribed chimney repairs.
			

the seven secrets of safe chimneys
				list list of seven "secrets" will help ensure the safety of your home.
			
more chimney articles...





10 questions to ask when you’re getting a chimney liner


10 questions to ask when you’re buying a wood or gas stove


10 questions to ask when you’re buying a chimney cap


10 questions to ask when you’re getting your chimney cleaned







(rollover plus images below)



























chimney terms
stainless steel chimney liner
stainless steel pipe, either rigid or flexible, made for relining flues of masonry chimneys when the original clay liner has cracked or broken. may also be used to create a lining in a masonry chimney that was made without a clay liner.
chimney caps
protective coverings for chimneys usually made of aluminum, galvanized or stainless steel, or copper. most chimney caps have a mesh screening that serves the dual purpose of spark arrestor and barrier against animals. chimney caps also prevent rain from entering the flue of the chimney.
top-sealing dampers
a device installed at the top of a chimney for the purpose of sealing the flue shut when the fireplace is not in use. they are often used as replacements for throat dampers that are installed just above the firebox when a masonry chimney is built. lyemance and lock-top top-sealing dampers are as much as 90% more efficient than throat dampers because they provide a silicone rubber gasket seal rather than metal to metal.




		   	© copyright 2016 homesaver.  all rights reserved.  our privacy policy.
			





