








culture at work: home page 




 





 

  culture
 at 
work 


    helping cross-cultural organizations negotiate, create, and learn 


  
  
    





our services
negotiation & conflict
culture at work
japan
communication
site contents







.  the new mediator's handbook 4th edition is out! long an essential volume for mediators, the new edition has been completely rewritten front-to-back, while keeping the same accessible format and straight-forward writing style. it's been 16 years since the previous edition, and we've learned a lot since then. we've worked hard to make the mediation process steps and the mediator's moment-to-moment choice of approaches as clear and easy to remember as we can. 
mediation skills and process are useful in a whole range of situations, not just in formal mediations. if you find yourself helping people work through difficult situations, we hope you'll get a copy for your actively-used bookshelf. give a copy to your friends who work as managers, therapists, politicians, teachers, administrators, lawyers, and facilitators. recommend it to your local library, your religious community, your hr department....  
thanks, and let us know how you've used it! 
order your copy from new society publishers.

check out the mediator's handbook website for more information about the contents, and for trainings and other events.


 highlights....
this culture-at-work website is designed to help you work effectively in cross-cultural situations. 
enjoy exploring the site. we hope you find ideas to be both thought-provoking and practical.


we suggest some links below. or you can head directly for the complete table of contents to see what else interests you.


  culture crossings


how to define the 
undefinable? a set of pages on 
concepts of culture 
ducks the question by instead looking at the  many
metaphors for culture one finds in the business world.



  japanese culture
explore our popular essential, informed, &  intriguing sites about japanese culture links page. 
lessons from hiroshima 60 years laterwe interviewed survivors, scholars, and activists for this  peace talks radio program, which aired across the country.
walter cronkite narrates this powerful hour-long documentary on nuclear disarmament and proliferation, starting with the experiences on-the-ground of japanese survivors, and perspectives from american and japanese veterans. it includes an interview with this year's nobel peace prize winner, dr. mohamed elbaradei, and some of cronkite's first-hand experiences of covering the hiroshima aftermath.




  communication
this section looks at the basics of language, messages, signs, codes. one topic that seems to intrigue (and worry) negotiators is  non-verbal communication in negotiations.


  mediation
podcast!  listen online to the international institute for conflict prevention and resolution's michael mcilwrath podcast conversations with jenny beer/ one is about community mediation and the mediator's handbook.   the second podcast is about  cross-cultural issues in mediation.

 take a look at mediation through an anthropologist's spectacles: underlying values and assumptions in mediation 

  negotiation
this section of the website has notes on various topics from the negotiation & dispute resolution course jenny beer teaches at the university of pennsylvania's wharton school. here's a page that takes a first look at the difficult questions of ethics in negotiation. 


  our work
 we offer mediation, facilitation, and conflict coaching services. call us to find out about custom-designed workshops and presentations on mediation, negotiation skills, and cross-cultural communication.
bio for jennifer beer.

 interested in a job, a career, or a life-change? q & a: working in cross-cultural, mediation, conflict resolution, or peacemaking fields. 

 



 culture at 
work 
is edited and produced by business anthropologist and mediator jennifer beer, ph.d., principal of jb intercultural consulting. her independent consulting practice is located close to center city philadelphia.

whether you're looking for training, mediation services, advice in handling a cross-cultural conflict, or a facilitator for important meetings ... 
we welcome your inquiries, your comments, and your business.  
jb intercultural consulting 
59 berkley avenue
lansdowne, pa 19050-1324 usa
telephone:  610-623-1926
jbeer@culture-at-work.com











our services
negotiation & conflict
culture at work
japan
communication
home


 




© 2013 jennifer e. beer fair use policy



»»  culture at work home page 








