  home - putnam county chamber            
 skip to content   menu homeabout usboard of directorsstaffaccomplishmentsgovernanceadvocacycontactmembershipjoinmember benefitsnetworkingdirectorymember logincommunityputnam profilerelocationbrochureseducationprepared workforcehealthcarejob postingsvisit putnameconomic development   menu homeabout usboard of directorsstaffaccomplishmentsgovernanceadvocacycontactmembershipjoinmember benefitsnetworkingdirectorymember logincommunityputnam profilerelocationbrochureseducationprepared workforcehealthcarejob postingsvisit putnameconomic development                                                                                directory   join   goals   member login mission statementthe putnam county chamber of commerce is the principal leader in the promotion of commerce. our mission is to be a creative force that promotes a better quality of life, excellence in leadership, coordination, and responsible development of business enterprise. why join the putnam county chamber of commerce?80%consumers are 80% more likely to purchase from a member of the local chamber.86%86% of consumers believe the local chamber helps create jobs and promotes local economic development.68%consumers that know a business is a chamber member are 68% more likely to think positively of their local reputation.90%over 90% of putnam county chamber members reinvest in their chamber every year demonstrating the return on investment.source - the schapiro group research study-the real value of joining a local chamber of commerce community assetsour communities are all blessed with an abundance of beautiful waterways and scenic greenways.  we have unlimited opportunities to explore the st. johns river, one of only a few rivers in the world that flows north. enjoy waterfront living and experience old florida charm.  share in celebrating our heritage at many festivals and events, including the florida azalea festival, st. johns river catfish festival, blue crab festival, bostwick blueberry festival, and more. waterfront living discover more hiking, biking & paddling trails discover more southern hospitality discover more excellent healthcare discover more national, state & local parks discover more bass capital of the world discover more upcoming events  view all events    add an event  in the news  view all news  © 2025 putnam county chamber  |  site by growthzone  accredited  chamber of the year  certified get in touch!    phone   386-328-1503     location   1100 reid st, palatka, fl 32177     email   email us     facebook icon      twitter icon      youtube icon    government partners   putnam county    town of interlachen    city of palatka    crescent city    welaka  © 2025 putnam county chamber.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone scroll to top 


