











































on top of the world retirement community in florida




































 




















866-228-5878


info@otowfl.net



 




















 






skip to content







   











about 

who we are
on top of the world at a glance
meet your neighbors
faqs
we’re building the world
ask a resident on top of the world communities
sustainable practices


lifestyle 

homeowners
featured club
battle of the paddle pickleball tournament
amenities
r/c flying field
softball
golf
pickleball
tennis
fitness
veterans park
circle square commons
master the possibilities
ocala life


virtual tours 

homes
the lodge at candler hills
the landing
arbor activity center
arbor fitness center


homes 

floor plans models
move in ready
keyturner
neighborhoods

longleaf ridge
balfour
weybourne landing


home series
a better built home
quality construction
energy efficiency
maintenance free
warranty
colen built design studio


what’s new
come visit
contact 

email sign up
schedule an appointment
sales live chat
career opportunities
resident services


careers

























 





 
















 


















on top of the world communities


you deserve the world®the premier 55+ active adult retirement community in florida


the retirement community in florida of on top of the world communities is an award-winning, family owned building and land development company. founded in 1947 by patriarch, the late sidney colen. in 1975, he brought the family experience and vision of building the perfect retirement community to ocala, florida. with the purchase of circle square ranch, a continually working cattle ranch to this day, the colen’s passion for creativity in land development arrived in central florida. kenneth colen, sidney’s son, grew up in the business and has led on top of the world communities since 1981. on top of the world retirement community in florida remains the oldest, privately owned land developer in the state.
furthermore, the on top of the world retirement community in florida is a leader in both recreational activities & amenities. utilizing superior construction methods, we build energy efficient homes, that often exceeds industry standards. check out our selection of floor plans and move in ready homes at our retirement community.


view our homes!view our amenities!





where the cool kids retire!


on top of the world communities is home to an endless stream of concerts, parties, happy hours, and social get-togethers. live life to it’s fullest with more than 175 resident clubs, and social and service organizations.
the best days of your life are yet to come at on top of the world! come see why all the “cool kids” are retiring here!











premier florida retirement community


from maintenance-free to owner maintained.
we've got the perfect neighborhood and home designs to meet your needs!





longleaf ridge
neighborhood





ashford
neighborhood





weybourne landing
neighborhoodunmatched
amenities


with unmatched amenities, on top of the world retirement communities in florida leads 55+ recreational activities, in quantity and quality.


unrivaled
construction


each new home at on top of the world ocala is built with quality, steel reinforced, concrete block construction using superior materials and brands for better energy efficient homes.


storied
history


as the premier 55+ active adult retirement community in florida, on top of the world communities is an award-winning, family owned, debt-free company founded in 1947.










request more information


let us tell you more about the amazing life you could have at on top of the world.


 sign up for info ask a question


























also of interestexploring the best retirement city of florida ideal senior living floor plans in ocalaseniors move in ready homes in ocala 







expert service our management team has over 100 years combined retirement community experience, proving our dedication to the heart of your dreams is big at on top of the world communities.



pagesat a glance
who we are
floor plans
amenities
faqs
newsroom
visit us
contact us
 

contact 8447 sw 99th st. rd.
ocala, fl 34481
866-228-5878
info@otowfl.net





sales office hoursmon - sat: 9 a.m. – 5 p.m.
sun: 10 a.m. – 5 p.m. 





privacy policy | terms & conditions | cookie policy | ada compliancy | trademark usage policy

 ©2025 on top of the world communities, llc. a 55+ community in ocala, fl, by colen built development, llc.
*take advantage of up to $10,000 off design studio options and a free golf cart (included with the purchase of a classic, premier, or estate series to-be-built home). golf cart value not to exceed $10,000. please note that if the customer chooses any additional customizations or add-ons for the golf cart, they will be responsible for paying the extra costs out of pocket. on top of the world communities is not responsible or liable for any additional charges. availability is limited while supplies last; this promotion cannot be combined with other incentives. terms and conditions apply. colen built development reserves the right to modify or withdraw this offer at any time. **this limited-time offer applies to new construction homes, with purchase agreements executed between february 1 and february 28, 2025. it is valid only for classic, premier, and estate series to-be-built homes and does not apply to cottage, carriage series, or move-in-ready homes. this limited-time offer may be rescinded at any time and is void where prohibited by law. please consult your on top of the world sales specialist for details on how to participate. if the customer opts not to receive a golf cart included with the purchase of a classic, premier, or estate series to-be-built home, the value of the golf cart can be applied towards design for a total of $20,000 in design studio options. please note that the only customization available for the golf cart is the color; colen built development has the sole discretion to determine the model and accessories, depending on availability.
a 3 day/2 night world tour adventure is $99.00; rates subject to sales tax. customers must book their stay between january 1, 2025 and march 31, 2025. offer can be withdrawn at any time. must qualify to be eligible for a world tour adventure. a $99 cancellation fee applies if the reservation is cancelled within 30 days of stay. all guests must be at least 18 years of age. offers valid only for customers interested in purchasing a new home. a tour with one of our knowledgeable sales associates is required. accommodations are limited and available on a first-come, first-served basis. on top of the world communities, llc., ocala, florida, a 55+ community. on top of the world communities reserves the right to change or withdraw any offer at any time. prices, features, and specifications are subject to change without notice. see sales associate for details.
all floor plan dimensions are approximate and subject to change. floor plan images are for illustrative purposes only. developer reserves the right to make modifications, changes or additions to all plans and designs. builder may substitute certain products or items as it deems appropriate from time to time. all drawings are artist’s conception. in deciding to purchase a home, purchasers agree to rely only on the final contract document and not any information contained herein.










©2025 on top of the world communities, llc
certified general contractor lic. - cgc1505760





































