










go baguio! your complete guide to baguio city, philippines






































welcome to baguio!baguio is also known as the summer capital of the philippines, city of pines, city of mines, city of flowers, garden city of the philippines, ukay-ukay capital of the philippines"so which baguio hotel would you recommend?"which baguio hotel would i recommend? that is a question i have been asked a lot. the next most popular, of course, would be "which road should we take -- kennon or marcos?"and i do get to answer a whole lot of other questions about baguio. after all, i have been a resident for the past 21 years and for more than 20 years before that it was my absolute favorite vacation place! baguio city is the one place in the philippines i always dreamed of living in. imagine all these --clear blue morning skies, foggy afternoons, and chilly romantic evenings.so, in 1991, when we won the bid to run a restaurant in camp john hay, jupiter, the horse my sister and i co-owned, moved up as well. for it was in baguio where i went on my first pony ride. it was here where i learned how to ride a bike, row a boat. and later on, it was here where i learned to party!i fell in love with english-speaking natives in their indigenous dress, who would always beam you a warm, friendly smile. i fell in love with the pine trees, wide open spaces, parks and gardens, and the wild sunflowers that signal the end of the rains, with the "little america" that it used to be. so which hotel in baguio city would i recommend?"  i will do better than that -- i will try to list them all so you can decide what is best for you! 
when i started gobaguio! in 2003, most baguio web sites were news-based which means 'bad news' was datelined: baguio city philippines all the time. what we really needed was a travel web site .. more  about this sitethe baguio flower festival rose to the top of the philippines' fiesta calendar with 200,000 visitors every february.  panagbengai  will  also write  about --•  cozy little inns and private vacation homes that we locals refer to as 'transient houses' •  the best homegrown restaurants you will find only in the city of pines •  tips on how to cut your vacation food expenses•  all our available recreational activities, a lot of them outdoor, too!•  lots of things you could do here without spending a centavo•  the fastest and safest way to get here•  helpful tips for getting around •  historical sites, tourist spots and places of interest to explore•  tour itineraries so you can design your vacation around your interests•  the best products, souvenirs and brands, and where to get them•  top spots for baguio real estate, what to look for when renting or buying a house, lot or condo •  why baguio is considered a top destination, the summer capital of the philippines•  the panagbenga and other popular festivals and events •  the totally unique "little things" that make baguio, baguio       i n s i d e   g o   b a g u i o ! let's get started then! just click on any of the quick links to gobaguio!'s most popular pages below or on the navigation bar at the top!general informationgovernment, population, climate,  language and all you may want to know about the city of pinesnews & weathercurrent weather plus a 5-day forecast, and all the latest newshistory of baguio citythe journey from tribal village to mining and recreation town to top philippine destination.festivals & eventsannual festivals, regular and special event schedules, including panagbenga.baguio mapsfind an interactive map with street view plus all the city and area maps to help you navigate better.best times to visitwhat's going on year-round, plus holidays in the philippines, which usually means -- long weekends!how to get to baguiomust-read travel advisory with  access and routes from manila and other philippine provinceswhere to shopthe best places to shop for souvenirs, supplies, furniture, and all our best products.where to stayall lodging, from hotels to inns, retreat houses and private vacation homes, transient houses.eat-in or dine-out?filipinos especially like to travel in large groups. here's how to save on your vacation food bill.where to dinepersonal recommendations for restaurants that cannot be found anywhere else in the philippines.best of baguiomy list of the best and the rest that baguio city, philippines has to offer!baguio schoolsa guide to universities, colleges, and english academies and other educational institutions.business directorycomplete, easy-to-navigate directory with business names, addresses and phone numbers.transportation guideaccessible by land and by air, find a list of public transportation from other philippines destinations.travel tips for visitorsplan your trip better with tips on what to pack, traffic rules, currency exchange and more! tour itinerariesexplore the sights on your own, save time and money with the   do-it-yourself tour designervisitor attractionsplaces to explore, historical sites, landmarks and tourist attractions, lots of photos.things to dothis popular recreation page is now a portal of themed activities to keep everyone of all ages busy.baguio for free!let me tell you about things to do here that won't cost you a  centavo!local productsthe best, the tastiest and the most useful indigenous goods  produced in the cordilleras.the official summer residence of the president of the philippinesbaguio travel advisorymarcos highway -- openkennon road -- open (road works)naguilian road -- openhalsema highway -- openbaguio-nueva vizcaya road -- openroad access info available at shell station in rosario la union, prior to your climb.       b u l l e t i n   b o a r d *when another place is indicated, this it means that local weather stations are not reportingstrawberry taho?the popular filipino hawker food made of soft soya with sago pearls has a new version -- with strawberry syrup or preserves. get yours from regular taho vendors for cheap!let's socialize!wow!!! i've never seen such a very informative and detailed website about baguio before.. i love it!! your website is very exciting to visit and not to mention, very helpful. please know that your efforts are greatly appreciated ...  -- chad trinidad, new jersey       t e s t i m o n i a l s  you did an excellent job and i want to thank you for being able to describe baguio as a place where good things thrive. truly it is. we may be far from home but our thoughts are in baguio city our home... -- jho quan, las vegas, nevadai love your site. has details every tourist traveler needs. i just hope you have articles in the future featuring hotels and inns there. we from the lowlands would love to know best places to see and stay ...  -- john eric mendoza,  manila, philippines     w h a t ' s   n e w ? we add articles and features, and update pages on a regular basis. get the most recent here. learn more about the city of pines >camp john hay (cjh)this former american rest & recreation facility is still the most popular mountain resort in the philippines.philippine military academy for 100 years, pma, the officers school of the armed forces in the philippines has made the summer capital its home.baguio real estatebuying a house or looking to invest in property? find tips for buying or renting a house, lot or condo in baguio city.
comment on this siteback to top

 
  home | newsletter | advertising | privacy | terms of service | links | contact | about | sitemap | testimonials  more testimonials >
weather updates©2014. all rights reserved. gobaguio! your complete guide to baguio city, philippines














which baguio hotel would i recommend is an important question.it is also important to have a mobile app for your business. it is now more than ever important to have a mobile app for business. mobile apps for business can increase your customer engagement by 30% immmediately! quality local provides the easiest and fastest way for businesses to creat a mobile app. click here to learn more. if you are looking to increase your income look at mobile app reseller opportunities.









