







choto marina | located in knoxville, tennessee
































































skip to content














 865-966-5472















facebook















instagram





















 











 dockage

dry storage
wet slips


marina

amenities
ship’s store
fuel
boats for sale
restaurant
service
our team
gallery


carefree boat club

about carefree
our team
carefree calendar


 












 

















dockage 
							carefree  
							 


dockage 
							carefree 
							 
























welcome to choto marina 










at choto marina, we know you deserve exceptional service and easy access to the water!choto marina is conveniently located minutes from downtown knoxville, tennessee. our full-service marina offers dry storage with valet boat service, wet slips, a fuel dock, a ship’s store, a restaurant, and a boat club.our award-winning marina has consecutively won “best marina” in the “best of knoxville” awards in 2018 and 2019!























customer reviews 














“very friendly people and a very clean marina. easy to get in and out of and not really too busy for parking.”

kelly g.


“we have kept our boat here for about 5 years and keep it there because of the service and location.”

robert c.


“we’ve had our boat in dry storage for 2 seasons now and i can’t say enough about these guys. they always go above and beyond to help out and make our day on the lake go smoothly. some of the friendliest people you’ll meet. you can’t go wrong with keeping your boat at choto.”

matt s.


“excellent location, great environment and the staff are pleasant and helpful. 100% recommend!”

ines i.


“always great service and the team there takes great care of our boat.”

jonathan h.



 























fort loudon lake 










choto marina is located at mile marker 612.5 on fort loudoun lake. fort loudoun lake is located at the headwaters of the tennessee river near knoxville, and extends 55 miles upstream from the dam to the confluence of the holston and french broad rivers. it features 379 miles of shoreline and 14,600 acres of water surface, making it a popular recreation destination known for bass fishing, boating, and birdwatching.latitude/longitude: 35.8067° n, 84.1461° w























coordinates of this location not found 

























 










contact information 



choto marina12214 choto marina wayknoxville, tn 37922865-966-5472info@chotomarina.com










additional links 



lake levels

















2020 © choto marina. all rights reserved. | privacy policy & accessibility








































