
















welcome to devguru! | devguru





































 




primary links
home
quick refsado
asp
css2
html
jet sql
javascript
t-sql
php
vbscript
wml
wml script
wsh
xhtml
xml dom
xslt


featureshtml color chart
knowledge base
tutorials


site
authoring
devguru resume
link to us
testimonials

privacy policy


search




							font-size:
								a
a
a













 


welcome to devguru!



devguru quick references


ado
javascript
vbscript
xhtml


asp
jetsql
wml
xml dom


css2
php
wmlscript
xslt


html
t-sql
wsh
 



what's new



latest android articles



implementing fingerprint sensor in apps :
we know, using fingerprint access for doors and vaults is a highly secure option, to protect our belongings. now the same means of protection is available for our smartphones too! nowadays, the smartphones comes with inbuilt fingerprint detection sensors. with the sensors specifically designed to detect fingerprints, hand held devices has never been more secure. the fingerprints are more secure, as you know, we all have got a very unique fingerprint.


cardview :
cardview is a material design user interface(ui) widgets which is introduced by android. it was introduced with the release of android lollipop. the cardview provides a flexible and advanced way of implementing complex and custom list with more functions. cardview extends the framelayout class . the cardview shows information inside the card itself. we can add text , images, buttons and many more widgets inside the card.


 auto place listing using google : 
are you building an app which needs dynamic listing of places? no need to go for any custom or conventional solutions, using country, places database. just as in many other fields, google has made our life easier! we can implement dynamic listing of places using the google maps api.

google provides an easy to use widget, which instantly display the auto complete suggestions, when we start typing in. one can choose the correct option from the list & we can capture the value in our app.




simple recyclerview and recyclerview using cardview :
recyclerview is the advanced technique in displaying a list or tabular data. it is much flexible and efficient as compared to the conventional listview. in order to use recyclerview, we have to declare the adapter and a layout manager.


swipe to refresh layout :

as the name says, swiperefreshlayout lets the users to reload the contents of the page just by swiping the screen down. if you have used google chrome or gmail in your smart phones, you might have seen/used this feature. it is fairly easy to implement this widget.

 more >>


php quick reference
php is a powerful scripting language for creating dynamic websites. it has gained enormous popularity in the community as the free and efficient alternative to commercial competitors. here is a comprehensive overview of the basics of php, covering all the important subjects, in the popular devguru quick reference format. php intro.
t-sql quick reference
t-sql gets the devguru quick reference treatment! this is a comprehensive quick reference covering a wide range of topics, from the basic query operations, to more advanced features such as stored procedures, triggers, and views. t-sql intro.
the guru reviews primalscript 3.1
having a full-featured editor that helps with the syntax of the language at hand is important for the efficiency of all developers. most need to work with multiple languages and technologies in parallel, which makes tools that span a majority of these languages invaluable. read full review.
new tutorial — simplify xml to java object configuration using jakarta digester
an article by contributing author vikas pandya that explains how to use jakarta digester to help populate java objects from xml on the fly. be sure to check it out in the tutorials section.
the guru reviews sourcegear vault
vault, by sourcegear, is source code control software based on the new microsoft .net framework. for anyone who uses microsoft's competing product, sourcesafe, the interface will seem quite familiar. vault also supports general features in the same way sourcesafe does - projects and folders are organized into a hierarchy, there are right-click menus for file operations like get latest version, check-in, and check-out, and features such as notes and history on check-in and check-out. however, vault does have an advantage over sourcesafe. read the entire review here.
pdf quick references
we have converted all of our popular quick references into pdf format for convenient off-line viewing and printing. each document has a comprehensive index to make finding the information you need even easier than ever. these valuable resources are now available for purchase for a small fee by clicking the link on the introduction page for each technology.






 





print this page
e-mail this page













 









© copyright 1999-2018 by infinite software solutions, inc. all rights reserved.
trademark information | privacy policy

event management software and association management software













