




herringport kitchens & bedrooms | bespoke furniture norfolk | handmade kitchens























home
























 01493 442 115
 steve@herringport.co.uk


menu


menuhomeour storyservices▼kitchensbedroomsbespoke furniturehandmade furnituregalleriesreviews▼leave a reviewour reviewsblogcontact










content

















read more









read more










 


bedroomslearn more
kitchenslearn more
furniturelearn more

 


herringport furniture - handmade kitchens norfolkherringport bespoke kitchens & furniture design, manufacturer, and install hand-made fitted and free-standing hand painted kitchen units, bespoke furniture, beds, and fitted or free-standing wardrobes. our bespoke kitchens are crafted to your own specifications, and the furniture we manufacture is unique, durable, and of the highest quality. if you let us know your requirements we’ll incorporate them into your design, and our use of time-honoured hand tool methods coupled with modern wood preparation techniques, guarantees you a finished product that not only looks amazing but functions flawlessly for many years to come.if you would like to book a visit to our workshop in norfolk, this can be arranged. call us on 01493 442 115 today to find out more, or email steve@herringport.co.uk. 
contact ustel: 01493 442 115email: steve@herringport.co.ukfill in our contact form

 








onononononononononon

            excellent (10/10)
                    



22 customer reviews
                
herringport furniture
























onononononononononon


09-nov-2024




great service and superb kitchen


we are so very pleased with our kitchen. we had ideas of what we wanted and steve listened, understood and gave good input to improve.  the attention to detail and quality of the finished product were excellent and good value for money. would definit  read more
by sandra








onononononononononon


02-oct-2023




a quality kitchen tailor-made to our requirements


design: steve planned with us the kitchen that best suited our requirements and the space available.
fitting: the kitchen was installed within the time scale agreed.
quality: the craftsmanship is excellent.

we are very pleased with our bespoke k  read more
by ian & cathy tooley








onononononononononon


18-sep-2023




outstanding


i cannot tell you how grateful i am to the friend that recommended steve to us. we thought we knew exactly how we wanted out kitchen to be but during the first site meeting it became apparent that we had failed to consider so many things. thankfully   read more
by camilla








onononononononononon


02-jun-2023




fantastic service and quality of finish


we decided to go with herringport as the quality of the work and finish we’re second to none. both steve and luke listened to what we were looking for a made us a top quality kitchen and bespoke worktops to suit. we are so pleased with the finish and  read more
by john tiffen








onononononononononon


04-mar-2023




bespoke quality at its best


i had the pleasure of working with steve on several bespoke dining and living room cherry wood furniture pieces. steve was a pleasure to work with and nothing was too much trouble. finally we have our fantastic furniture which will some day be passed  read more
by john kostuch








onononononononononon


05-aug-2022




great work, great service!


from start to finish, with our bespoke kitchen, we were thoroughly pleased with steve and luke’s, expertise, knowledge, input and craftsmanship in our finished project. sometimes challenging for all of us , but we were able to come up with solutions   read more
by geoff and kim








onononononononononon


15-feb-2022




a first class product and a first class service


from the start of our enquiry we have had excellent service from steve and luke. they were so friendly and helpful at every stage of the process. the quality of the cabinets and worktops are first class. the finished kitchen looks beautiful. everyone  read more
by stephen & susan watson








onononononononononon


27-oct-2021




unbelievable quality kitchen


the quality of the kitchen herringport  made for me is incredible. the joinery, quality of materials and finish is the best i have ever seen and is  great value for money. steve let me design the kitchen how i wanted and made anything possible. could  read more
by jordan buckenham








onononononononononon


06-jul-2021




top quality craftsmanship at sensible price


we visited steve's workshop with a good idea of what we wanted. steve understood what we required and would always confirm each step. however we did change our minds about some ideas and steve was very patient while we came to a decision. making our   read more
by kate and chris drayson








onononononononononon


25-mar-2021




outstanding - what a pleasure to work with steve


the build and customized finish quality is outstanding.

our kitchen design wasn't straightforward by any stretch. steve patiently worked with us to design and optimise the layout whilst building/extension work was ongoing. all important to ensure   read more
by michael van der merwe













working with usworking with herringport is a simple process. for custom kitchens and free-standing or built-in furniture, all you have to do in the first instance is send us a rough sketch with the basic outline of the design and some accurate dimensions. some photographs of the location are useful too, so we can foresee any potential problems. we’ll then consult with you closely to develop your sketch into a more detailed plan our craftsmen can work from. after this your kitchen units or wardrobes will be built in house, then delivered and installed in your home on time and on budget.

 























footer






menuprivacy policywebsite terms of usecontact



herringport
herringport furniture
riverside road
gorleston on sea
norfolk
nr31 6px

 01493 442 115
 steve@herringport.co.uk


social media







join the conversation online! follow herringport furniture.


general enquiries






































                designtec cms
				bongo ®
				2025
				© website design




c
        




                this website uses cookies. about cookies. by continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. designtec web design norwich










        item added to basket
    


        insufficient stock - left
    







































