


b1 | becoming-one church








 


 























translate website















press of the becoming-one church
becomingonechurch.org | becoming-one.org | becomigone.org | beone.ws | |b1-ch.org | b1-church.org | yehovah.ch | becoming-one.ch







b1
love is
our doctrine
bible
faq
latest
videos
be a member/donate
count down
contact us






welcome audio





















welcome to the 
becoming-one church’s news website
the new law is love — the system of love. 
this system of love can only come from the god few know or understand: 
my god is the becoming-one: god papers
for immediate download: go here
read the expanded toc
first came the night, the chaos
then came the light, the coming one
and grace abounded to all
new: harmony of the gospels 2024, with new becoming-one literal bible 2024 text. 
also watch for the new becoming-one bible 2024 (old & new testaments) book soon to follow
 
proponents of every belief system think their ideas are the truth. but are they? question everything and everyone. to question us, first read about our beliefs. to find almost everything about the beliefs of the becoming-one church go see and read our books and papers here.   these books/papers/words help to support and give evidence for our beliefs, which are based on the bible. if you don’t believe the bible is a sound document, go here. think: profound questions

is it that time, that set time? yes! big changes are coming for the good to our world, but it is not going to come from our present governments. join us welcoming the new world — with its system of love as its prime principle. too much suffering in our world; too much misery; too much anarchy; too much disease; too much 1984 totalitarian control coming. (rev 13:16-18).  the worst is yet to come: war, wars, rumor of wars, plagues, famines and pestilences, earthquakes, political division and a worldwide tech/digital money system…all this shortly before the new world of the coming king of kings.

be brave, heads up, the evil will end and good and the system of love will enter the world. there is prophecy that predicts all this and more. see, know the times.

“pilate said to him, you then a king? jesus answered, you say it that i am a king. i have been born for this.” (see john 18:33-38) the king of kings will take control of the world 2000 years after he was killed by the “elites” of the world. the atmosphere will be set on fire by the nuclear weapons of the last war. (2 pet 3:7, 12; 2 thes 1:8 kjv) however, the messiah jesus (yehoshua, king of kings) will simply say, “it is done.” (rev 16:17 kjv; pr447; zech 14:1-10) the evil and dysfunction will be done, completely finished on the earth in a second. after the king of kings stops the cosmocide of the world, he will initiate the 1000 year utopia. all this is coming soon after we first witness the madness of the world get worse and worse. it is near. wait and see your salvation come in a moment at the darkest time in mankind’s history. read our prophecy papers for the details. 
why didn't god [yhwh] end the madness before, thousands of years ago? why? because we desired to learn about good and evil. (genesis 2:15-17; 3:1-19) so god gave us thousands of years to learn about good and evil. he will save us just as we are committing cosmocide. 
 
latest news: see it here | count down to 1260th day and thereafter to ...






 











in the beginning god
but before the beginning the
pre-creation power
set everything in order
first of all, our basic beliefs:  for out of him, and through him, and into him, all things. (rom 11:36) in order that may be the god all in all. (1cor 15:28)  read in context: 

and when all things have been subjected unto him, then shall the son also himself be subjected to him that did subject all things unto him, that god may be all in all.

god all in all? very significant, god will be in all, “when all things have been subjected unto him [christ].” will be. in the future. not yet now. to continue. and now abides faith, hope, love ... but the greatest of these is love. (1cor 13:13)  question: if god is good and almighty, why is there evil in the world? why not an abundance of love? because? god not yet all in all. all of god in all (the universe). hmm. do read on. 

how did life come to be? did life come from some mysterious process of mixing cosmic soup together for billions of years? or did life come from a great powerful god?  

who or what is god?  and what is his name? some say his name is yahweh, or jehovah, or lord, or yehowah, or "i am," or allah. so what is god's name? or does a name really matter? read our book called the god papers (aka my god is the becoming-one) to understand who or what god is. the meaning of god’s name is the secret for understanding the good and evil paradoxes one sees in the old testament. the spelling and pronunciation of his name is not that important. everything about god: go here (immediate download)

 are you interested in why?   when you suffer and when you see others suffer, especially children, do you wonder why? can god be all powerful and yet be all good? what about evil? if god is all powerful why is there evil? how can one explain these paradoxes? yes, what about the problem of evil? is there a reason for evil?  what is evil? why was the tree of knowledge in the garden of eden not just the tree of knowledge of evil, but instead the tree of knowledge of good and evil? again, why evil? is there a law of knowledge?

 is there life after death? is our life futile and will it only end in a permanent death? is there a hell or a last judgment? is there a heaven? is there a real church of god? heaven or hell — what are they?

is there free will? or is everything predestinated? what about law versus grace? what is soul or spirit? or is there soul or spirit? or does any of this matter?

 what is christianity? what are the christian doctrines? to be a christian means you are following christ. christ gave his disciples the new commandment of love. love is patient, kind, not jealous, not arrogant, not unbecoming, is not easily provoked, rejoices in the truth and in all things good. but the bible speaks of hell, damnation, hell-fire, punishment, evil, demons and apparently an unending hell for the unbelievers. how can god be love and send people to hell forever? and what about sin, the ten commandments, the resurrection, heaven, the holy spirit, the kingdom of god and other subjects spoken about in the bible? there are so many opinions on these subjects. so what is the truth? is there a hell? do we have to keep the ten commandments? where does love come in? to get to the truth, the new mind papers cuts across barriers set up in modern religiosity and blind mindsets. you will be surprised at the real, and we mean real, good news of the teaching of jesus christ. god truly is love. heaven or hell — what are they? everything about christianity: go here (immediate download)

why did christ speak in parables?  "and the disciples came, and said unto him, why speakest thou unto them in parables?" (mat 13:10-16)  didn't christ want people to understand his message? look at christ's answer: "because it is given unto you [his disciples] to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given." (mat 13:11)  what does this mean? is the truth hidden? if the truth is hidden, why, at least according to popular christian beliefs, will those who do not believe, go to hell? is god fair? or is god's word being misrepresented by many churches? what about all those who never hear god's word? something is going on here. most churches don't understand it and they don't have any logical doctrine that explains it. they call it a "mystery" that god will work out. this is a cop out, and you know it. you don't have to believe their "mystery" explanation anymore.

daniel's prophecy was "sealed till the time of the end.... and none of the wicked shall understand; but the wise shall understand." (dan 12:9-10)

can we know the future? what about war? is armageddon around the corner? or is the new world order going to solve everything? what about prophecy? what about the beast of revelation? what about the man with the number 666? as of today there is no 10 nation group or man beast as mentioned in the book of revelations. we watch; we wait. do pandemics have anything to do with prophecy. everything about prophecy: go here (immediate download)











note for the above three graphics: at the top is a one-of-a-kind copy of the original 1971 chart, while below it is a version of the chart in a 1989 book, and the third chart at the bottom is the newest version (february 10, 2024), with additional verses and other information added. click on the each chart for additional information on their meaning. click on here or here for even more information. prophecy, what is it? when will this happen?

contradictions: do you wonder why the teachers of religion, politics, science, and other aspects of life seem to contradict each other? should paradoxes and contradictions matter? is there a law of contradiction?

we now live in the old age that is full of paradoxical opinion. everyone seems to have their own idea on what is and what is not good. there are many opinions on what is a good man, a good christian, a good muslim, a good agnostic, or a good....

there is good news, and lots of it. irrespective of the world around us today, there is good news. we are now in the age of confusion and hate, but a new age is coming wherein we will all live together in harmony. the bible called this the kingdom of god. there is a reason for the present age. the confusion isn't futile, even though it may seem so. you and i aren't perfect now, but we will be. the universe is headed towards a goal. the goal is harmony. the goal is becoming-one. there is a great power in control of the universe. read the god papers for the full information.

yet we are at war: good v. evil. a spiritual war that is. a war in which evil will begin to destroy the world very shortly with weapons of mass destruction. the true end of evil is total destruction. evil is rebellion against all that is good and just. but we have a savior who will not only save the decent ones, but also all the others from themselves. (see our "wrath papers" -- pr4, pr5 & pr6)

too many have cried "truth, truth." too many have wrongly followed. i have made mistakes; you have made mistakes; we all have, except one. but the truth will stand on its own, and manifest itself in due time.

woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil (isaiah 5:20). when you see the press, politicians, world leaders, and so-called religious leaders calling for tolerance of perversion and evil, then you know you have entered the zone of delusions: "for this reason god will send upon them a deluding influence so that they will believe what is false, in order that they all may be judged who did not believe the truth, but took pleasure in wickedness." (2 thes 2:11-12)  we should not take pleasure in evil; we who are in love hate evil (prov 8:13; amos 5:15; rom 12:9) and love the good. in context this quote is speaking about the time of the end when the man of sin appears. other scripture points out this man and how to identify him.

goal of creation. despite everything there is a grand goal in our universe: the universe will become one. you can't make it happen, nor can i. yet, all will becomeone by the great power, the real god. "jesus said to them, you err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of god." (mat 22:29) let us not err by not perceiving the great power of god. and that becoming oneness will be love. strive for love, even though most of us come short of it. 

read and study our web site.  for more information click the links on this page and then visit the rest of our web site by clicking on the pertinent links found at the top or the bottom of this page. 

jesus christ said: "i have many things yet to say to you, but you are not able to bear them now. however, when that one arrives, the spirit of the truth, he will guide you into all the truth, for he will not speak on his own, but the things he hears he will speak, and he will announce to you the things coming. that one will glorify me, because out of the things of mine he will receive and he will announce it to you. all things possessed by the father are mine." (john 16:12-15) 

most powerful person: we are the friends of the most powerful person in the universe if we do whatsoever he commands us. (john 15:14) what does he command us? that we love one another. (john 15:17) 

support our mission: buy one or more of our books: click on "our doctrine" at top of page.

sex, feminism and male chauvinism. in the beginning god made them male and female. (mark 10:6) so what good is it to prove you can do anything a man can do when you do not do what a man cannot do (have children)? what good is your self-glorifying chauvinism when you wouldn't be here without your mother and you would be a cold hard person without your mother's loving care? read the book: male & female: complementary partnership

the creation of woman
21and jehovah god caused a deep sleep to fall upon the man, and he slept; and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof: 22and the rib, which jehovah god had taken from the man, made he a woman, and brought her unto the man.
23and the man said, this is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called woman, because she was taken out of man.
24therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh. 25and they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. (gen 2:21-25-asv)

what about science? we use the scientific method to find the truth. the scientific method is different from "science." many fields of science use historical guess work instead of observations because they are trying to reconstruct the past without witnesses. they construct time lines from suppositions, not from reliable historical documents or reliable witnesses, and they ignore any evidence that is contrary to their theories. read a book on one such theory that is contrary to observation yet is taught as if it were absolutely true. einstein: light, time and relativity. 

if you hunger and thirst for the truth, you are on the right web site.

new commandment: 

love one another. (john 13:34; 14:15; 15:12)
bear with one another's burdens, and so fulfill the law of christ. (gal 6:2) real faith works through love. (gal 5:6)
love one another -- don't do evil to your neighbor: this fulfills the basic meaning of the old law. (rom 13:8-10)


basic beliefs: for out of him, and through him, and into him, all things. (rom 11:36) in order that may be the god all in all. (1cor 15:28) and now abides faith, hope, love ... but the greatest of these is love. (1cor 13:13) 

 
learn more: read all our papers and our books to understand more about our beliefs. 

faq: see our frequently asked questions. 

be a member: if you believe, then it is time to become a member. 

see a picture of our church. see a picture of our leader. 

see another version of our website here. 
or go here and donate $30 and receive our core beliefs in a pdf book of 564 pages

the new life in the kingdom of god when you are resurrected to the new life:

never die again
have a perfect body
have a perfect mind
be beautiful/handsome
never get old again
be happy, always
feel great, always
be loved, always
love, always
no fear
all this and more in a new heaven and earth



do good; take care of your body that god gave you; eat healthy (no drugs)

goal of creation: becoming-one

in the end --- god
god is love, peace, harmony
multiplicity in one; one in multiplicity
god, all in all... (1 cor 15:28)




       








 
all material on this web site is copyright © 1971 - 2025 by walter r. dolen

this site is the press of the becoming-one church: "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances." 

those of the world said: "we gave you strict orders not to continue teaching in this name, and yet, you have filled jerusalem with your teaching and intend to bring this man's [christ's] blood upon us."  but peter and the apostles answered: "we must obey god rather than men." (acts 5:28-29)

"all silencing of discussion is an assumption of infallibility ... but the peculiar evil of  silencing the expression of opinion is, that it is robbing the human race ... if the opinion is right, they are deprived of the opportunity of exchanging error for truth; if wrong, they lose, what is almost as great a benefit, the clearer perception and livelier impression of truth, produced by its collision with error." (john stuart mill, on liberty, chapter 2; see the quote here)
 
"tolerance of evil breeds more evil"

contact us:   e-mail

becoming-one church
founded by jesus christ in 1st century
religious corporation since 1977
section 501(c)(3) with section 508(c)(1)(a) — 
tax deductible under the usa tax law & common law & custom
go here and donate $30 and get our core beliefs in a pdf book of 564 pages.




may grace abound to all
37.46.112.100












 








