























avocado variety collection | college of natural & agricultural sciences
















skip to main content













skip to main content

college of natural and agricultural sciences





ucr home





search






quick links


find people


















uc riverside




 avocado variety collection 



college of natural & agricultural sciences









search






general


introduction


dry matter %


early history of the avocado in california


fruit colors & shapes


minimum maturity standard


avocado ratios


suggested range of nutrients for leaf analysis


the three avocado groups


tree heights


what kind of fruit is an avocado?


what's in a name?




avocado varieties


hass history


related species


unreleased varieties


beyond hass


variety list


avocado variety database




flowering


irrigation


phenology


rootstocks


israeli rootstocks


avocado tree heights


uc rootstocks




faqs


resources







ucr home







quick links


find people

























  





            avocado variety collection    






































 
uc riverside’s 70-year old avocado breeding programs house one of the most elite germplasm collections of scion and rootstock breeding material in the world.
 
















 
learn
learn about avocados; their history, groups, different shapes and tree heights.  here we have answers to your questions and more!
 
all about avocados
 












  





            a resource for researchers, farmers, and backyard growers.    




























            flowering    










            irrigation    










            phenology (temp image)    










            rootstocks    


















  
















 
avocado varieties
want to know about various types of avocados? want to look through a database of almost 1,000 avocado variety names? want information on species related to avocados? this is the place.
 
varieties
 
















latest news






















october 24, 2023

luna ucr avocado is one of time's '2023 best inventions'


              a new avocado variety that is the result of decades of painstaking tree breeding by uc riverside agricultural scientists has been selected as one of time's 2023 best inventions, the international news outlet announced tuesday, oct. 24. this recognition comes...

    
read more »




















august 14, 2023

a report from the groves:


              mary lu arpaia and eric focht have bred avocado trees in association with the university of california, riverside, for decades. in the video below, they describe their quest for a better avocado that resulted in the release this year of...

    
read more »




















july 10, 2023

ucr releases a new avocado tree to the world marketplace


              ucr news - a new avocado variety that’s more than a half-century in the making will soon be available to growers in the world marketplace. it’s called the luna ucr™ and offers consumers great flavor, a rind that turns a...

    
read more »




















june 14, 2023

university of california, riverside to release a new avocado scion cultivar ‘bl516’


              ucr office of technology partnerships - the university of california, riverside’s (ucr's) avocado scion breeding program began in the 1950’s and continues today under the guidance of dr. mary lu arpaia, professor of extension, subtropical horticulture. it has been a...

    
read more »






























university of california, riverside

900 university ave.
            riverside, ca 92521
tel: (951) 827-1012





avocado variety collection

             900 university ave.
            riverside, ca 92521                         








college of natural &
agricultural sciences
cnas dean's office
olmsted 2300
900 university ave
riverside, ca 92521







related links


college of natural & agricultural sciences














privacy and accessibility
report barrier to accessibility
terms and conditions
© 2024 regents of the university of california









let us help you with your search
×






enter your search criteria



search all ucr


search this site


cancel














