


home - zzounds music blog



















































 










guitars
bass
keyboard
recording
computer audio
live sound
drums
dj
accessories
















 



gear

features
news
gear history


guide

guitar workbench
studio solutions
beat connection
behind the kit
on the decks
the oscillator
buying guides


video

legends
gear demos
live streams
perfect pairings
iconic rigs


interview

artist interviews
creator spotlight
meet the makers


music

the musical almanac
music features


gear wire














mix sounding flat? here’s how to keep your drums punchy!
drums drive the rhythm and energy of a track, but getting them to cut through a dense mix without overpowering other elements can be a challenge. whether you’re mixing a hard-hitting rock track or a tight, modern pop beat, keeping your drums punchy and present requires a balance of eq, compression, transient shaping, and strategic […]

vinyl turntable setup: build your perfect home record system
how to build a guitar pedalboard for under $500


ultra-low-latency wireless headphones arrive
tube amps under $1000: we compared marshall vs. fender. vs. vox












1 month ago gear demos

video: prs standard 24 satin demo and a chat with alex from prsprs takes an exciting visual and sonic approach to the standard series with the prs standard 24 satin. check out our video demo and conversation with alex chadwick from prs to learn more about this incredible axe! jan 15, 2025myles
watch video




1 month ago gear demos

video: the mesa/boogie ’90s dual rectifier revives the golden age of nu metal tone!the ’90s were an incredible time for metal, with bands like korn, alice in chains, metallica, and many more making use of the iconic mesa/boogie dual rectifier to achieve each of their legendary sounds. now, the amp that led the way is back to conquer today’s stages, with mesa/boogie’s modern recreation. check out our demo […]
watch video




1 month ago features

how does prs build guitars? take a factory tour with us!this past october, the zzounds crew had the opportunity to tour the prs factory in stevensville, maryland, about an hour outside baltimore. during our walkthrough, we received a deep history lesson on the company, factory operations, and paul reed smith himself. we experienced every part of the build process associated with crafting a prs guitar, […]
read




1 month ago studio solutions

add excitement to your mixes with the uad hitsville reverb plug-inever notice the lively ambience of vocal, drum, and instrument tracks on ’60s motown classics? that distinctive sound is due in large part to the unique house-turned-studio purchased by motown founder berry gordy, the attic of which was converted into a reverb chamber that became one of the most characterful reverb sounds ever recorded. in […]
read




1 month ago gear demos

our top videos of 2024the top videos of 2024 as we prepare to say goodbye to 2024, we’re taking some time to look back on the year in zzounds videos! scroll through to find our most-viewed and favorite videos of the year, and see what makes the gear in them so special. we’ll be back with plenty more videos […]
read




2 months ago gear demos

video: the mark iic+ is back!attention mesa/boogie lovers: your dream tone just got a little more accessible! the legendary amp manufacturer’s latest reissue of their coveted mark iic+ model offers the perfect solution for players who want authoritative tone of any style. from punchy cleans to the most punishing distortion, the mark iic+ has everything you could ever want. available […]
watch video




3 months ago features

idles’ lee kiernan helps design a pedal for earthquaker devices, names it garya simple request from idles’ lee kiernan for a compact version of earthquaker devices‘ now discontinued gray channel has turned into a fuzz-packed, overdrive-heavy, speaker-ripping (simulated), monster named gary. gary offers a vast range of dirty tones, and some that aren’t dirty at all. from ripping, phase-shifted fuzz to a clean boost with a little […]
read




3 months ago gear demos

video: prs celebrates 40 years with two jaw-dropping models!for the past four decades, prs have held a unique place in the music industry building visually and sonically striking guitars. to celebrate their rich history, prs have crafted two unforgettable anniversary models: the 40th anniversary custom 24 and the 40th anniversary mccarty dragon! celebrate 40 years of prs with these awesome guitars, and check […]
watch video




3 months ago meet the makers

andy powers talks taylor guitars’ 50-year legacy, commemorative models, and moresince its founding in 1974, taylor guitars has continually pioneered the art of modern acoustic guitar craftsmanship. to celebrate this incredible milestone, taylor has released a series of limited-edition 50th anniversary guitars! as the culmination of five decades of guitar-building experience, it should come as no surprise that these instruments pay homage to the company’s […]
watch video


page 1 of 12412345...102030...»last »












  social networks  














  about zzounds  
since 1996, zzounds has been making it easy for musicians to get the gear they need. with our easy monthly payment plans, you can get the music gear you need today -- and split the cost into monthly installments on your existing credit card. zzounds ships from multiple warehouses across the continental united states, so we can cover most of our customers within a day or two. our customer service team is staffed with real musicians. they don't get paid on commission -- they get paid to help you! looking for the best prices? don't miss our big deals weekly specials, used gear on clearance, and the drop for monthly promos, sales, and special offers.



  contact us  
have questions or comments on our blog? email blog@zzounds.com

zzounds gear experts are available seven days a week to answer any of your questions on gear, shipping, returns, and more. give us a call and get help from a fellow musician today!

800-zzounds (800-996-8637)








 2025 © zzounds music  |  cookie settings  |  privacy policy  |  do not sell/share  |  notice at collection  |  copyright  |  terms of use for great deals on gear, shop at zzounds





















