








welcome to the stevenson house, - stevenson house





































































skip to content

 




 we’ll be happy to help. call us today: +44 (0)131 556 1896
 


top rightsearch 













stevenson housethe former home of robert louis stevenson in edinburgh 



 primary navigation menu

menu
welcome
the house

 b&b
meet & eat


services
history
news

terms & conditions
privacy statement
cookie policy




 

































 






welcome to the stevenson house,




welcome to the stevenson house,
one of edinburgh’s most unusual hospitality venues.
built between 1802 and 1806, the stevenson house is a typical georgian new town house which has always been in private ownership and is still used as the family home for john & felicitas macfie as well as their six children.
having trained as an hotel manager in lausanne, felicitas macfie realised the potential of the stevenson house to be used as a venue for hosting lunches, dinners, receptions and conferences. the house retains all of its original architectural features and has the atmosphere of an elegant family home rather than a commercial venue.
we pride ourselves on giving very individual service and tailoring each event to the needs of our clients. whether you are a private client or a large corporation, you are given maximum flexibility and a whole range of services to suit your every wish and even a few whims.
check out the facility information, email your enquiries, or just look at the photographs of the house. make use of our website and tell others about it!



























merken


2017-04-10










dine
enjoy the special atmosphere of our georgian home to treat your guests, clients, family and especially yourself. 

know more


 





stay
edinburgh's most famous private residence awaits you with open arms.  enjoy fabled scottish hospitality.

know more


 





meet
the house is open for meetings/ screenings/ seminars or whatever else you needan inner city magnificent space for.

know more


 





instagram 


follow me!





let us be at your service
know more


 
whisky tour
whisky or "the water of life" as the scots know it is probably scotland's best known export ...read more

event tickets
with so many different festivals and events happening in edinburgh, the search for the right ...read more

wilderness walk
the scottish countryside is literally begging to be explored on foot. having done our fair bit over the past decades, ...read more

scottish castles & stately homes
there are hundreds of scottish castles to explore and having visited a fair share of them, we can put together ...read more

the perfect set
over the years, the stevenson house has been the set for a wonderful variety of tv shows and films, both ...read more

country tour
have you long dreamed of exploring the misty magical north of great britain ? as both john and felicitas are ...read more

city tour
scotland's capital offers you many days of exploring. thanks to excellent transport links you can use edinburgh ...read more

historical tour
scotland has been the scene of many historical events and once you have told us in which era you are ...read more
 





  from our guestbook

 




quiet memorable weekend
★★★★★ a very restful weekend in edinburgh new town only a few minutes from the exclusive shops and restaurants. extremely quiet location , little traffic and no television or radio to disturb the peace.read more →






an exceptionally warm welcome in a historic home
★★★★★ we spent a couple of days in edinburgh to celebrate the 21st birthday of our son who is studying there. being a guest in the stevenson house with the scottish-german macfie family meant coming home read more →






friendly family home
★★★★ i spent three nights at the macfie family home. i was made very welcome and i was very comfortable in my top floor room. the ensuite bathroom is very modern with a very good shower. read more →






quirky, charming, lovely
★★★★★ my husband and i stayed for 3 nights in early july and enjoyed the gracious hospitality of the macfie family. this is a true b&b: you are staying in someone's home. but it's a spectacular home read more →






 









inspiration
by the macfie family

 


 
 

markets in edinburgh
with the taste for home-grown foods and artisan markets increasing, edinburgh has respondedread more →


 


 
 

cineasts love the cameo cinema
the cameo is an edinburgh cinema which started life as the king’s cinema on 8 january 1914 and is oneread more →


 


 
 

happy gardening
the macfies are avid gardeners with their own allotment in inverleith park. if you are interested in botanicalread more →


 


 
 

edinburgh & harry potter fans
as every harry potter knows, j.k. rowling wrote the majority of her series in edinburgh, especially the firstread more →


 


 
 

fringe festival
every august, coinciding with the international festival, edinburgh is host to the fringe festival whereread more →







 





find out more


facilities of the stevenson house
history of the stevenson house
get the full picture of the house
b&b at the stevenson house
meet and eat at the stevenson house
services offered by the macfie family
tips & news
reading list
recipes
take advantage of the actual offer
 





 
 

 dining offer :
book four weeks in advance for a dinner
from september to april and
receive a free aperitif.
min. 10 guests and subject to availability
 what a great offer !  
 

 

 
 

 






the rls website
find out more









					twitter feed is not available at the moment.                





 





the really terrible orchestra
find out more



 



 





literature news
find out more









					twitter feed is not available at the moment.                





 















find us here
17 heriot row | edinburgh eh3 6hp | scotland tel/fax: +44 (0)131 556 1896 | mail@www.stevenson-house.com




 












the stevenson house in edinburgh

 





central









authentic









happy guests









free wifi









24/7 support



 


 






run by
macfie trading company
the stevenson house | 17 heriot row | edinburgh eh3 6hp | scotland
tel/fax: +44 (0)131 556 1896  
mail@stevenson-house.co.uk contact@stevenson-house.com

terms & conditions 

































