








vna of florida| in home health care agency







































































increase font 
 decrease font 
 greyscale 
 highlight links 
 regular font 
 reset 





































  







call 1.800.318.0399



careers
articles
faqs
bill pay
partnerships

























    





contact us







health services
skilled nursing
home health aides
therapy services
high risk patient programs
care management
pediatric care
private duty services
why us
our caregivers
our history
service areas
foundation
mobile medical clinic
events
assisted living



                menu close  















 








new to home health care?
let us walk you through the process from start to finish, so you’ll know what to expect.
learn more










hospital-to-home program
lack of support following a hospital stay or surgery is a leading cause of readmission. we are experts in post-hospitalization care and can ensure you have a safe transition home. 
learn more










you can make a difference
our charitable foundation allows us to serve the unmet medical needs of our community members, plus so much more. 
learn more










4 out of 5 stars!
we’re rated 4 stars by the centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms) because our patients improve and are less likely to return to the hospital. 







 







for 45 years, visiting nurse association of florida (vna) has been the first choice for florida residents in need of quality home health care services.


        visiting nurse association of florida is a medicare-certified home health agency that provides award-winning health care for patients in the comfort of their own homes,
        including post-surgical care, alzheimer’s monitoring, care following a hospital stay, physical therapy, and much more.


        we currently serve 22 counties throughout florida and accept various forms of payment for home health services, including medicare, medicaid, private health
        insurances, veterans benefits, self-pay, and long-term care benefits.


        with a record of health care excellence that spans over four decades, you can trust visiting nurse association of florida to care for you or your loved one with compassion,
        professionalism, and respect.


        we invite you to browse our website, including our resources, faqs, and home health services page, for
        information about visiting nurse association and the services we provide.


        for additional information or to request a free in-home consultation with a vna registered nurse, please fill out our contact form or give us a
        call. we're always here to help.



call 1-800-318-0399





















        why choose the vna of florida?





not all home health care providers are
        created equal. 














most trusted


our decades of experience - 45 years and counting - provide us with the knowledge, skills, and expertise needed to be your most trusted home
        health care provider.  















high risk patient programs


we offer specialized programs designed to support and enhance the
        health and wellbeing of patients living with one or more chronic conditions.
















professional caregivers


all vna caregivers are licensed or certified and must pass
        level 2 federal, state, local background checks prior to being hired.















community giveback


we care about our neighbors, patients, and friends in the areas we serve. through our
        visiting nurse
        foundation, we provide free medical care, back-to-school physicals, scholarships for nursing students, and much more.  














        comments or questions? contact us!



contact



















        serving 22 counties in florida


        we currently serve 22 counties throughout florida


        - alachua
         
        - broward
 - citrus

        - hardee
        - hernando
        - hillsborough- lake 


         

- levy
        

        - manatee


        - marion


        - martin


        - okeechobee



        - palm beach

- pasco

- pinellas


        - polk


        - st. lucie
- sumter 


        stuart headquarters


2400 se monterey road

stuart, fl 34996
         772-286-1844











         




great visiting home health nurse
"i have a great visiting home health nurse. she has answered my questions and has been thoughtful and kind to me at all times, too. i would recommend her and her agency to all who need these services."




tracy r.
the vna of florida is an amazing organization... you can trust that your loved ones will be treated with dignity and respect... i would highly recommend this agency to anyone who wants their loved one to remain at home.




a. tucker
debbie is an excellent therapist. she was my pt for an injured shoulder. she is punctual and a good communicator.




a shining example
vna nurse paige is a shining example of what every visiting nurse should be. she is a true professional who is caring, extremely knowledgeable, honest, and a joy to work with.i would highly recommend her to anyone.




haili yu, cna
"haili is so kind, nice, and helpful. she does her job well. we are really greatful to have her."
                                        – richard l.                                           vna client




lara smolinski, cna
"lara remained calm and professional when my mother-in-law began having heart issues, which helped us stay calm. she made a bad day so much better, and it would have gone much differently if she wasn't there."
                         – ann p.                              vna clent




five stars!
recently i had hip replacement surgery & required physical therapy. vna sent the most caring & knowledgeable p.t. specialist to my house. i highly commend ana c. for everything she did to help me on my road to recovery from my surgery. she deserves recognition!! thank you!
                             -  susan m.




 











        leave us a review




        we would be extremely grateful if you left us a review on one of these networks.


































 






        visiting nurse foundation


        providing life-changing medical care for the uninsured, under-insured, and indigent members or our community.



get involved









        upcoming events





















				  may 5, 2025
							





charity golf tournament

charity golf tournament

proceeds to benefit the visiting nurse foundation

neka martin at 772.286.1844   ext. 1012



learn more
















				  october 19, 2024
							





clay shoot

11th annual charity clay shoot
proceeds to benefit the visiting nurse foundation
call neka martin at 772.286.1844 ext. 1012



learn more





















   






        visiting nurse association of florida is a nonprofit, medicare-certified home-health agency that provides award-winning health care for patients in the comfort of own homes. we currently
        serve more than 22 counties throughout florida and accept various forms of payment, including medicaid, medicare, most private health insurances,  long-term
        care insurance, va benefits, self-pay, health savings accounts and more.





stuart headquarters


        visiting nurse association of florida
        
        2400 se monterey rd ste 300
        
        stuart, fl 34996
        
1.800.318.0399


        fax: 866-227-6562


        licensing info: 21258096, 21238096, 299991442, 299992074, 29991370, 21984096, 299995966, al1944, al12585, al12919







homelink


notice of privacy practices


home health services


why us


service areas


foundation


assisted living


faqs


careers


contact us


donate









© copyright
              2025            
visiting nurse association of florida




privacy policy | site by morweb.org























