


home - league of women voters of charlotte mecklenburg

























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








member loginmenuhomeabout about us president's voice lwvcm leadership our impact brief / recent history newsletter lunch with the league lwvcm book club league talk contact us renew or become a member winter 2025 fundraiser eventsaction teams league in action civics 101 programs education environ & sustain health  voter services women's issues redistricting reform vote411 action team specialty license plate shop & support donations






empowering voters. defending democracy.empowering voters. defending democracy.empowering voters. defending democracy.empowering voters.  defending democracy.winter 2024 fundraising campaign winter 2024 fundraiserkeyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right•••••






see what's on your ballot
check your voter registration
find your polling place
learn about candidates
and much more!

visit vote411.org.






our impact
the league of women voters is a nonpartisan, grassroots organization working to 
protect and expand voting rights and ensure everyone is represented in our democracy. 

learn more










upcoming events
  


upcoming events
upcoming events






follow lwvcm on league in action!

  
 



league action alerts

action alert - urge your members of congress to oppose the save act.

action alert - information for voters challenged in the election protest concerning the state supreme court justice contest.


action alert - tell the ncga to uphold the veto of senate bill 382, an aid package for hurricane helene-affected counties which also includes changes in how state and local governments perform many functions, including:  elections, judiciary, the attorney general's office, executive appointment, the highway patrol, zoning powers for local governments, and others.  contact your representatives and urge them to sustain the veto and support western nc with a direct package.



action alert - ask your us senators and representative to support s.j. resolution 4, which eliminates the deadline for the ratification of the equal rights amendment and clears the way for its final inclusion in the constitution. 
 
stay informed about current issues and actions in the nc legislature in the league of women voters' weekly nc legislative update.













civics 101
our signature and engaging mini-series about how local government works in north carolina.


learn more











education






environment






health 










redistricting reform






voter services






women's issues



















president's
voice











clt league newsletter










 
join/renew membership









book club







the league of women voters of charlotte mecklenburg assumes no responsibility for the currency, accuracy, or legality of content from external links on this site.







follow us
share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter

shop & supporteventsvolunteers
contact us
terms of use
privacy policy



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









