


 
















senior living in reynoldsburg | home | wesley ridge















































skip to main content
















independent living
assisted living
nursing & rehabilitation
memory support
fitness and wellness
events
community portal
contact us



				2225 taylor park drive
				
				reynoldsburg, ohio,
				43068
			


schedule a tour



return to life enriching communities homepage
        









wesley ridge





when you choose life at wesley ridge, you’ll be starting your next chapter the way you imagined – with the freedom to do what you love most.
call to learn more: 614-759-0023






schedule a tour

















 
















life the way you envisioned it





maintenance around the house and daily upkeep were the realities of yesterday. doing what brings you happiness and leaving your worries behind – the time for that is now. you’ve planned for this stage of your life and you deserve to enjoy it.
a continuing care retirement community offers you peace of mind now for the obstacles you may face later. life the way you envisioned it is just one decision away.













who are you searching for?



















myself
explore options













a loved one
explore options






















 











a complete continuum of services









independent living






assisted living






nursing & rehabilitation






memory support






fitness & wellness






community involvement






hospice services



 



















see the community yourself wesley ridge 

 











featured news & events





discover what’s happening in our community!



















upcoming events
learn more













lec foundation
learn more













way of wellness
learn more






















 











q&a with our head chef





darrell grimmett, regional director of dining





“creativity often needs to come off of the plate and into the room. food is always easier than people. lead with compassion and always be aware that your vulnerability is your strength.”






read q&a


















aging well is unique to everyone. see how we can support you.





















fitness & wellness the harcum fitness & aquatic center focuses on body and mind wellness with a certified personal trainer. learn more 



 











events & programs relax at home or hit the town – the opportunities to find what interests you are endless! 



 



















volunteer give the gift of giving. learn how you can make a difference. 



 











stay informed be in-the-know with everything happening on campus with the community portal. learn more 



 











spirituality we welcome all faiths and offer ways for you to honor your traditions and follow your beliefs with our chaplain. 



 











nearby communities





want to see our other communities in columbus?
check them out below!



















wesley glen
 over-looking one of the many clintonville ravines, wesley glen allows you to live your best life.

explore wesley glen













wesley woods
 nestled in vibrant new albany, wesley woods is a sanctuary for retirees and those retiring soon.

explore wesley woods


















what are my senior living options?





with this quick guide, learn about costs, amenities, housing options, and more.





























life in one of our locations looks the way you choose. from what you eat for breakfast to how you spend your days, you’re in control. as a continuing care retirement community and not-for-profit, we’re here to help you fulfill your goals.

schedule a tour





lifestyle options


about


resources


careers







twin towers
cincinnati, ohio
513-853-2000




twin lakes
montgomery, ohio
513-247-1300




concord reserve
westlake, ohio
440-871-0090




wesley ridge
reynoldsburg, ohio
614-759-0023




wesley woods
new albany, ohio
(614) 924-0030




wesley glen
columbus, ohio
614-888-7492






lec communities are certified by the ohio department of aging to provide basic assisted living services as well as assisted living memory care services.  we accept individuals who are enrolling in the assisted living waiver program or mycare ohio.




















notice of healthcare privacy practices


non-discrimination policy


website terms of use & privacy policy


code of conduct











close










close





we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 






