











art craft world - the best guide for the artsy and crafter






















































		skip to content










art craft world
 



homeblogaboutcrafts and hobbiesartsreviewsmenu toggle

avocado cutter 3-in-1: tool review black+decker ld120va review: lightweight drill kit dewalt dcs570b review: cordless circular saw analysis top 7 best acrylic paint brushes review in 2022 best meditation benches best circular saws for beginners reviews
 





 










					art craft world
				


				where art meets life
			
 







main menu

 









homeblogaboutcrafts and hobbiesartsreviewsmenu toggle

avocado cutter 3-in-1: tool review black+decker ld120va review: lightweight drill kit dewalt dcs570b review: cordless circular saw analysis top 7 best acrylic paint brushes review in 2022 best meditation benches best circular saws for beginners reviews
 











art craft world
 



homeblogaboutcrafts and hobbiesartsreviewsmenu toggle

avocado cutter 3-in-1: tool review black+decker ld120va review: lightweight drill kit dewalt dcs570b review: cordless circular saw analysis top 7 best acrylic paint brushes review in 2022 best meditation benches best circular saws for beginners reviews
 





 







 







main menu

 









homeblogaboutcrafts and hobbiesartsreviewsmenu toggle

avocado cutter 3-in-1: tool review black+decker ld120va review: lightweight drill kit dewalt dcs570b review: cordless circular saw analysis top 7 best acrylic paint brushes review in 2022 best meditation benches best circular saws for beginners reviews
 










 


 
art work
artwork is unlimited and has no boundaries as it can be done in various ways. interestingly, art can be hammered in a vacuum, created in wistful expatriates, and many other ways to express and communicate a message. sometimes art can occur just organically through the natural landscape. however, much powerful art has resulted from experts’ crafting cultural and political touchstones.
in most cases, most art is always in preserved places like museums and private collections to ensure their preservation for future generations. despite many works of art, only a few artists express the confluence of intent, artistic genius, and strong emotions. amazingly, these works of art can be scorched into the collective consciousness and expressed in different creative designs with varying sizes and shapes on stationary walls, coffee mugs, physically stage in important places, and many more to capture the attention of everyone around.
artwork is a practice that was embraced long ago in history. as time goes, history has sought to categorize the artistic styles and movements, geography, and epochs. these well-known categories include arts that communicate impressionism, romanticism, antiquity, the middle age, and realism.
the most famous works of art worldwide have gained popularity by being supported by technology through internet databases, museums websites, scholarly books and journals that author different arts worldwide.
1. art décor
art décor, also known as style moderne, is a decoration style that focuses on expressing wealth and sophistication to establish art tradition, elegance and sleekness. the art décor converts modernism into fashion. some of these products that always applied by the style include individually crafted luxury items and other mass-produced wares.
the amazing thing is that art decor contains distinguishing features of different types which comprise of clean shapes, sometimes streamlined ornaments that may appear geometrical and stylized forms. such materials used are often expensive. they mostly comprise artificial substances. various substances used to make art décor include; silver, jade, ivory, chrome, rock crystal, vita glass bakelite, and many morethere are many types of art décor from around the world which of them include;
• decorative arts
these arts are more concerned with designing and decorating objects that are chiefly prized for their utility. some of the best decorative items include ceramics, basketry, jewelry, metalware, furniture, clothing, textiles, and many more.
• chrysler building the office building in new york city is designed with the art décor skyscraper. the building has a sunburst patterned stainless steel spire that holds the record of the most striking features of the manhattan skyline. amazingly the chrysler building is one of the tallest buildings in 1930.
• eva zeisel
the hungarian-born american industrial designer ceramist designer is well remembered for his practical, beautiful tableware bearing a unique amalgamation of modern and classical design aesthetics which is a good representation of art.
2. oil pastel painting
oil pastel painting is one of the interesting and exciting forms of art. oil pastel is a drawing and painting tool with oil mixed with materials. the art comprises a painting and a drawing medium formed into a stick with a pigment mixed with a binder mixture of wax and nondrying oil. oil pastels come in different forms, and it depends on one preference. some of the commonly used types of pastels include;
• soft pastels. these types of pastels are normally used when painting larger surface areas because they always dissolve quickly.• hard pastels. hard pastels are mostly used to perform specific strokes.• pastel pencils. pastel pencils are always between the soft and hard pastels with wooden protective casing. these types of pastels are always used for sketching and making details.
however, oil pastels are most preferred because they are much chunkier. they are relatively recent creations. these oil paintings can be applied to various materials such as colored papers, wood, canvas, and sandpaper. importantly, artwork created through oil pastels can be very flexible as painters and illustrators can express their thoughts, emotions, and feelings through different shapes and colors. nevertheless, oil pastels allow painters to explore the multiskilling of the oil pastel painting tool in both abstract and realistic works of art.
in conclusion, oil pastel was a tool born from searching for freedom. the first person to use the art was looking for freedom; hence oil pastels are a creative way of using artwork to pass the message.
3. coffee painting on canvas
coffee painting on canvas is normally on a blank, gesso primed canvas. the canvas is then painted white with a few layers of titanium white acrylic. the white contrast on the canvas is always striking, and therefore it looks better when it is white as possible.
eventually, after a few coats of white titanium. painters finally choose their subject and start by creating a template. these templates are always made of poster board or thick card stock paper. after sketching the issue, you then cut the template for a few useful reasons such as;

cutting the template reduces pencil sketch marks on the canvas.
it allows the painter to keep an inventory of the subjects and designs.

using the template allows the painter to make a unique piece every time the subject or design is reused. importantly, the design is transferred to the canvas using a light pencil outline after the template is complete.
after transferring the design, the painter can determine whether the subject should be portrayed in coffee or the negative space. meanwhile, after the painter decides his subject, they mask the areas which should be protected from coffee stains before spilling the coffee. the process of spilling the coffee requires a lot of creativity to avoid messing up the design.
eventually, the painters complete the process by layering with about 15 to 20 layers of coffee drying each layer after it spilled and then unmasking to reveal the protected area. the final step is outlining coffee with ink and making the art look captivating.
4. coffee painting portrait
coffee painting portrait is one of the ways of artwork where painters use an instant coffee powder as the painting medium. the results of coffee painting are always very impressive as it creates a vintage look when used as paint. though coffee painting always produces a single shade with different values, the monochromatic effect produced by the coffee is one of a kind.
for the coffee painting portrait, some basic materials are needed for the painting process to be successful. the materials used include instant coffee powder, berkeley watercolor paper, a graphite pencil, and three paintbrushes of different sizes, water, and a paint palette.first, you start by mixing different shades of coffee in the painting palette, beginning with the lightest to the darkest. secondly, you can sketch your subject using graphite pencil. after drawing the sketch, you can darken the important part outlines.
using the different shades from the painting palette, the painter can apply the paint in other parts of the sketch, applying different shades in different regions, making the paint look more colorful and attractive.
in conclusion, coffee paintings can produce monochromatic paintings with just a household supply. even though the color may change to dull as the paint dries up, coffee painting is not a bad idea. hence through coffee paintings, painters can still express their love, feelings, and artistic genius through artwork.
5. poster color art
poster color painting is a form of artwork creativity where non-toxic paint is mixed with water and becomes a safe paint for use. through creativity and imagination, poster paint can express different types of information, feelings, and thoughts. the amazing benefit of poster color paintings is that it is cheap, colorful, and has a fine texture allowing artists to explore the best of their expertise.
poster paint is a recognized medium for artwork that fits everyone. first and foremost, you can use an easel with paper held tightly with clips. additionally, poster paints can be applied to other mediums like a canvas and wood. getting a palette or even a non-spill spray can help spread your artistic wings. the painter can then apply the paint on individual sections making vibrant new colors and tones.
after painting the picture, you can hang it to dry so that it can become more natural and attractive. importantly it is good to find a suitable painting brush to offer quality services. choosing long-handled paintbrushes can have striking results. additionally, returning the leads on the paints will maximize the life of the poster paint.
in conclusion, poster paints can be a great way of expressing artwork gently. having the right materials and some form of experience can keep you going.
6. mobile arts
mobiles artwork is a type of sculpture designed to light and delicate components suspended in the space. their direction is always determined by air currents or, in some instances, motor power. this type of kinetic sculpture is always constructed to take advantage of the principle of equilibrium.
normally these design contains several rods objects hanging. the object suspended from the rods balance each other, remaining horizontal and free to rotate in any direction. moreover, the hanging objects are always spaced together to prevent them from coming into contact.most of these mobile arts are used for different purposes; for example, some mobile arts are kept in the nursery and hung-over cribs to entertain infants and for visual stimulation. some others are also used for shooting videos to add some attraction in the video. some of the common types of mobile artwork include;
a) kinetic art. these types of mobile arts always depend on motion for their effects.b) sculpture art. sculptured arts are often in three dimensions made through four basic processes: carving, modeling, casting, and constructing themc) abstract act. these types of art never attempt to represent an accurate depiction of visual reality, but they rather use it.
mobile arts require some skill to make them, and they have a lot of advantages, especially in nurseries, to boost infants’ sight.
7. art accessories
artwork accessories are color patterns and themes designed to select art and accessories around someone’s home. the design depends on people’s preferences, where most people use artwork accessories to have a unique individual lifestyle. looking for the best artwork accessories can be a great idea especially selecting varieties that fit your lifestyle.
sometimes it can be difficult to choose which art accessories to have, but mixing different types of statement pieces, picture frames, and small plants, all with the various color flow that match the space, can make them more interesting.
consequently, there are also art accessories that artists may want to use in their painting works to ensure they make the best out of their skills. some of these artwork accessories include pencils like derwent pencils which are the best for sketching. other art accessories include erasers, hand-back sketchbooks, watercolor papers, and many more. in addition, there are art accessory mediums such as canvas, masonite which artists cannot do without in their work.
in conclusion, artwork accessories are numerous and of different varieties; therefore, it depends on people’s preferences on different styles, designs, and materials used to make them.
8.  arts and crafts hobbies
hobbies, arts and crafts are ways to make life better by doing some crafting as hobbies to boost our mood, relieve stress, and improve cognitive abilities. some crafting activities which are fun can be really interesting and enjoyable. to start with, some prefer doing different crafting activities as hobbies.
for example, painting is one of the hobbies. some people have turned painting into a hobby by painting things they love and advancing their skills. another crafting hobby is knitting. although knitting is a traditional hobby used in the past, it can be a good way to boost mood and exercise your body.
another captivating hobby that one can engage himself with is hand lettering. hand lettering is a more relaxed form of calligraphy where you can draw without trying hard as it is a simple form of a hobby. you can start with a standard typeface as a guide and proceed to make decorative touches such as curlicues and leafy laurels. although the hand lettering is old-fashioned, with a few personalization on cards, chalkboard signs, and gifts of all kinds, the hobby can turn out to be interesting and appealing.
bullet journaling is one of the open method crafting hobbies as there is no specified way of doing it; hence one can get in his preferred way. the advantage of bullet journalism is cataloging his daily meditations and errands. these may include pictures, tokens, and remnants of memories. you can also have a planned future of events and projects you would wish to accomplish in bullet journalism.
9. calligraphy art

calligraphy art is the art of forming and showing creativity by arranging the symbols by hand so that more beautiful. it is a set of skills and techniques for positioning and inscribing words as they display integrity, ancestry, and harmony.
calligraphers mostly use the calligraphy alphabet to form something natural and attractive with hand-penned lettering. both old techniques and modern ones can be amazing, creating very attractive art. some of the materials in calligraphy works include quills, reservoirs, calligraphy pens, and flat nibs.
calligraphers mostly use modern tools to develop fancy new styles and complete their artwork with the traditional types of equipment to polish their work. however, a lot of practice is required to produce the best quality calligraphy arts.
most calligraphers design various things, including shop signs and product labels. they also design certificates and formal invitational cards that can require the skill of calligraphers.despite the modern technology where smartphones and laptops have interrupted calligraphers, calligraphy is still in demand, especially for companies and agencies engaged in design works. some of the job employment for calligraphers may include;


event organizations to pen invitations


education bodies to create diplomas and degrees


 graphic design firms to create typesets and fronts


shops and restaurants to develop signage


in conclusion, calligraphy artwork is a skill with many open jobs and a valuable skill.
10. clay modeling
clay modeling is the art of using malleable substances used in the building and sculpting of different items. however, there are different types of clay depending on the things to be made. some of the common types of clays include;
1) ceramic clay
ceramic clays are often water-based substances obtained from clay materials and other raw materials. these materials are then baked in very high temperatures through firing to produce ceramics. these ceramic items include terra, cotta, earthenware, stoneware, and porcelain.
2) oil-based clay
the advantage of oil-based clay is that it never dries up because of the oil. these types of clay tend to be malleable even when for a long time in dry environments. oil-based clay comes in many different colors and is non-toxic hence safe for use. additionally, it can also be reused several times. i-based clay is mostly used by animation artists who need to make curves and move their models. oil-based clay may be used to several genericized trademarks, for example, plasticine,prastiina and prastilin.
3) polymer clay
polymer clay is a bit different from other forms of clay as it cures when heated to high temperatures and neither change shape nor shrink during the process of heating. it is mostly found in craft and hobby stores and sometimes used by artists, children, and hobbyists. the most common polymer clays include; fimo, sculpey, and kato polyclay.
11. wool knitting
wool knitting is a beloved pastime for many, from grandmothers to kids. there are many knitting patterns with a tranquil process of purling and knitting. there are many types of pattern knitting. the most common are; filling knits comprising plain, purl, rib, design, and double knits. the other type is warp knits, including tricot, raschel, and milanes. knitting can produce really attractive items in the house.
wool knitting can create various items, including hats, scarves, blankets, slippers. many knitters may use different designs depending on their preferences.many knitting materials are required for knitters to do their work effectively and efficiently. some of these materials include;
• knitting needles. choosing the best hand depending on size and diameter can boost some efficiency in your work.• stitch markers. stitch markers are slipped over the hand to mark a certain number of stitches in a row, increasing or decreasing them and allowing any repetition in the knitting pattern.• stitch gauge stitch gauge helps in measuring the stitches and rows. this equipment contains a flat surface with a ruler where it helps in lining up a window tanda row of stitches.• row counter in the process of knitting, sometimes patterns may call for increase or decrease and vary in the patterns; hence, the row counter tool helps keep track of the number of knit rows.
12. the art of quilting
the art of quilting is a powerful and interesting journey of venturing into color and inspiration through imagination and expression. experts have continued to expand the art of quilting by producing and crafting more adorable quilting arts.first and foremost, quilting has therapeutic properties as it allows us to slow down and lose track of time. in the same way, engaging in quilting art brings some relaxation and unburdening our minds.
to perform the art of quilting, you need some tools to help you complete the project successfully. some of the materials required include fabric shears and scissors. rotary cutters and replacement blades are also required. self-healing cutting mats are also required. seam rippers and acrylic rulers are some of the basic materials needed. additionally, sewing machines, pins, and thread are also necessary.
through the art of quilting which requires some expertise, can also provide a source of employment as artists can sell their skills in craft shows and consignment storescraft shows and consignment stores. there are also many opportunities for quilters to make an income through the art of quilting.
in conclusion, the artwork is very diverse, with many benefits to both the artists and people involved with artwork at large. artwork is also a great way of expressing thoughts, feelings, and emotions.
•
.
.








enjoy the eye-opening free pdf report above – receive it in your inbox instantly!

 




 



 




congratulations!

		your free pdf report is on the way. if it does not arrive within the next minute, please check your spam folders.
		




sharepintweet0 shares




 







 













copyright @ 2024 art craft world | powered by art craft world
 







scroll to top


















 

