
































































wisc news | daily citizen | wiscnews.com




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















0°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























our sites


baraboo news republic



beaver dam daily citizen



columbus journal



juneau county star-times



portage daily register



reedsburg times-press



sauk prairie eagle



wisconsin dells events




news


local



crime and courts



state & regional



politics



business



national



news-tip




obituaries


recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives



share a story




opinion


columnists




sports


high school



baseball



basketball



football



college



professional




life & entertainment


celebrations



columns



comics



contests



dining



event calendar



fashion



food & cooking



games and puzzles



health



home & garden



music



outdoors



parenting



people



pets



play



travel



gamesnacks




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




buy and sell


place an ad



jobs



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




print edition


baraboo e-edition



beaver dam e-edition



portage e-edition



e-edition archives




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



subscriber services



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

sports

obituaries

opinion

life & entertainment

public notices

jobs









0°
sunny

















                
                daily citizen
                
                    

















        
        
            5 high school wrestling stars of the week: feb. 18 edition

wrestlers who qualified for sectionals highlight this week's 5 stars. vote for your favorite to be crowned the supernova. 

















        
        
            5 high school gymnastics stars of the week: feb. 18 edition

numerous season-high and personal-best scores headline this week's high school gymnastics action. vote for your favorite of the five notable efforts.

















        
        
            dodge county authorities warn about ice safety after weekend rescues on beaver dam lake

the beaver dam fire department and dodge county sheriff’s office are warning about safety after four people on recreational vehicles went through the ice on beaver dam lake in a 24-hour period over the past weekend.

















        
        
            wisconsin inspire gets first-place win ahead of national synchronized skating competition

wisconsin inspire team is heading to the 2025 u.s. synchronized skating championships in colorado springs, colorado later this month.

















        
        
            bird club members discuss galapagos islands trip

horicon — the horicon marsh bird club will meet at 6:30 p.m. thursday at horicon marsh education and visitor center, n7725 highway 28, horicon, where members barb vockroth and angie kirst will speak about their recent trip to the galapagos islands. the meeting is open to the public. 

















        
        
            beaver dam's swan syncro skate returns for 30th year of celebrating the sport

the beaver dam family center will be filled with synchronized skating fans on saturday as the 30th annual swan sycro skate brings some of the best skaters in the midwest to town.

















        
        
            bdact production of 'i love you, you’re perfect, now change' premieres this weekend

the beaver dam area community theatre production of “i love you, you’re perfect, now change” opens friday.























        
        
            bird club members discuss galapagos islands trip




horicon — the horicon marsh bird club will meet at 6:30 p.m. thursday at horicon marsh education and visitor center, n7725 highway 28, horicon, where members barb vockroth and angie kirst will speak about their recent trip to the galapagos islands. the meeting is open to the public. 












        
        
            church services 2/15/25




to add new churches or change information, email dc-news@wiscnews.com to receive a fillable pdf form; deadline for changes is 1 p.m. monday. no changes will be accepted via phone. all updates must be made through the fillable form. 












        
        
            senior activities: feb. 17-21




city of beaver dam recreation department, 209 s. center st., beaver dam, business hours are 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. monday through friday. active adult programs are open to those 50 and older. city residents pay program and activity fees. non-residents pay an annual fee of $25, plus program and act…












        
        
            senior menus: feb. 17-21




dodge, columbia counties 






















        
        
            bdhs robotics teams host showcase

beaver dam high school, 500 gould st., beaver dam, will host a robotics showcase from 6:30-7:30 p.m. wednesday in the school library. open to the public. 

















        
        
            bdact production of 'i love you, you’re perfect, now change' premieres this weekend

the beaver dam area community theatre production of “i love you, you’re perfect, now change” opens friday.

















        
        
            5 high school boys basketball stars of the week: feb. 13 edition

stellar performances in the face of adversity headline the past week of high school boys basketball action. vote for your favorite area player to become this week's supernova. 

















        
        
            5 high school girls basketball stars of the week: feb. 13 edition

all aspects of play, including scoring, rebounding and defense, were on display from this week's standout athletes. vote for your favorite performance.

















        
        
            savvy senior: how much do you have to make to file taxes in 2025?

dear savvy senior, 

















        
        
            fox lake man loses house in fire after getting out safely

a fox lake man was able to get out of his home safely after waking to find it on fire tuesday morning, but the house is a total loss, the fox lake fire department said.


























        
        
            amy laundrie: my secret cardinal valentine taps his way into my heart

tap, tap, tap. my secret valentine will not be dissuaded and keeps tapping on the bay window. earlier this morning, at sunrise, i heard him whistling at me. if i were back in high school, i might suspect my old boyfriend, who would sometimes knock on my bedroom window to get my attention. 









        
        
            arc offers two $1k scholarships

the arc of dodge county, which advocates for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities, offers two scholarships of $1,000 for individuals entering the field of special education. applications are open to any high school senior or college student that is a resident of dodge coun…

















        
        
            family of missing teen beaver dam teen says her absence is 'a torment'

the family of missing beaver dam teen sophia franklin said her absence is "a torment" and urge, "please let law enforcement know if you think of anything that might be significant in getting her back."


















        
        
            5 questions with abundant life/st. ambrose girls basketball's magdalen simon

after surpassing 1,000 career points, abundant life/st. ambrose guard magdalen simon shares her celebratory culver's order, pre-game hype songs and more. 

















        
        
            lions donate for student trip

horicon — horicon lions club president john schwartz presents a $3,131 donation to support horicon high school students who will be embarking on a service trip to guatemala in june. the funds were raised through a meat raffle held jan. 25. 









        
        
            library now offers roku and hotspots

the beaver dam community library now offers rokus and hotspots for loan, as a new addition to the beyond books collection. by adding these devices, we aim to provide our community with enhanced access to entertainment and educational resources from the comfort of their homes. 





more daily citizen



























×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


baraboo news republic

beaver dam daily citizen

columbus journal

juneau county star-times

portage daily register

reedsburg times-press

sauk prairie eagle

wisconsin dells events

get healthy




services


advertiser services

subscriber services

legal

place an ad

project public notice

work here

online features

become a carrier

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        wiscnews, 1901 fish hatchery rd madison, wi 53713
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alert

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































