



immigration services and visas for usa, or canada












immigration 
and visas international 
 





usa




canada




 



would you like to discuss your specific case: 
		please select 
		phone 
		consultation 




warning: notice of 
		immigration fraud / spam / impersonation of our firm, please read this
		
		notice we do not solicit business via email - if you have 
		received an email form us - please make sure and contact the phone 
		numbers below before you forward any funds.







       


 



  


  
  

immigration and visas international (ivi) is a group of specialized
      immigration attorneys, lawyers and consultants who deal primarily with immigration and visa matters for the clients and represent clients all over the world.
immigration and visas international is an international group that specializes in
      immigration services in the following countries:
       usa / american , or canada.


our mission

immigration visas international has a policy of making sure that the client gets the services that s/he pays for otherwise fees (except for expenses incurred on
      be-half of client) are refunded. in addition, 
immigration and visa international, firmly believes that it's growth is based on satisfying and providing exceptional service
      to its clients therefore our policies and fees have been structured to meet those criteria's. 
our immigration service include representing clients,  from
almost any corner of the
      world, for immigration and visas for us immigration / american
      immigration (immigration and naturalization services / bureau of
citizenship and immigration services ), or canada
      immigration services in the following categories: 

independent worker
      immigration for canada.

temporary worker class visas such as
(usa immigration / us immigration) 
         l1, h1,
skilled and un-skilled labor class visas.

temporary worker
visa for computer professionals for canada

family class immigration 
      visas for us, or canada
      
 new
        2000 life act visas such a k and v visas for america 

business class/self employed class immigration
/ entrepreneurs ;
      visas for usa, or canada

investor class
      immigration for us, or canada,



    and many other visas that can be legally granted by the authorities in usa,
or canada authorities. 
thus we represent clients for us immigration to united states department of homeland security (dhs),
immigration and naturalization service (ins) now known as u.s. citizenship and immigration services
(uscis). for persons interested in canadian
migration services to citizenship and immigration canada (cic) government agency as well as to
various canadian high commissions (chc) / embassies located around the world.   please check our services web page for more
      details and do get your immigration assessment for us immigration visas / american visas, canadian
      visas, australian visas or new zealand visas. 

contact information
 
our preferred method of contact is via the phone or faxes. pay-pal paid
email(s) will get
the highest priority of response from ivi. non paid emails or other email(s) will get
the least priority of response from ivi.

 


office address:
immigration and visas international
      7 village road
      kendall park, nj 08824






telephone: +1-732-821-6077      


fax:              
          +1-732-821-1615





need a phone consultation, please click
here to schedule one.


in person consultations are by appointments
          only, please phone our office to schedule your appointment.   starting
      in march, 2012  we will have limited office hours.   





you are viewer no: 
          for this page since may, 05, 2008. thanks for visiting http://immigrationandvisas.com

 
(2007 counter was messed up due to fp integration-
          2006 hit counter was reset, so lost the value2005 the hit counter was 38,333.  2004 the hit counter was 38,100.)
          page really last modified march 19, 2012. 


         
 		

 

 [ home ] [ news ] [ disclaimer ] [ immigration fraud ] [ b2b ] [ medical insurance ] [ immigration services ] [ link exchange ]
 
[
immigration and 
visas int'l disclaimer ]
translate this page:  .

 








warning: notice of immigration fraud 
/ spam / impersonation of our firm, please read this

notice if you have received an email form us - we do not solicit 
business via email. 
now accepting credit cards:

 
or 





use ivi feedback 
page to send any issues, questions or comments about this web site:
http://www.immigrationandvisas.com 
.copyright © 1994 - 2012
immigration and visas international. last 
modified: march 19, 2012.



