




 








home - country cottage furniture















































 





skip to content


menu



 







furniture bedroom armoires + wardrobes 
beds + headboards 
blanket + storage trunks 
bunkbeds 
dressers + chests 
nightstands 

dining bar stools 
booths + benches 
buffets 
corner cabinets 
curios + gun cabinets 
dinettes + kitchenette sets 
dining chairs 
dining tables 
pub tables 
wine storage 

living room + entry way accent tables + plant stands 
bookcases 
coffee tables 
futons 
hall benches 
media centers 
rocking chairs 

outdoor poly furniture poly accent tables 
poly adirondacks 
poly benches + settees 
poly chaises 
poly chairs + barstools 
poly dining tables 
poly gliders 
poly picnic tables 
poly rocking chairs 
poly swings 

outdoor wood furniture accent tables 
adirondacks 
benches + settees 
chairs + barstools 
chaises 
dining tables 
gliders 
picnic tables 
porch rockers 
swings 

storage cabinets + unfinished bathroom storage and vanities 
trunks 
cubbies + crates 
pantry cabinets 
kitchen carts + islands 
unfinished furniture 

home office desks 
bookcases 
office storage 


sheds 
finishing 
about 
  603-744-9333 
widgets 





searchsearch× 

location717 nh rt 104

new hampton, nh 03256

view location on map 

my quote request view and submit rfq

 





close menu






















































the best and largest selection of real wood furniture in new hampshire






if you want to know where to buy solid wood furniture, look no further. at country cottage furniture store, you’ll find the best value on quality solid wood, unfinished, and finished home furniture in nh!  we are centrally located on rt 104 between new hampton and meredith. if you're shopping for wood furniture maine, massachusetts and vermont are within a short distance and we're two hours south of canada and quebec.
we specialize in hardwood furniture, solid oak furniture, country furniture, cottage style furniture, rustic furniture, log furniture, industrial farmhouse furniture, natural home furniture, porch furniture, lawn furniture, mission style furniture, pine furniture, and fine furniture. most of what we sell is furniture made in usa! learn more about us and read our story.

















what we carry






















bedroom furniture



















dining room furniture



















home office furniture





















living room + entry furniture



















outdoor wood furniture



















storage furniture + other





















outdoor poly furniture

















accessories and gifts



















some of our great reviews!






country cottage furniture4.6based on 71 reviewsreview us onpeter smith22:47 13 aug 24they had some nice things therejess martin17:40 31 may 24this place is a gem and well stocked. top notch service from kim. so personable and she knows everything about all of her inventory and helped me pick out a perfect polywood set and firepit.susan parker16:22 19 mar 23alisa barton01:46 15 dec 21had a great time here. everyone was friendly and very helpful. christina worked with us for quite awhile until we found the right piece. they have some really nice furniture. you pay alittle more but the quality is there. we will definitely return for more.jeffrey woodward02:06 12 dec 21the store offers nice quality furniture at very fair prices for every room of your house. the store owner was fantastic; she answered all of our questions, offered her own insightful opinions, and spent quality time with us as we browsed through the store. ultimately, we purchased a small solid maple writing desk.jon was also exceptionally helpful. he took time to talk to me and give me pointers and tips on finishing an unfinished desk if we choose to go that route. the desk that we decided on was already finished, but jon went above and beyond by disassembling the legs, protecting the top with a cut piece of cardboard, and he wrapped everything in plastic wrap to keep everything protected.we will be back for future purchases!linda-nadeau forcier on tiny kitchen tunes20:31 22 apr 20i have many bird feeders and many bird houses that i have gotten from this store and they are so well made that i know they will last for years.  i bought a futon from country cottage furniture yesterday. i was very happy, not only with the purchase of such a beautiful and comfortable piece of furnishing, but the customer service was unbelievably amiable. the price was also the best price i had seen anywhere else; and i had researched many places before finding this store. my husband and i just drove in with our truck and paid with our charge card over the phone and the workers at the store loaded it in for us and we drove away.  i recommend this store to all of my friends and family.  i give them a 5 star rating.deborah shepherd19:38 28 may 18great find. i can't wait to get home and check measurements. sales person, kim, who happens to be the manager was super helpful. i am hopeful that we found the buffet we have been looking for and customize the colors. 
















how we're different







a relaxing shopping experience
 made in the usa is our specialty! 
custom, quality, and value













learn more about us


















how we're different











a relaxing shopping experience






unlike many furniture stores, our team doesn't work on commission so you won’t feel pressured to buy. but that doesn’t mean we aren’t willing to help! we will provide as little or as much assistance in selecting your furniture as you want. because we work as a team, you get the benefit of all of our skill sets – in design, finishing, and product selection.









 made in the usa is our specialty! 






most the furniture in our store is made in america by craftsmen and women from new hampshire, maine, pennsylvania, ohio, north carolina, and other states.  we also carry some imports (real wood only!), when it makes sense, so you will always find the best combination of quality and value.









custom, quality, and value






with unfinished furniture, you can see what you are getting. many factory-finished pieces these days are combinations of real wood and chip board. it can be really hard to tell the difference when shopping, but you’ll know later on, when the furniture falls apart. choose from hundreds of finish options and put our local pros to work or do it yourself!

















some of our best sellers












 
7 drawer pine chest




 








 
cedar lined trunks




 








 
manhattan bed




 








 
small hidden gun cabinet bookcase




 



















 
pantry with door




 








 
high storage bed in any size




 








 
unfinished pine bookcases




 








 
stow leaf table




 













shop all furniture





























country cottage furniture
about

privacy policy

hours
mon-fri 10-6

sat 9-6

sun 10-5facebook
pinterest
instagram 

















location 

contact phone: 603-744-9333
email: team [at] nhwood.com
fax: 603-744-8776

address 717 new hampshire rte. 104
new hampton, nh, 03256

 

let’s stay in touch!

 








































 

