







 official mopar site | service, parts, accessories & more
















enhancing your shopping experience
we use cookies and location data to personalize your online experience with fca canada 
                and for general marketing purposes. further, we recently updated our privacy policy, which can be reviewed
                here. by continuing to use this website, you agree to our use of 
                    cookies and the updated privacy policy.
            


got
                it












fca canada privacy policy

 we recently updated our fca canada privacy policy. below is an overview of some of 
                                the changes to our privacy policy. click here to review fca canada’s privacy policy.
                                    our privacy policy explains how we collect, use and share your personal information, 
                                    and how you can contact us if you have any questions. this privacy policy applies to 
                                    you when you use our websites or applications (“apps”) on any device, or when you 
                                    provide us your personal information.
                                     
how we collect, use and share information
 we collect data to serve you and others with relevant information about fca canada. 
                                as you use our websites and apps, we may collect information about you, your activity,
                                 preferences, location and transactions for the following purposes: 

to send or display advertising and marketing information to you, including updates 
                                    about new products and services, special offers, promotions, changes in website, apps or
                                     privacy policy. we may send advertisements directly, such as by email, or display 
                                     advertisements on our website or other websites. 
to advertise to people who may share interests and characteristics similar to you
                                
to fulfil recalls or any other purpose required by law
to research to improve our websites, apps and products, and to train our staff

we may use technologies (such as cookies, pixels, or similar technologies) and third party services 
                                (such as analytical tools) on our websites and apps to collect data. we use this data to:
                            

monitor the use of our website and apps
improve content and performance
personalize and deliver advertisements to you
understand how visitors use and interact with our advertisements, websites and apps
                                
personalize your online experience with fca canada

you may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to refuse receiving it. 
                                further, you may opt-out of receiving certain third-party behavioral ads by visiting the digital advertising alliance, at
                                 http://www.aboutads.info/choices. please note that even if you opt-out, 
                                    or set your browser to reject cookies, you may still see fca canada advertisements; 
                                    however, such advertisements are not displayed to you based on cookies.
                            
changes to this privacy policy
we may update or change our current privacy policy from time to time and will post it on our websites and apps.
                                 your continued use of our websites or apps or your provision of personal information to us following a change
                                  in the privacy policy represents consent to the new privacy policy. therefore, we encourage you to 
                                  periodically review this privacy policy. 
                            
how to contact fca canada
you may contact our privacy officer at privacyofficer.ca@fcagroup.com for
                                any privacy or data-protection related question. we may ask you to verify your identity
                                before processing your request. 


















































welcome to mopar! your owner profile is nearly complete − please check your email to verify your account








didn't receive an email ?
 resend email

























































































now open – direct connection brought to you by dodge power brokers






shop now
learn more




























en / ca

 en / us
 es / us
 fr / ca


search
my garage










my vehicle


my dashboard
													
vehicle health report
													
												 	

ev ownership
													
recalls & campaigns
													
connected services
													




owner's manual
											  
warranty info
											  
tips from mopar
											 
												 
 
dashboard lights
											  





service


find a dealer
													
find tires
													
mopar vehicle protection
													
express lane
													




jeep wave®
 





savings


coupons & offers
													
service rebates
													




parts & accessories


shop the estore
													
												 	

authentic accessories
													
genuine mopar parts
													
hybrid vehicle chargers
													




mopar performance
											  
jeep performance
											  
bproauto® parts
											  





assistance


roadside assistance
													
collision assistance
													
contact us
													
												 	

smartphone pairing
													



 about mopar
























popular searches


shop parts & accessories


learn about uconnect®


view owner's manual


pair your smartphone


purchase ev charger


dashboard lights




helpful links


explore faqs


contact us


find a dealer





































we're here for you 
 no matter where your journey takes you, mopar® has you covered. schedule service with your dealer, explore your owner’s manual, find special offers—and much more. check out everything we have to make owning your vehicle the best experience possible.

















explore the estore 
 whether you wish to personalize your vehicle or keep it performing at its best, mopar® has just what you need. visit our estore to explore our full selection of genuine parts and accessories—with the performance and quality you expect—designed specifically for your vehicle and for an experience that’s all yours.
‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎

















mopar® your way
 did you know that by registering, you can access an online dashboard tailored to you and your vehicle? create an account today to benefit from custom alerts, valuable vehicle-specific resources available 24/7, and much more—all created just for you.  
‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎   ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎  ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎






1/3


pause autoplay





















 
         
           sign in
         
           
              

 
         
           your owner essentials
         
           
           
        




 
         
           shop now
         
           
           
        




 
         
           sign in
         
           
           
        
 
         
           your owner essentials
         
           
           
        
























welcome back,
 no matter where your journey takes you, mopar® has you covered. schedule service with your dealer, explore your owner’s manual, find special offers—and much more. check out everything we have to make owning your vehicle the best experience possible. 

















explore the estore
 whether you wish to personalize your vehicle or keep it performing at its best, mopar® has just what you need. visit our estore to explore our full selection of genuine parts and accessories—with the performance and quality you expect—designed specifically for your vehicle and for an experience that’s all yours. 
‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎

















mopar® your way
 did you know that by registering, you can access an online dashboard tailored to you and your vehicle? create an account today to benefit from custom alerts, valuable vehicle-specific resources available 24/7, and much more—all created just for you. 
‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎   ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎






1/3


pause autoplay





















 
         
           visit my dashboard
         
           
           
        
 
         
           your owner essentials
         
           
           
        




 
         
           shop now
         
           
           
        




 
         
           visit my dashboard
         
           
           
        
 
         
           your owner essentials
         
           
           
        








your owner essentials














special offers 









connected services 









manuals, warranty & more 









mopar vehicle protection 









genuine parts & accessories 










unlock it all by sign in today
a truly personalized ownership experience awaits you.














custom dashboard
get important alerts and recall notifications, access your connected services, check out your warranty coverage--and more. all personalized and tailored to you and your vehicle.


your profile & garage
create and update your account, manage the vehicles in your garage, and view all of your coverage and subscriptions, anytime, anywhere.


personalized content & more
find special offers from your dealership. explore merchandise and product offers featuring your favorite brand. it's all about you.











 not signed up yet ?
to activate your services from your vehicle, press the assist button and follow the prompts on your in vehicle touch screen or call 877-324-9091.






here when you need us

have a question or need some help? we're here for you day and night.
explore the site or contact us by email, chat or phone—whichever works best for you.








                                vehicle health report
                            







                                check for recalls
                            










personalized content & more





featured offers
coupons and more selected just for you



mopar service
your preferred and nearest dealers



merchandise 
apparel, garage gear and more






















when your vehicle needs service, our specialists are ready to help.
find a dealer


when it comes to your favorite brand, we have even more in store.
shop merchandise

























                        official mopar® merchandise
                    
feed your fandom—whether it's for yourself or for your favorite mopar® fan, get apparel, garage gear and more from the brand you love.

shop now














need help? we’re here for you
we have advisors available by chat or phone monday to friday from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. and saturday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. eastern time.








                              send us an email
                              
                           

response within 1 business day












                              call us: 1-800-465-2001
                              
                           















 
         
           get further assistance
         
           
              























shop for your next vehicle































resources 


resources 



contact us



email us



stewardship (ontario only)



tire collection



tire recycling activities







my account 


my account 



parts & accessories catalogues







for dealers 


for dealers 



mopar repair connection



mopar dealer site



dealerconnect







company 


company 



careers



legal, safety & trademarks



privacy policy



copyright



accessibility policy



accessibility plan










back to top












                        select a vehicle to explore. sign in (or create an account) to receive access to even more exciting content
                    


 
         
           sign in
         
           
           
        
 
         
           skip sign in
         
           
           
        





















view all fca brands



chrysler


alfaromeo


dodge


fiat


jeep


ramtrucks


mopar
















©2024 fca canada inc. all rights reserved.
				

					chrysler, dodge, jeep, ram, mopar and hemi are registered trademarks of fca us llc, used under license by fca canada inc.
				

					fiat is a registered trademark of fiat group marketing & corporate communication s.p.a., used under license by fca canada inc.
				


























select a vehicle to explore. sign in (or create an account) to receive access to even more exciting content

sign in
















your preferred dealer has been successfully updated.
                

dismiss

















this is now your preferred dealer!

dismiss














thanks for visiting
you are now leaving the mopar® ca site and will be logged out of your account.

continue
cancel










modal title



one moment please















