ï»¿


candle holder, gel burner, gel fire and gel - ld lifestyle


















 
manufacturer & exporter of gel fireplace, gel fire, gel burner and gel in china. 
 












 












 








 




























 








 


 


 





most best suspended lighting fixtures for 2020





 







 


 
 


suspended led linear lighting system can be suspended  in a variety of styles, lengths and combinations to enhance architectural interest or complement the chosen space. suspension led lighting  is a light fixture that hangs from the ceiling, usually suspended on wires or chains, is particularly suited to spaces with generous ceiling height. the linkable led linear lighting system is the most best suspended lighting fixtures for 2020.
 


 
 


ld lifestyle products are perfect to create romantic atmosphere and offers you a great choice of gifts for your friends and family. elegant golden flames from ld fire range products give you a fantastic feeling. relax yourself with a glass of wine and allow yourself to be hypnotized by the naked dancing flames. deliver love and warmth to every family is what ld lifestyle strives for.

ld lifestyle offers fresh versatile designs that are idea for indoor and outdoor use. ld lifestyle developed the most elegant and fire-new products of candle holder, tea warmer, flower vase, gel fireplace, fire bowl, electric fire, gel burner, garden edging and other lifestyle products. ld lifestyle products got very positive reviews from the market, who treasured the integration of quality, design and good prices into one product. ld lifestyl keeps improving and developing. our product range is being distributed throughout the five continents where more and more customers are enjoying our unique design products.


 




 
 
 
 





 


candle holder


tea wamer 
flower vase or wire vase 
 





 


gel burner 
gel fireplace 
garden edging & garden fencing
 


 
 
 
 






the largest range of gel burners, gel fireplaces, gel, candle holder,tea warmer and flower vase 
 
tips of gel burner from ld 
 


 
 
 
 


ld lifestyle presents a unique collection of candle holders, tea warmers, flower vases and other lifestyle products. all metals used in ld lifestyle products are of the highest quality and each piece must pass a high quality check.

                          ld lifestyle, as the leading company in doing gel fires, keeps offering you the best and most reliable source for gel burners, gel fireplaces and gel. all of our gel burners come with comprehensive operating and safety instructions. if you are interested in more products and information,please feel free to contact us..


ld lifestyle co. ltd 
        21e huazhe building, no.1 huazhe plaza, hangzhou, china
        tel: +86 13735886608 +86 571 86625753
        fax: +86 571 81634791
        e-mail: sales@ldlifestyle.com
        web: www.ldlifestyle.com
  



gel burners from ld lifestyle use 0.5l tins of fire gel. we do not recommend the gel to be poured directly in to the fire burner as this would prevent air circulation and may cause combustion. the gel should be poured in to 0.5 litre tin and then placed in the fire burner reservoir. a 0.5l tin will be required initially, this can then be refilled as and when required. our gel burner comes with comprehensive operating and safety instructions.


ld lifestyle gel burner is  for indoor and outdoor use. available in ultra-modern stainless steel, elegant porcelain and cool pottery, the collection offers a choice of contemporary designs to provide a striking range of lovely gel burner (fire burner) for any interior living space.the unique portability of the gel burner (fire burner) makes it possible that they can be easily lifted and moved from room to room, or even to an outdoor setting. ld fire burner makes ...




 

 
 





 


kingsman fireplaces recalls gas fireplaces due to laceration hazard
kingsman fireplaces has received two reports of fireplace glass doors breaking. no injuries have been reported.
 
 


 
 

  















 gel burner | gel fireplace | gel | garden edging & garden fencing | candle holder
tea warmer | flower vase | lifestyle products
home | company profile | oem available | contact info | product | resources
â© copyright ld lifestyle , all rights reserved 2005-2008  










