

















lasik laser eye surgery cataracts salt lake city utah






























is vision correction surgery is right for you?
book lasik consult online






close search


search for:



 







patient stories
other services

retinal diseases
corneal diseases
glaucoma
corneal cross-linking
eyelid & facial plastics


patient info

financial services
pay my bill
patient portal
patient forms
insurance
hipaa & privacy practices
covid-19 health update


doctors portal
search
book online
book lasik consult online
 

lasik & vision correction

vision correction options
lasik

lasik surgery
lasik technology
cost of lasik
take ﻿our lasik quiz
lasik specials
public servant lasik discount
your life in focus warranty
lasik savings calculator
book a lasik consult online 24/7
moms & dads lasik giveaway


vision 40+

refractive lens exchange (rle)


photo-refractive keratectomy (prk)
evo icl®
presbyopia


cataracts

overview of cataracts
cataract surgery
advanced cataract technology
intraocular lens options (iols)
custom cataract surgery packages


dry eye

dry eye syndrome
dry eye treatments


clinical studies
about us

our doctors
charitable programs & partnerships
office and facilities
patient stories
patient reviews ★★★★★
news room

blog




contact us

contact us
join our team


 (801) 266-2283﻿


 






leading providers of lasik & cataract surgery in utah

you’re concerned about your eyesight, and so is the eye institute of utah. your eyes are too important to trust to just anyone. so if you need vision correction or other treatment, you’ve come to the right place! located in the heart of salt lake city, the eye institute is one of the largest and most prestigious eye surgical centers in utah.


book online







the eye institute of utah is a premier ophthalmology practice offering a comprehensive range of vision correction options and eye care services.


we have dedicated specialists who can address most any eye condition with procedures ranging from lasik, custom cataract surgery, to dry eye, glaucoma, retina and cornea treatments. our team is dedicated to caring for your vision and eye health, including preventative care and surgical treatment for the whole family. come visit our fully equipped, state-of-the-art facility and see why our doctors are considered some of the most skilled specialists in the country.
at our fully equipped, state-of-the-art facility, we can address a full range of eye conditions, including glaucoma, dry eye syndrome, cataracts, and corneal conditions. we also offer advanced vision correction options to help you enjoy life, including lasik laser eye surgery, prk, evo icl, and premium intraocular lenses (iols). above all, you can expect personalized and compassionate care with a custom-tailored treatment plan to meet your vision care needs.  
















			celebrating over 40 years of vision correction excellence 


our history





our physicians









kristin o. bretz, md
glaucoma, comprehensive eye care, cataract surgery









randy b. carter, od, faao
dry eye, comprehensive eye care









sean cushman, od
dry eye, comprehensive eye care









rebekah h. gensure, md, phd
retinal and vitreous diseases, macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy









stephanie r. nahhas, od
custom fit contact lenses, dry eye, corneal disease









samuel f. passi, md
cataracts, lasik & refractive surgery, cornea









zachary j. zavodni, md
cornea, lasik & refractive, cataracts, glaucoma











how can we take your vision to new heights?









			lasik/prk		

looking to free yourself from glasses and contacts?
laser vision correction surgery can help you enjoy life with less dependence on glasses or contact lenses. our experienced lasik surgeons offer advanced lasik options, including contoura™ vision topography-guided laser vision correction, as well as prk. laser vision correction offers convenience and ease so you can focus on what matters.

read more







evo icl™

a flexible vision correction option with many benefits!
evo icl is an implantable collamer lens that can correct high levels of nearsightedness and astigmatism. icl surgery is sometimes considered an alternative to lasik because it is an option for many people who are not candidates for laser vision correction due to thin corneas, dry eyes, or high prescriptions.


read more










			vision correction over 40 		

see clearer than ever before!
it is normal to experience changes in vision as we get older, but you deserve the best vision possible! presbyopia is an age-related loss of near vision that causes many people to turn to reading glasses after 40—but if you would like to ditch the readers, we can recommend vision solutions to help you restore your vision.

read more







custom cataract surgery

regain your freedom and take back your lifestyle!
cataracts are a common part of aging vision, but the good news is that advances in cataract surgery options can help you achieve vision that is as good or even better than before. custom cataract surgery allows you to choose an advanced intraocular lens (iol) to treat cataracts while also correcting other vision issues for less dependence on glasses. 


read more











with more than 100,000 combined vision correction surgeries performed, your vision is in great hands!







4.87/5 stars
average rating
based on over 4980 reviews



ratings & reviews







contact us to schedule an appointment
contact us








755 e 3900 s,salt lake city, ut 84107
monday-friday 8am-5pm


appointments
(801) 266-2283﻿










copyright © 2025 the eye institute of utah  | nondiscrimination policy | privacy policy


sitemap
terms of use
accessibility statement
design and marketing by silvr







book online 24/7




book online 24/7






















