






bea - the broadcast education association | educating tomorrow's media











































































 






bea home page
bea connect
member login
site map
 












about us

mission statement
staff & faculty fellows
board of directors
board committees & association reps
governance

bylaws
history of bea
bea presidents


interest divisions
advertising & sponsorship
statement on diversity
bea calendar
past newsletters
donate


membership

renewal help
individual membership
institutional membership

hbcu institutional membership


corporate membership
undergraduate student membership
graduate student membership
aerho honor society
collegiate media chapters
membership directory (members only)
institutional member directory
bea connect

your guide to bea connect




publications

journal of broadcasting & electronic media
journal of radio & audio media
journal of media education
electronic media research book series
feedback
acceptance rates

jobem acceptance rates
jram acceptance rates


journal advertising


events

bea2025 convention
research symposium
past conventions & future dates
on-location fall conference
rab student scholars program
networking nights
bea at ciespal
wjec 2025


awards & grants

distinguished education service award
lifetime achievement in scholarship
bea book awards
bea research grants
kenneth harwood dissertation award
labf broadcast historian awards
new faculty research grant
diversity & inclusion
innovation in teaching
leibner cooper grant
festival of media arts

school rankings




competitions

festival of media arts

school rankings


scholarly research
on-location creative competition
signature station
collegiate media chapter competitions
innovative teaching and learning for 2-year college and high school faculty


scholarships

scholarships
bea institutional member search
scholarship winners
peter orlik endowment


teaching & research

bea thought leadership series
guidelines for promotion & tenure
diversity links & resources
acceptance rates

bea annual convention acceptance rates
festival of media arts acceptance rates
on-location creative competition acceptance rates
jobem acceptance rates
jram acceptance rates
wjec creative competition acceptance rates


festival of media arts school rankings
salary survey
bea ignite
state associations


classifieds

faculty job postings
professional job postings
student internships & programs
post a job


 





select page


  
 



 



 













bea2025 advance registration deadline
february 19th – register today & save
bea2025 registration site








congratulations to the 2025 winners!











career fair & graduate school showcasetuesday, april 8, 10:00 am – 2:00 pm | w322-327las vegas convention center, west hallhosted in partnership by: bea, nab, nablf, rab, rtdna & smpte















congratulations to this year's festival winners








bea2025 advance registration deadline
february 19th – register today & save


















career fair & graduate school showcasetuesday, april 8, 10:00 am – 2:00 pm | w322-327las vegas convention center, west hallhosted in partnership by: bea, nab, nablf, rab, rtdna & smpte








 











 news & events










festival of media arts winners announced


this year, we received a staggering 2,285 entries, a 21% growth of 400 entries over last year. we awarded 445 student winners from 111 colleges and universities (up from 80 in 2024) and 57 faculty winners from 39 colleges and universities.




we will honor and spotlight our 19 best of festival winners at bea2025’s in las vegas on monday, april 7.



thank you to our competition chairs and our over 800 judges! the festival of media arts is possible because of your dedication and support.


www.beafestival.org







bea2025 program announced
get ready to explore media, technology, and storytelling through research and creative work. key highlights include panels on the transformation of broadcast and digital media, hands-on workshops focused on emerging technologies in ai and vr, and discussions with industry leaders on the evolving landscape of journalism and content creation. this program is a work in progress so keeping checking back for updates on additional sessions, events and workshops from industry partners. if you have any edits you’d like to apply to your sessions, please email *protected email*.






the 2025 leibner cooper grant for creative productions on the history of media awarded to dr. kortni alston lemon
we are proud to announce the 2025 leibner cooper grant for creative productions on the history of media has been awarded to dr. kortni alston lemon for her project titled rosalynn carter’s caring call: how former united states first lady’s historic compassionate legacy has transformed mental health journalism and continues to transform newsrooms. read more.








the broadcast education association (bea) announces library of american broadcasting foundation (labf) as the 2025 career fair and graduate student showcase sponsor at nab show
we are pleased to announce that the library of american broadcasting foundation (labf) will serve as the official sponsor of the 2025 career fair and graduate student showcase at the nab show in las vegas. taking place on tuesday, april 8, from 10:00 am to 2:00 pm, this highly anticipated event will connect top students, industry professionals, and recruiters, providing a dynamic environment for talent discovery and networking. 






student networking night
on february 11th we will host a “journalism edition.”  we welcome our student members to virtually engage and make connections with industry professionals with a special insight into pursuing a journalism or sports focused career.






are you ready to set bea on fire with your innovative teaching ideas?
bea ignite @ bea2025entry deadline: monday, february 10, 2025
we’re seeking your most innovative teaching ideas.  as part of this quest (and back by popular demand) we present “bea ignite” – where you can share your best classroom project/exercise/ideas.  following the traditional “ignite” format, presenters get 5 minutes and 20 slides to share their passionate teaching idea.  the ten best “ignite” ideas will be selected to make their presentations “live” during a bea2025 session.



 
click here for past news & events




donate to bea

 








helpful links





membership



scholarships



annual convention



festival of media arts



awards







look no further. become a member today!
join now



 








 *protected email* | site map
 



designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 
















