






evan glassman





















































skip to content






 evan glassman





evan glassman








whatever the project, evan will always bring a thoughtful, highly creative perspective, along with a keen eye and will-do spirit. evan has dedicated a big part of his life to specialized creative work, with skills honed from 3 decades of design experience in the field of collaborative, multi-disciplinary art and design. evan has worked on varied projects with clients including the rockwell group, the chicago cubs, chicago transit authority, meow wolf, the n9ne group, paris casino and resort, hilton corporation, elkay manufacturing, dell computers, and sarcos robotics. his basic creative practice and tenets of “observation, listening and contemplation, visualization, and manifestation by execution” holds true throughout his life in the arts, as well as a dedication to the projects and people he works with.




utah contract sewing was founded by designers and expert sewists and patternmakers to serve the burgeoning utah and mountain west entrepreneurial community in support and development of their products. https://utahcontractsewing.com/



evan began his drawing and painting practice early on in life, and continues forward with his idiosyncratic and highly stylized visionary paintings, regularly setting time in the studio. over the years he has also worked in several mediums, and product design and manufacturing.https://www.eggmanwalrus.com/



evan mosaics has designed, fabricated, and installed site specific architectural mosaics for over 25 years. utilizing various materials from marble, granite, ceramics, glass, metal, mixed media, and more, and techniques from hand cutting to supersonic waterjet, evan and his team will work closely with you to bring your concepts to stunning mosaic fruition. https://evanmosaics.com/






letter of reference – the city of santa fe arts commission 

testimonials




evanglassman@gmail.com    801.910.7150      line: evanutah   insta: @glassmanevan









proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
				theme: edin by wordpress.com.			

utah contract sewing
evan mosaics
eggman & walrus
about evan
 





 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website














































