      homeabout ussafetycontact us  need it done right the first time?upfront pricingtexas state licensed  drug tested uniformed electricians24/7 emergency servicesplease call: (817)870-2266      residential service we offer residential service in the dfw area. our residential service teams are fully licensed and  professionally trained to tackle even the toughest problems.       commercial servicewe specialize in electrical commercial service work in the dfw area. we also offer new electrical construction services and electrical design/build services.      government our business is a woman/minority-owned (w/mbe) and hub certified. we specialize in government service contracts and new construction projects that require minority participation. great reason to use fort worth electric    bondable and insured     free in-home / business quotes    licensed experts    workmanship guaranteed    courteous, uniformed technicians     scheduled appointment times bbb profile fort worth electric is a better business accredited business with an a+ rating. to view our profile click here. expert safety sealour technicians are background checked, drug tested, and professionally trained.our special electrical servicesbucket truck lighting serviceslet us take care of your parking lot lighting! we offer 1-time pole light and building lighting repairs or for a more hands off / time-saving approach, talk to us about our quarterly lighting maintenance agreements.   electric standby generatorsplagued by power failures or just want to be ready when the power goes out from a storm? standby generators offer critical power when you need it most. have peace knowing you don't have to wait hours and hours for oncor to turn your lights back on. we offer residential standby generators and commercial standby generators. thermal imaging servicesstop equipment failures in their tracks! thermal imaging allows us to inspect electrical equipment for surface hot spots that could lead to failure. schedule equipment repairs with us on your own time instead of when the equipment fails at random.   surge protection servicesdo you have important equipment you don't want damage from a power surge? we offer surge protection services for residential and commercial applications.  get in touchwe would love to hear from you!phone: (817) 870-2266fax: (817) 870-2268email: service@fwetx.comresources:fort worth independent electrical contractorsour better business profile  copyright © 2025 · eleven40 pro theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in          