




























































































bwca, boundary waters, canoe, quetico 



















  login 

  sign up!

  messageboard

 contact us














social login

login with facebook
login with twitter


forgot your password? 
                    don't have an account yet? sign up




sign in











boundary waters trip planning info


 
basic rules & information



 
bwca permit & information



 
checklist & trip planning



  
gear rental & outfitters 



 
resorts, cabins & camping



 
winter trips and lodging













 
messageboard

planning 

basic information & faq
bwca permit information
trip planning information & checklists
bwca entry points
gear rental, outfitters & guides
resorts, camping, & cabins
winter trips and lodging
bwca travelers gear guide
area business guides
trip reports



outfitters


lodging

maps & entry points

maps home
 bwca entry points
 bwca lake maps
route guide
purchase maps
mobile gps apps and data
bwca campsite lookup



books

photos 


photo gallery


monthly photo contests


year end photo contest



gear


gear guide


group gear checklist


gift guide



store






   





boundary waters canoe area
 follow   
 messageboard 
 contact

























            let the adventure begin
        

 > start planning your trip now


            portaging the cruiser
        

            by hans solo
        




             great trip memories
        

 > join the online community


            white otter
        

            by onepaddleshort
        




             unique landscapes
        

 > map your trip


            fall bog
        

            by mooseplums
        





bwca information!
permits for 2024 are required through september and are available on a first come, first served basis.  2025 permits will be available starting at 9 a.m. on wed. january 29th, 2025 on a first-come first-serve basis. contact an 
    outfitter to book your trip or read more about permitting for self-outfitted trips at permit information site.
        visit the trip planning messageboard to discuss trip ideas with bwca.com members.    sign-up as a member to receive newsletters and updates.

member signup


boundary waters canoe area  information resource
a virtual entry point into the boundary waters canoe area wilderness (bwcaw)
            this site is dedicated to the sharing of information and experiences about the boundary waters canoe area and quetico park for canoe, camping, and outdoor enthusiasts. 






 
photo contest
enter our monthly boundary waters/quetico park photo and trip report contests! share your photos and trip reports with other bwca enthusiasts.
view winners



  
gear guide
the new and growing gear & business guide! a growing list of products, companies, and services of interest to bwca & quetico area adventurers. 
 view guides



 
trip reports
publish and view boundary waters trip reports. a great way to share your boundary waters paddling, hiking, and camping experiences.

view reports



 
bwca maps
view boundary waters maps starting at entry points or at a certain lake. campsite locations are marked you can traverse maps with directional arrows.

view maps

















rockwood outfitters
outfitters are your source for permits, planning, canoe & gear rental, and most everything you need to have a successful trip.
view









grand superior lodge
there are many types of lodging to support one night stays to week long northwoods vacations.
view







voyageur maps
check out the new and growing gear and business guide!
        the guide is a growing list of products, companies, and services of interest to bwca and quetico area adventurers.
view


















stay updated
follow the "live social media" feed from 
                    boundary waters canoe area wilderness (bwcaw).
social media wall

















help support bwca.com
help keep the flying moose flying and
                    this great site and online community alive by contributing your financial support.
                    this site has grown since 2002 from a few visitors a day to up to 10,000
                    visitors a day during peak season. we support this high volume of visitors
                    along with the wonderful resources, interactive maps, and online community. 
donate here







feature pages

 photo gallery
 basic information & faqs
 bwca entry points 
 gear guide
 outfitters
 view our message board








copyright © 2020 www.bwca.com | legal notice | dmca 




 












                help keep support this community and website with the many resources it provides and maintains.
                
                learn more







                we use cookies to enhance your experience, for analytics, and to support 3rd party content and advertising providers.  if you continue using this website, you agree to our privacy and legal agreement.

            ok





