










main line reform temple – be inspired. be connected. belong.








































































 


 









home
calendar
contact us
member login
donate
 
join us 





 









primary menu about

about mlrt

about us
our clergy & staff
our leadership
our history
join mlrt
inclusion


resources

israel
mlrtmatters bulletin
memorial scrolls trust
who should i contact for…
membership commitment


contact us

join mlrt
directions
early childhood education
mlrt religious school




lifelong learning

ece

early childhood education
mlrt camp ece
ece calendar


religious school

mlrt religious school
religious school covid assessment
what’s special about religious school
curriculum
shabbat and holiday services
family involvement


the tribe

thetribe
tribe madrichim
tribe classes
nfty
tribe jr


adult learning

zoom room
lifelong learning
literary programs




worship

shabbat

shabbat services
for young families


holidays

holidays
high holy days


worship resources

video archive
music & chants
high holy day readings


lifecycle

brit milah & simchat bat
b’nai mitzvah
wedding ceremonies
bereavement
conversion
mi shebeirach list
contact the clergy




calendar

calendar
the jewish calendar


community

membership

join mlrt
membership inquiry form
volunteer


groups

brotherhood
sisterhood
mlrt caring committee


tikkun olam

tikkun olam network




support us

contribute
annual fund
l’dor va’dor


 






  


 
















be inspired. be connected.  belong.
learn more 
 
















be inspired.
worship at main line reform temple includes family services, reset & renew contemporary shabbat, and traditional and “out of the box” community-oriented observances for shabbat & festivals. our education programs span every stage from pre-school through religious school through high school through adult study. our stimulating array of educational and social opportunities appeal to every generation.





be connected.
mlrt thrives on fostering connections among our temple members. our small interest groups include beer club, cinema club, mlrt cooks, and mlrt on the move, as well as a highly active brotherhood and sisterhood. we are committed to tikkun olam – repairing the world – and participate in food collections, blood drives, days of service, meal packing, and more year round.





belong.
our congregants come from all walks of life and many different religious backgrounds and ethnicities. singles and marrieds, with or without children, as blended families, as interfaith families, as lgbtq, and as people with special needs—our members comprise an eclectic, diverse and welcoming community, united by our common goals, extraordinary vision, and unwavering faith. wherever you are in your spiritual journey, there is a place for you here!





calendar of events
there’s always something happening at main line reform temple.  find out more about upcoming special events, recurring events, and see our full schedule by clicking below.

your health and safety are of our utmost concern.  in order to provide a safer environment for our temple family, backpacks and large bags are prohibited at our services or programs. medically necessary items will be allowed in after an inspection by a member of our security team. thank you for understanding. if you have any questions, please call the office at 610-649-7800.


click for full calendar


highlights



             featured event 1     tu bshevat 2025    enjoy an interactive shabbat service and sample the shivat haminim (seven species) to celebrate tu b’shevat!               read more     

             featured calendar 3     be inspired bash 2025    bet on another fantastic night with mlrt's be inspired bash 2025! we are honoring kerry & dave heppen and jennie & sam nemroff and want you to be there.               read more     

             featured calendar 2     adam grant    tickets are on sale now for our spring main line speaker series! hear from adam grant, professor of management, on april 2, 2025               read more     

             featured calendar 4     come in from the cold with curtis    mlrt is proud to once again partner with the curtis institute of music for an afternoon hour-long concert               read more     



daily calendar







view full calendar of events


educational opportunities for all










ece
at our early childhood program (ece), your children’s days are filled with exploring, discovery, and fun! in a welcoming and inclusive school environment, we  families that come in all shapes, sizes, and configurations. our ece atmosphere encourages social, emotional, physical, and intellectual growth and development of the child as a whole…


learn more







religious school
main line reform temple’s religious school is innovative and progressive, a hands-on program designed to develop positive, jewish identities and build core jewish competencies for our students and families. we teach students the skills to participate comfortably in reform worship and to find meaning in prayer, to become familiar with the jewish holidays…


learn more







the tribe
thetribe addresses the unique interests and needs of our teens – from 8th through 12th grades. time is divided between grade level curricula aimed at opening our youths’ minds and a focus on life through a jewish perspective. we have created an  immersive elective program based in art, music, israel, technology, video editing, sports, drama, and more…


learn more







lifelong learning
mlrt proudly provides  a stimulating  variety of learning opportunities for our congregants at every stage of their lives. our expansive adult education program provides an exciting array of educational and social programs and courses for adults and seniors including short story discussions, torah study, bible class, lecture series, and more…


learn more


become a member of our mlrt family


join us

























welcome! our members come from all walks of life and from many different religious backgrounds and ethnicities.  coming from all ages and backgrounds, as singles and marrieds, with or without children, as blended families, as interfaith families, as lgbtq. and as people with special needs.
410 montgomery ave
wynnewood pa 19096
temple office: 610.649.7800
ece office: 610.642.0304
religious school: 484.413.2060

in the event of an emergency, please call 610.526.0416
shabbat times


powered by hebcal shabbat times


quick links 
join us
give
member login
early childhood education
religious school
calendar
shabbat

homepage photo supplied by amc photography

















2020 © main line reform temple
























































