



wakefield family history sharing






wakefield family history sharing

















wakefield family history sharing 
                   
 british army world war one records 
  and probate calendars are now online at ancestry.co.uk
    
millions of records are on find my past including 
family history society transcripts

visit my new gen blog - see what i've been up to in the family history and website line and what i got upto on the way!! 
  you can now also follow me on facebook and twitter with news and snippets galore




message board 
leave your requests for help, names and place search  here on the new board.
leave also, comments, hints and tips for visiting and contacting archives, libraries, museums etc., positive & negative welcome, but still be polite!!!

          visit the 
guestbook  
and leave your comments and suggestions on  what you would like to see on these pages 
visit the shop for
    transcripts, books, pictures


what's new since your last visit ?

 







                 photo album
- photographs of wakefield old 
          and new.  other sections on this site also have 
    photograph albums 
 







genealogy junction
uk, france & belgium 

-  sister sites  
      -  
   chantry chapel on the  bridge

moray family history sharing



 who are you ? have you a photograph of someone you know but who are the other people captured in time ? 
visit the 'who are you ?' gallery or send in your who are you ? pictures 














 




 

 
 


 
 
 





     â 
  
let me know where you come from. click on the guestmap and 
  'stick your virtual pin' in the map.      


abbreviations


        abbreviations used in genealogy


       
      military abbreviations used in 
  service records and military papers


addresses    


        useful addresses for both home and abroad


allegations and bonds    


        names, parishes and marriage venues 
      for 1690-1714. work in progress


bibliography (books)       


        a selection of 
      books that may be of interest to those with an interest in wakefield, its 
      surroundings and history or general family   history (best viewed in ie, thus allowing the links to be seen) also includes books that are available from amazon and abebooks.co.uk 


buildings        


       
        buildings in kirkgate c1967 
      before the modernisation of the area
        buildings/areas that have a blue plaque       
        listed buildings in the city 
      and the surrounding areas of 
      wakefield
        a walk around 
      newmillerdam in pictures 
        the orangery, clarke hall + 
      the town and county halls in pictures 
        
        photographs of listed buildings 
      and those of a local interest
        photographs of blue plaques and a 
      list of those buildings with a blue plaque
         york house, drury lane, wakefield 


cemeteries (for churchyards see churches and their records)


         cemetaries and memorials in the uk and abroad included in the ww1 roll of honour. (part) for wakefield (updated november 2005)
        
      chapelthorpe cemetery - a selection of headstones, plus names on the  war memorial (additional info) 






 
census


       transcripts of 
      institutions for census night 1891. including staff of the pauper lunatic 
      asylum, clayton hospital, wakefield prison - ongoing project
        1851, 1861, 1871, 1881 & 1891 census transcripts 
      of the pupils and staff at silcoates school, 
      wrenthorpe. see also 
       
        west riding house of refuge 
      extracts of the 1861 census from st johns wakefield 
       
        west riding house of refuge 
      extracts of the 1871 census from st johns wakefield 


charts       printable charts & 
research logs etc for keeping your research organised!! for example : fan chart, 
family group sheet,research log and inquiry                  forms,
churches, their records
and churchyards
  






        the
  chantry chapel of st 
  mary the virgin.




        church of england  parishes in 
  the diocese of wakefield.




       
  church locations in wakefield.  
  map may take some time to view also includes archive references for those 
  churches named




        churches, chapels
  in walkers 
  history of wakefield.




        churchyards, pictures of  
  mi's from various churchyards in the area
    
holy trinity, ossett 
st helen's, sandal
st john's, ossett incl memorial to casualties of war buried within the chapel yard 
st mary's, woodkirk incl. war memorial link     
st mary magdelene, outwood
st michael's, east ardsley
st michaels, wragby including cwgc headstone wragby war memorial & roll of honour 
st oswald's, methley
st paul's, alverthorpe
st peter's, stanley
st peter's, warmfield
st peter's, woolley
wakefield cathedral (all saints, wakefield)
wragby churchyard 






        lofthouse war memorial including church memorial plaque




       
  non-conformist churches and 
  chapels in the wakefield area.




        baptisms, marriages and burials 
  - where are they and what years can i search ( coming 
  soon )     




        
transcripts of baptisms, marriages and burials. 
  	
dewsbury baptisms 1844 - 1866
dewsbury burials 1813 - jan 1822
great ayton burials 1773 - 1812
hartshead burials 1692 - 1812 
horbury baptisms and burials 1770 - 1812
horbury marriages 1774 - 1812
leeds, st peters burials 1769 - 1819
wetherby burials 1848 - 1865 - not available at this time 
		
west witton burials 1822 - 1845 






        st johns methodist memorial to those who died in the two wars buried in the churchyard 


 
         zion united reform church ww1 memorial 




 
   






dialect       


        local slang
- some words are know beyond the area, others are within the 
      local area
        the  language of ww1 & ww2 in short forms and slang


dictionaries


        
a-z of genealogical 
          terms
        abbreviations
      used in genealogy
        
      latin 
        terminology can come in useful when reading older documents
       
        medical terms
       
        military terms
       
      occupations


education    


       
        altofts school admission 
          records 1875 -1914 information given is :- names, addresses, 
      father/mother, date entered.
        extracts from the history of queen elizabeth grammar school, 
      including past headmasters, pupils and history of the building      
         queen elizabeth grammar school war memorial     
        
       1851, 1861, 1871, 1881 & 1891 census transcripts of the pupils and staff at silcoates school, wrenthorpe. see also 
       
        schools in the area where your 
      ancestors may have gone
         silcoates school war memorials for wwi and wwii 


electoral registers   


       
        absent voters lists for 1918.  
      this gives names, addresses, army numbers and regiment, in most cases 
(work in progress)
        
poll book of 1865 - who voted 
      for mr leatham, sir j c d hay and who did not vote  


events, exhibitions  


       
        opening times, access for places to 
      see and things to do in the wakefield area etc.


family  & local history groups


       
 
pontefract
         
       
        morley & district family 
      history group
       
        wakefield & district family 
          history society


language


       
latin terminology can come in useful 
      when reading older documents
        latin names can also be useful. you will also be surprised how many names / words you can recognise still used in our modern 
      language ! 


links


        a comprehensive list 
      under various subjects with links to sites specialising in a variety of 
        subjects that could be of use to family historians.
       
       


maps


        links to maps 
      of wakefield can be found on this page - 
      other maps will coming soon


mailing list    


        wakefieldfhs mailing 
      list not only covers the wakefield area but also any queries you may have 
      regarding family and  local history. join the wakefield family         history 
      sharing rootsweb mailing list and receive e-mails from members 
      
      posting 
      interests,  questions &   help wanted. a friendly and social way to gain 
              information and help others.


military


        abbreviations military - as used in service records, military papers, publications and in the language of those with military connections 
        roll of honour.  
      members of the normandy veterans association leeds 61 branch, who have died since the 
      
      association was founded  and who are         commemorated at pegasus wood, temple newsam, 
      leeds.  60th anniv. of d. day rehearsal  pictures for the service in  leeds parish church, june 13th         2005 the 
      60th anniversary 
        of d-day service  
        the  language of ww1 & ww2 in short forms and slang
        
      nelly spindler, staff nurse during ww1
        south african memorial to those of horbury + additional information for those on the plaque 
       
        those who served the community of 
      wakefield.  whether a nurse, police or fireman or a soldier - why not add your picture to this page.          
        
war memorials - from the wakefield area - incl. ossett, rhyill, wragby and many more        
        war memorials for other areas can be found at genealogyjunction including eton college ; areas just outside wakefield ; other counties and some memorials and         cwgc headstones in france and belgium 


       ww1 roll of honour. (part) for wakefield (updated november 2005) 
       war memorial - guide to 
      regimental order. useful when looking on commonwealth war graves commission 
      
      memorials such  a menin gate at ypres (ipres),         gives 
      you the knowledge to know which regiment is top of the 'pecking order' and 
      where the other regiments fit into that order.


 



         

         




miscellaneous


         advice from
      mcafee 
      & pc-cillian regarding viruses etc
         
day of week & 
        soundex calculator
         this day in history
         transcribers are needed 
      for the freereg project which is 
      hosted by rootsweb.  if you would like to know more about the  venture 
      visit the website or can          you spare some time and would like to take 
      part - contact the co-ordinator for your chosen county.   


names       


         
naming traditions, 
      names and nic-names. (this may take a little time to load, due to the amount of information on the page) 
        
      add your own surnames to the worldwide list of name 
        being researched, areas,dates, additional info, where included and email address of researcher.  if you have 
          included your interests, please re-visit to check the email address is 
          correct
           who were the chief costables, bishops, rectors, vicars and provosts etc., mentioned in walkers history of wakefield  
         ww1 roll of honour. (part) for wakefield (updated november 2005)
         names and areas from a 
      notebook of william scarth of wakefield born 
      february 1800      


newspapers  


        a selection of yorkshire 
      newspapers giving dates and places where film or fiche copies can be 
      viewed.


occupations    


        lofthouse colliery memorial 
         a list of occupations past and present found in all kinds of documents. 
         those who served the community of 
      wakefield.  whether a nurse, police or fireman or a soldier - why not add your picture to this page. 
       
        who were the chief costables, bishops, rectors, vicars and provosts etc., mentioned in walkers history of wakefield  
        james edwin baines, and member of lafayette's touring theatre company 


people


        james edwin baines, and member of lafayette's touring theatre company
        gething and fordham families of outwood and stanley 
        lord mayors of dewsbury 1862-1993
        lord mayors of wakefield 1848-1938 
       
nelly spindler, staff nurse during ww1
        
those who served the community of 
      wakefield.  whether a nurse, police or fireman or a soldier - why not add your picture to this page. 
          60th anniv. of d.day rehearsal  pictures for the service in  leeds parish church. june 13th 2005 the 60th anniversary of d-day  service 
        names and areas from a 
      notebook of william scarth of wakefield born 
      february 1800 
        south african memorial to those of horbury + additional information for those on the plaque 
        who were the chief constables, bishops, rectors, vicars and provosts etc., mentioned in walkers history of wakefield     


photographs      


         churchyards, pictures of  
      mi's from various churchyards in the area  - 
      see churchyards for listings  
         
        photographs of listed 
          buildings and those of particular local interest.
         
        blue plaques
         a collection of photographs of those who served, either in the forces, in the police or served the community 
      in some way 
         a walk around 
      newmillerdam in pictures 
        the orangery, clarke hall + 
      the town and county halls in pictures
  


poor    


         township of 
      wakefield, statement of accounts 1858.  
      transcripts of in-door and out-door paupers, unpaid rates and empty property - a very interesting          transcript from the overseer accounts
         
the wakefield 
          union accounts 1886. was a family member getting money from the union, if so 
      you can see how   much they received and for what reason.
         overseers of the poor 1887.


population


        
population of towns, villages and 
      hamlets in the wakefield and south leeds areas for the periods 1801 - 1831 
    


public houses


        
public houses c 
        1890 also gives rg ref for 1891 census


strays


        
individuals and families 
      who moved away from wakefield.
        lost, but found in wakefield.  
      people born out of area, sometimes out of county and even country but found in wakey.


streets/yards    


          street, lane, yards, terraces etc in the wakefield city boundary 
        yards in wakefield. 
      sourced from census, electoral registers, maps  etc.


surnames     


        south african memorial to those of horbury + additional information for those on the plaque 
       worldwide list of name being researched areas and dates + email address of researcher.


trade directories


       
        white 1853 trade directory. included are :- 
      councillors, chief constables, members of parliament and people of note from 
      wakefield and local traders.


voting records  see electoral registers
wakefield


        
        events, exhibitions and 
          places of local interest including opening times, access, charges etc.     
        
        facts & snippets for 
      wakefield.
         the history of queen elizabeth grammar school, including past headmasters, pupils and history of 
      the building
         a walk around 
      newmillerdam in pictures 
         lord mayors of wakefield 1848-1938 
         the orangery, 
      clarke hall + the town and county halls in pictures
         names and areas from a 
      notebook of william scarth of wakefield born 
      february 1800   
        
      members elected to parliament in the poll 
        of 1865 - includes who voted for who and who did not vote  
         street, lane, yards, terraces etc in the wakefield city boundary 
         township of wakefield, 
      statement of accounts 1858.
        
        ww1 roll of honour. (part)
        
        walkers  history of 
          wakefield - transcripts of various places. including names of chief constables, bishops & vicars, mayors etc                   
         yards in wakefield. 
      sourced from census, electoral registers etc.






war memorials


         war memorials - from the wakefield area - incl. ossett, rhyill, wragby and many more 
         war memorials for other areas can be found at genealogyjunction including eton college ; areas  outside wakefield ; and some cwgc in france 


wills


       















            








 whats new 
please report if you find any broken or out of date links to :- broken links   thanks 
â©   carol sklinar 
2001 - 2011  includes all 
pages under wakefieldfhs hosting
no parts of  any pages on this website may be copied 
without the written permission of the owner. 
 


