











new homes in montgomery county pa | w.b homes
















































(215) 800-3075



page 1 








(215) 800-3075questions?
service request
 


fill 1 search




new home finder

neighborhoods
quick move-ins


experience w.b.

our story
your hometown builder
the team
happy homeowners


make it easy

your vision
your next step
new home advisor
financing


get inspired

photos & video
w.b. blog


contact us
 

















          find your new home        





neighborhoods
search now ❭
neighborhoods





quick move-ins
search now ❭
quick move-ins





our story
search now ❭
our story















need help? talk with donna, your trusted new home advisor. donna offers customer support and delivers world-class service to make the home buying experience easy and enjoyable for every w.b. homes customer.              

contact donna










            now selling | sterling walk          

now selling in lansdale, pa! sterling walk, the best-value, luxury townhomes in the north penn school district. schedule a private appointment today!
 



learn more










we would like to thank you for all that you have done to help us in creating the perfect home for our family. we appreciate your design expertise and the thoughtful way in which you explained each step of the selection process to us. we are thoroughly pleased with all the fixtures, cabinets, and colors you helped us to select.

                      – david and diana, telford                    






new vs. used: that is the question!
new vs. used: that is the question! are you ready for a new place to call home, but grappling between a new custom home and a pre-owned home? one of the biggest decisions to be made during the homebuying journey is whether to connect with a custom home builder and build new or call up … continued
read more


















w.b. homes is proud to be philadelphia’s largest privately-held homebuilder, serving our neighbors in bucks and montgomery counties, pennsylvania. let us show you the beauty and craftsmanship of our neighborhoods.
find your new home
our new home advisor helps you establish your needs and goals, then matches you up with a w.b. neighborhood that perfectly fits the location you want to be in and the type of home you want to build. whether you prefer a low-maintenance townhome or a stately single-family home with a spacious yard, we have plenty of available floor plans to choose from.
neighborhoods
use our online search tool to find an active w.b. homes neighborhood in bucks or montgomery counties. you can search by home type, including single-family, carriage and townhome styles, which will help you determine which home type and location resonates with the needs of your family.
home types offered by your pa custom home builders
we are happy to answer any questions that may come up along the way during your new home journey. besides the overall style choice of a single-home, carriage or townhouse, you can choose from many other design elements, including whether you prefer the master suite upstairs or downstairs. our neighborhoods feature a wide variety of open-concept floorplans so we can meet the needs of first-time buyers, those with growing families, downsizers, and everything in-between. explore the different home types and let us know what you think may work best for you.
quick move-ins
need to move quickly but still want the look of a custom home? our available quick move-in new homes in montgomery county pa & bucks county pa may be your perfect match. these homes are available for a 30 to 90 day move-in and are hand-picked by our experienced in-house design team, giving you the best of both worlds. design features in these homes are carefully selected to include the features that most new homebuyers want in their new home, so you don’t have to compromise on the design finishes that are important to you. also, depending on how far along a quick move-in home is in the construction process, you may still be able to customize your own design selections while still meeting your needed move-in date. win-win! search for available quick move-in’s here.
contact us
w.b. homes is a family-owned business with more than 35 years’ experience as custom home builders. it began in the ’80s when founder william “bill” bonenberger learned the craft of home building. years later, he’s still dedicated to providing our homebuyers with a high-quality home that you’ll love living in for years to come. contact us today at (215) 800-3075 to get started.












×







explore our neighborhoods











              meet donna, your trusted new home advisor            

as a helpful resource, donna’s here for you. she knows all about the neighborhoods we build and can help guide you towards making the best decisions about your perfect w.b. home.


let's get started








contact w.b. homes

×



 












first name


last name


email


phone


zip code



message








 

 











contact us
site map
privacy policy
 











































        © copyright 2025 w.b. homes, inc.













     











