






marion county democratic party | marion county, florida






















































 






















home
donate
volunteer
news
events
vote

elections
early voting sites
vote by mail
el voto por correo
who can vote
how to register to vote
voter id requirements


about us

dec officers
committees


resources

leadership + representatives
legislation
democrat-owned businesses
información en español

























followfollowfollowfollowfollow



 











welcome to the marion county democratic party













help us build a blue wall for weil!

by marion county democratic party | february 9, 2025 | elections & candidates, news | 0 commentsdemocrat josh weil is running for u.s. house of representatives for district 6 if you're not sure which district you're in, click here to see a map... 
read more 








let’s turn out the vote for josh weil!

by marion county democratic party | february 2, 2025 | elections & candidates, news | 0 commentsjosh weil wins the special election primary for u.s. house of representatives district 6 josh is running against republican randy fine, a trump... 
read more 








message from nikki fried, fdems chair

by marion county democratic party | february 2, 2025 | news | 0 commentsas you may have heard, i was elected to another term as chair of the florida democratic party over the weekend. it’s been the honor of my life to be... 
read more 











volunteer for canvassing!



contact your representatives!










marion county young dems
are you under 45? get together with like-minded progressives!





monthly meetings
please join us at our monthly dec meeting the first monday of every month at 6pm at our offices, or sign up to receive an invitation to join via zoom online.

donatebecome part of the solution. support marion county democrats.
click here









volunteerlooking to make a difference? volunteer with us! it’s going to take all of us working year-round to assure change at election time. let’s all work together to be a part of history and turn florida blue!
click here





join a clubmeet fellow democrats in your neighborhood for community, fun, and support, and and help grow our democratic base. check out our clubs page for your local opportunities to work with other dems.
click here





register to vote nowbe prepared to vote in city, county, state and federal elections! check your voter status, request a vote by mail ballot at the link below. voting is your superpower—use it!
click here





attend eventscheck out our upcoming events, get inspired & meet other democrats working to elect democrats. we have volunteer days! there are 80,000 registered democrats in marion county! 
click here













please leave this field emptysubscribe to marion dems news!









<b>check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription, and remember to add contact@mariondems.org to your contacts so we don't end up in your spam folder!</b>
        
 















sign-up for marion dems news!











please leave this field empty







check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription, and remember to add contact@mariondems.org to your contacts so we don't end up in your spam folder!
        
 







followfollowfollowfollowfollow



marion county democratic party
the office is generally open the following hours:*tuesday & saturday 10 am–1 pmthursday 11 am–1 pm
*please confirm that one of our volunteers will be there when you arrive. 

contact us




marion dems
contact us
team














marion county democratic party | 970 sw 6th avenue, suite 108, ocala, fl 34471 united states | 352-402-9494







paid for and approved by the marion county dec



 


































































