



























west chester university


skip to main content of page



					to access many of the new west chester university website features, you'll need to turn on javascript and enable cookies.
					you can do this in your web browser's settings area.
				













requestinfo
visitcampus
applynow
givetoday


menu




search the wcu website





main search
search wcu

















academics
admissions
student life
athletics
arts
faculty/staff
alumni
give















video description (this video does not have audio) for the video above:
								scene 1: student in a workshop looking at designs. camera passes in front of students and gradually turns.
								scene 2: two students sitting at a table talking.
								scene 3: students in a lab.
								scene 4: students sitting in the dining hall eating and talking.
								scene 5: two students sitting in a lounge area working on laptops.
								scene 6: outside, anderson hall on the right with a person walking a dog heading towards the camera.
								scene 7: students in a kitchen lab cooking.
								scene 8: students at commencement, moving their tassels on their cap from one side to another.
							

pause video







pause













close notices


notice: 



west chester university






something happens when you find yourself here. you find your passion. you find it in labs, lectures, out in left field. you find it on stage, behind a camera, in front of a blank page. you find more than a direction. you find your element.

apply
request information




find your program
choosing a program begins a transformative journey. here you will find a range of options—some science learning, majors for creative types, and several somewhere in between—and whatever direction you choose, you will find a path to a wiser you.



main search
program search:

submit



see all programs









find your element. feed your mind.academics
with over 180 diverse academic opportunities, west chester university has made it possible for every student to find their element. with degrees ranging from accounting to african american studies to marine biology, we’re confident that our students can find what they love and make it their own.
academics









so much life. so many things.student life
everyone has their thing, and no matter what yours happens to be, we're confident you can find it among our 300+ clubs and organizations. whether you’re interested in the naacp or the bollywood dance club, passion is in our dna and it is our priority that we help you find yours.
living on campus
student resources
organizations




















let the journey begin.admissions
when you choose wcu you choose discovery. with 64 undergraduate programs, 43 tracks, 90 minors and 44 fields of study—not to mention the close proximity to philly, dc and nyc—you can't avoid finding new perspectives, new passions, a new you.
admissions
scholarships
financial aid








				where you least expect it, you'll find it.
			









				when the reaction surprises you, you'll find it.
			









				when you are here, you'll find it.
			









all of us share a deep passion for west chester university and this passion continues to grow exponentially with each graduating class. i fell in love with wcu when i first came to this campus many years ago and i want every student to fall in love with wcu, too. i want students to feel that when they step onto this campus they belong here, they're happy that they came here, and this is where they want to be.
- west chester university president r. lorraine bernotsky, dphil



location
we're proud of our beautiful campus and the unique charm that defines west chester. but with three of the country's most dynamic cities - dc, philadelphia and new york city - just a short ride away, escapes are kind of necessary.
our locations



visit the newsroom

west chester university news
02.13.25students assist in winter salt stream snapshotwcu students recently volunteered alongside stroud water research center scientists to collect and test water samples from area streams to determine the concentration of road salt making its way to local freshwater ecosystems.02.13.25wcu launches one-day, national marketing campaign with the chronicle of higher educationwest chester university (wcu) is making a major statement in higher education marketing through an impressive advertising campaign with the chronicle of higher education. on wednesday, february 19, wcu will dominate the chronicle’s homepage, ensuring maximum visibility  as it takes its place as a thought leader on a national stage.  02.11.25alumni, faculty, and students honored at mlk celebrationthis year's west chester university martin luther king, jr., celebration, organized and hosted by the society of wcu (formerly wcu's frederick douglass society), saw the presentation of several awards.02.05.25yesterday and today: the interactive beatles experience coming to wcu on feb. 28west chester university's wcu live! series will present yesterday and today: the interactive beatles experience on friday, february 28, at 7 p.m. tickets range from $20 - $30 and are now on sale to the public at www.wcupatix.com/wculive  or 610.436.2266. the event takes place in the emilie k. asplundh concert hall, philips memorial building, 700 s. high street, west chester.02.03.25third-year early childhood education major, gabby kopczynskie, named miss west chester university 2025west chester university student gabby kopczynskie was crowned miss west chester university (wcu) during the 26th live competition held on saturday, february 1, in emilie k. asplundh concert hall on the university's campus. kopczynskie is an early childhood education major with a special education minor from freeland, pa.





media guideto wcu faculty experts
visit the media guide to wcu faculty experts to find a faculty member with expertise in a specific field.

dr. julie wiestprofessorcollege of sciences and mathematicsdr. meghan ramickassistant professorcollege of health sciencesdr. marcos campillo-fenollprofessorcollege of arts & humanities


view all faculty experts



upcoming events
feb18faculty recital: daniel cherry, trombonetuesday, february 18, 2025, 7:30 - 9pmfeb19new music at wcu featuring evan chapmanwednesday, february 19, 2025, 7:30 - 9pmfeb20wcu chamber winds & concert band concertthursday, february 20, 2025, 7:30 - 9pmfeb21and now: a word from our friends lecture seriesfriday, february 21, 2025, 11am - 12pm


view all campus events





visit
schedule a virtual tour











close



health notices
academics
admissions
student life
athletics
arts
faculty/staff
alumni
departments
request info
visit campus
apply now
give today
webmail
mywcu
ramportal
d2l
navigate









go to the wcu facebook page






















go to the wcu x page





go to the wcu youtube page





go to the wcu instagram page











				west chester university
				700 south high street
				west chester, pa 19383
			
610-436-1000



campus map
wcu alert text messaging
wcu weather
emergency services
facilities news & reports
penndot high street updates




right to know requests
hea student consumer
fraud, waste, & abuse
pa whistleblower law (pdf)
non-discrimination statement (pdf)




				west chester university
				700 south high street
				west chester, pa 19383
			
610-436-1000



				© west chester university
			
last updated:





  
















back to top of page.






