


















core homepage | core


















      skip to main content
    













utility






about ala


ala connect


ala websites


job board




join | renew


donate


login











menu




ala menu




utility






about ala


ala connect


ala websites


job board




join | renew


donate


login








main navigation




membership



membership home


member center


give to ala


get involved with ala


committees


divisions


round tables









advocacy & issues



advocacy & issues home


banned & challenged books


intellectual freedom


public policy


equity, diversity & inclusion


literacy


privacy









conferences & events



conferences & events home


events calendar


past & future ala conferences


criteria for conference site selection


library celebration days









awards & grants



awards & grants home


book, print & media awards


grants


professional recognition


purchase awards seals


recommended print & media lists









education & careers



education & careers home


ala elearning


joblist career center


accredited programs


ala scholarships


become a librarian









tools & resources



tools & resources home


programming & exhibitions


center for the future of libraries


ala standards & guidelines


products & publications


libraries transforming communities


research & library topics


news & press













































































menu










utility






about ala


ala connect


ala websites


job board




join | renew


donate


login











core microsite nav




about



board of directors


bylaws


code of conduct


elections


history & annual reports


mission & strategic plan


org chart


staff


core handbook


sponsors


supporting core









advocacy & issues






awards & scholarships



ala john cotton dana library public relations award


ala/aia library building awards


ala/iida library interior design awards


career lift award


christian (chris) larew memorial scholarship in library and information technology


course scholarship for library professionals from developing countries


frederick g. kilgour award for research in library and information technology


hugh c. atkinson memorial award


margaret mann citation


pr xchange awards


presidential citations


spectrum scholarship in library and information technology









conferences



core @ ala annual 2025


core avramcamp


core 5 year anniversary events


core forum ↗️









continuing education



core ce calendar


classrooms


core competencies for cataloging and metadata professional librarians


core reading club


courses


e-forums


free recordings ↗️


interest group week


leadership & management competencies


subscribe to elearning updates  ↗️


webinars


teach an online course for core  ↗️


teach a webinar for core ↗️









member center



find your core


benefits of membership


committees


find committee volunteer opportunities


interest groups


mentoring program


new member faq


representatives


sections


subscribe to email updates  ↗️









publications



books


core news ↗️


journals


publish with core ↗️


additional publications & resources









resources & tools



best practices for academic interviews


core reading club


duplicates exchange union (deu)


equity, diversity, and inclusion resources


federated authentication resources


foreign book dealers directory ↗️


free on-demand recordings ↗️


guidelines and standards


library assessment repository ↗️


library consultants directory ↗️


core sandboxes


library privacy guidelines ↗️


preservation statistics


preservation week ↗️


prices of u.s. and foreign published materials

























































































core: leadership, infrastructure, futures is the national association that advances the profession of librarians and information providers in central roles of buildings & operations, leadership & management, metadata & collections, and technology. core members play a central role in every library, shaping the future of the profession by striking a balance between maintenance and innovation, process and progress, collaborating and leading. our members serve in every level of responsibility for the implementation and maintenance of core services, from the practitioners who keep things running day-to-day to the innovators going in new directions to those making funding decisions, as well as the library school students who will shape the future. for and by members, core delivers mentoring, learning, networking, and leadership opportunities across library types and experience levels. we support each other through collective challenges by building and sustaining a more equitable and accessible future, one core member at a time.








        find your core: get involved in our sections
      












 




access & equity





 




buildings & operations





 




leadership & management





 




metadata & collections





 




preservation





 




technology











announcements


core forum call for proposals and open house
gain new skills with the core fundamentals courses 
interest group week march 3-7
preservation week 2025: april 27 – may 3
a key benefit of core membership
















core forum call for proposals is currently open. submissions are due march 2. submit your proposal.
attend the core forum open house on january 29, 2025 at 2:30 pm central time. register in advance for this meeting.
 
learn more


















participate in an online fundamentals course on topics like acquisitions, cataloging, collection assessment, collection development & management, digital library projects, electronic resources acquisitions, management, metadata, preservation, and universal design for learning.
learn more


















interest group week happens the first full week of march each year. it consists of 30 discussions and programs over 5 days, all free and open to everyone. each session lasts one hour. each year's schedule is posted the first week in february, and registration links are added as information is submitted by the individual interest groups. recordings are posted the second week in march.
learn more


















preservation week inspires action to preserve your collections. we believe that memories and treasures should last a lifetime and beyond, and that these physical and digital materials support both community and cultural identities. focusing on preservation for a designated week every year raises awareness of the role libraries and other cultural institutions play in preservation, by sharing information to help make informed decisions that help your collections last for the future.
the 2024 preservation week theme was preserving identities. the 2025 theme and honorary chair will be announced this fall.
visit the preservation week website for great resources to get started, stay up to date on a topic, solve a specific preservation challenge, or find guidance to share with others.
consider becoming a sponsor to support the work of preservation week!


















to help our members learn new skills and software to grow their careers, we're excited to offer access to the core oclc wms sandbox. any core member can request a login for the sandbox to learn how to use oclc's worldshare management services (wms) system and get hands-on practice at no additional cost. even if your library doesn't use wms, this unique learning opportunity gives library workers who want to learn new skills and systems the ability to work directly in a library management system.
learn more























 




 on-demand recordings for members



learn new skills and tools with our archive of free recordings exclusively for members














 




get involved



find groups to join and activities to guide your core journey














 




 register now for ala annual 2025



submit an ala 2025 annual conference program proposal for core. proposals are due by september 23, 2024, and you don’t need to be a core member to submit one. 














 




support our work



core members play a central role in every library, shaping the future of the profession by striking a balance between maintenance and innovation, process and progress, collaborating and leading. you can help cultivate and amplify the collective expertise.
















previous element


next element










why join core?


stay current
learn new skills
engage with colleagues
volunteer
















we know that staying current in your field is a top priority.
as a core member, you have access to a wide array of resources, educational opportunities, and events focused on the topics that interest you most. keep yourself informed with these core benefits.
continuing education recording archive 
core journals core books 
ig week conferences


















we know that learning new skills is a top priority.
core members receive significant discounts on online learning opportunities in a variety of formats. upskill with these continuing education benefits designed to meet your needs.
courses classrooms webinars
e-forums sandboxes


















we know that connecting with colleagues is a top priority.
your core membership affords you diverse opportunities to network and collaborate with other members. consider the following avenues for meeting more of your new community.
interest groups e-forums conferences


















we know that volunteering is a top priority.
core is sustained by an incredible network of member volunteers who support the division's work in every area. new members are welcome to select volunteer opportunities through which they can contribute their existing talents or develop new ones. the following are key ways you can serve core while making the most of your membership.
interest groups committees 
sections mentoring 
continuing education publishing






















core news




          karen snow: candidate for core metadata and collections section chair-elect
        
2 days ago



          new issue of lrts
        
5 days ago



          this week in core – february 10
        
6 days ago



          critical conversations: a series of thought-provoking discussions with contributing authors from critical library leadership: managing self and others in today’s academic library
        
1 week ago



          virtual volunteer judges wanted for 2025 pr xchange awards competition
        
1 week ago


browse more news









find your core

















        our books & publications
      


          all core publications
          










 




inclusive cataloging: histories, context, and reparative approaches



filling a gap in the literature, this volume provides librarians and catalogers with practical approaches to reparative cataloging as well as a broader understanding of the topic and its place in the technical services landscape.







price
64.99











 




liberatory librarianship: stories of community, connection, and justice



contributors representing a variety of contexts demonstrate the ways in which libraries can leverage their systems and resources to support the work of underrepresented, minoritized, or marginalized people to increase freedom, justice, community, and broa







price
64.99











 




sudden selector's guide to anthropology resources—eeditions pdf e-book



anthropology is arguably one of the most diverse fields in academe. it ranges in focus from archaeology to evolution and primate studies, to linguistics, and to observation of current cultural practices. methodologically, it may include any combination of







price
30.50











 




open access literature in libraries: principles and practices



opening libraries to the exciting possibilities of open access, this book outlines both its strategic and practical aspects, showing librarians how to understand and support oa regardless of their organizational context or resources.







price
59.99













previous element


next element























 



core microsite footer


sections


committees


interest groups


core connect






social media
 


instagram
twitter
youtube















225 n michigan ave., ste 1300
chicago, il 60601
1.800.545.2433




offices


news & press


divisions


work at ala


round tables


shop


committees





 


facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube
threads
bluesky





donate




footer utility


 


facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube
threads
bluesky







ala websites


accessibility


privacy policy


user guidelines


site index


feedback


work at ala


© 1996–2025 american library association













