


fine hydrocal castings by c. c. crow - index - 
model railroad structure kits and masonry castings










     f i n e   h y d r o c a l   c a s t i n g s   b y   c.   c.   c r o w    
  p.   o.   b o x   1 4 2 7        m u k i l t e o,     w a     9 8 2 7 5     u s a     



 crow's home 

 ho scale kits 

 builders in scale 

  ccc availability 

 crow's how 2 

 order crow's 

 contact ccc 







fine hydrocal castings by c. c. crow
for craftsman and beginners         high quality and great fun














    attention - special notice





    shop closed - dec. 2023 - storage limbo



    sorry. unfortunately, with the passing of my father clarence 
i need to shutdown the shop and move to a new loacation. 
this will take time and not be easy. 
i'm not young anymore and the housing market here near seattle is hyper-inflated and stagnant. 
almost everywhere is it seems.
    i spent the first half of '23 packing up my shop and home of 45 years. 
there was not a square inch in the basement that didn't have something packed into it. 
working from few to no hours of sleep at the end somehow i packed it into 10 x 35 feet 
to the ceiling. it will be a two hour special on storage wars someday. 
    after removing everything, repairing, painting, preparing the house for sale, 
it was sold and now dealing with the estate, probate and lawyers... 
i'm stuck in storage limbo for the time being. it sucks.
    i hope to get back to production but at this point i'm not sure when. 
it's not for lack of trying. 





   welcome to my web site!





    i have been producing my fine hydrocal casting and kits for 
model railroaders since 1983. 
hydrocal is a dense castable gypsum cement (similar to plaster of paris) in which 
i have artistically carved, scribed and cast masonry detail to very precise scale. 
from simple brick and stone scratch-building panels to complex multi-stall roundhouse, 
with much in between. inside this site you'll find information on my castings and kits, 
and much much more. 
    see  price & availability   
  for current details.

    besides just selling castings and kits i'll give you an inside look 
at how i do it. my way of giving back to the hobby, not just taking. 
    
    on-line clinic intro and list     







    where we left off . . .





    2nd run of the ridgway roundhouse 
    and brick office building in hon3. 

    this is a major update to the original run. check it out.
    there is a long list of these reserved years ago. i'm about halfway 
through doing so in batches and finishing up a batch now. my apologies but-- i did the 
best i could do.
   ridgway roundhouse info    







    durango roundhouse kit in on3


sidewall of my d&rgw brick roundhouse in sn3
- click on the photo to jump to that page  -


     12/2022 - a handful of full of 10-stall kits are available!
sorry i do not have any of the less than 10-stall so those must continue to wait 
along with the gunnison version. 
    the durango roundhouse (and gunnison) in o-scale. brick detail inside and out. 
laser-cut engine doors, windows, roof panels with rafter locating marks, and so on. barely fits on a 4 x 4 foot space. 
a masterpiece that will be the highlight of your model building experience. check it out:  

   on3 roundhouse kit information   

   pilot model construction   

   2006 convention album   
    if you reserved a kit and have not heard from me recently please 
contact me:  biscrow at outlook.com 
   roundhouse kit information   
    you guys are going to freak-out when you see glenn farley's 
gunnison roundhouse. it is truely an amazing model. even we look at in amazement and wonder who did that? 
glenn pushed me to produce not just one masterpiece but four, his gunnison, durango in original, "classic", 
with windowed engine doors, and late versions. 

   more on the gunnison model   



    durango roundhouse kit in hon3
    much is completed but not in production any time soon. 
the doors and windows are done in white metal. i've not make molds of the brick walls yet but the o-scale 
laser files will be resized for the ultimate detail. write to reserve. 





    additional offerings and info






  builders in scale   
check out the many builders supplies and kits at my other web site.

it too will be shutdown for the move. 












best to use e-mail to contact me
e-mail:

  c. c. crow     biscrow@outlook.com

please don't call to ask if i can do just one, for, because, etc. 
e-mail for replacement parts, back-orders, and current pending. 
e-mail to reserve is okay, but no guarantee when...  







    more items of interest


np hotel, easton, in ho scale!



        np hotel, easton - click on photo for details
    my northern pacific hotel at easton will make a great 
resting place for your busy crews. laser kits don't get any better than this! 



apples, oranges and other fruit
    i'm just completing the rejuvenation of the apple storage house 
kits, same in orange, and the fruit row series. these have been unavailable for several 
years but we are expecting a bumper crop this year after all that rain! 

    fruit industry kits     


herringbone brick platforms
    i've had my herringbone brick castings available for some time, 
but always knew i needed to do them in a diagonal pattern as commonly seen of the 
northern pacific and other railroads. so, here they are in ho. 
the set includes four 8" long castings (60 scale feet), one each 6, 8, 12 and 16 
scale feet wide. the casting are curbed (treat as stone or concrete) and one scale 
foot thick. easily cut them to fit your favorite depot today. 

    ho scratch building panels     












    scratch-building stock panels    





    listed below are my many offerings.





    just click on the title bar link and it will take you 
to those items. 
  links are different colors like this.  
    press   
crow's home   to take you to the top of my commercial home 
page from most of my navigation bars.
    use the buttons below to jump to the various sections.
    have fun and please come back often. i'll be adding new stuff 
all the time so mark this site as one of your favorites!






shopping cart information

once i'm back -- if you would like to order direct, please feel free to do so via phone, e-mail, 
letter or use our shopping cart.

see  price & availability   
  for full details.

c. c. crow / builders in scale
p. o. box 1427 mukilteo, wa   98275

phone - (425) 355-5622 ask for "clint"
(sorry, our voice mail has not worked for years.)
weekdays, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. pacific, (gmt minus 8 hours)






copyright c. c. crow
    as an artist i must protect my creations and respect those of 
others. all my castings, kits, parts, illustrations, plans, and instructions are copyright 
c. c. crow (or other legal terms for three-dimensional objects, but the 
same applies, i made them, please don't reproduce them without my permission).
because of bad expericences in the past i will not lisence or 
sell my patterns to others for commercial use. 











    shop closed - dec. 2023 - storage limbo



    sorry. unfortunately, with the passing of my father clarence 
i need to shutdown the shop and move to a new loacation. 
this will take time and not be easy. 
i'm not young anymore and the housing market here near seattle is hyper-inflated and stagnant. 
almost everywhere is it seems.
    i spent the first half of '23 packing up my shop and home of 45 years. 
there was not a square inch in the basement that didn't have something packed into it. 
working from few to no hours of sleep at the end somehow i packed it into 10 x 35 feet 
to the ceiling. it will be a two hour special on storage wars someday. 
    after removing everything, repairing, painting, preparing the house for sale, 
it was sold and now dealing with the estate, probate and lawyers... 
i'm stuck in storage limbo for the time being. it sucks.
    i hope to get back to production but at this point i'm not sure when. 
it's not for lack of trying. 










  c. c. crow 's home page  

  builders in scale  


c c c 's product pages


    ho scale structure kit list    

    o scale structure kit list    

    s scale structure kit list    

    n scale structure kit list    

    g scale structure kit list    

    scratch-building stock panels    

    ho scale fractured-stone    

    ho scale concrete items    

    ho scale parts    

    latest updates    

    availability    

    special deals    

    how to order c. c. crow items    

    hobby shop who care    

c c c 's references


    prototype reference photos    

    crow model reference photos    

    on-line clinic intro and list     

    ccc's published works    

    motorcycle stories     

    notes from the code den     

    link rot - my favorite web sites    

ho scale kits


    classic c. c. crow kits     

    the limited run kits     

    northern pacific kits     

    other railroad kits     

    on-line structure kits     

    off-line structure kits     

    fruit industry kits     

    concrete series     

    fractured stone series     

    scratch-building stock panels     

    latest updates    


    e-mail: biscrow@outlook.com   




.



sticks in the crow's nest

  cccrow.com  

  availability  

  builders in scale  

  crow's home  

  home list top  

  ho kit list  

  ho on-line kits  

  classic kits  

  limited run kits  

  northern pacific kits  

  other rr's kits  

  on-line kits  

  off-line kits  

  fruit industry kits  

  concrete series  

  fractured stone  

  scratch-stocks  

  misc. parts  

  prototype reference  

  ho stock panels  

  latest updates  

  reference photos  

  postcard albums  

  bmw motorcycle  

  crow's web nest  

  crow's how 2  

  order crow's  

  contact ccc  



sept. 15, 2004 
revised - ccc dec. 1, 2023




shopping cart

  see cart  











    top    


  c. c. crow     p. o. box 1427   
  mukilteo, wa   98275   usa  




