
      skowhegan savings bank  | banks in maine | maine banking
    






skip to main contentskip to footerdocuments in portable document format (pdf) require adobe acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view,download adobe® acrobat reader.skowhegan savings bank home pagedownload our free app in the app storegoogle play storego goclose smart banner   close alert 
      skowhegan savings bank  | banks in maine | maine banking
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentskowhegan savings bank menusearch mobile site  goclose mobile menu

about us


our company


board of directors 

senior management team

who we are 

annual report

recent news



our communities


community happenings 

workforce development fund

charitable giving

scholarship program 

explore maine events 



join our team


careers





personal


bank


checking

savings

cds & iras 

digital banking

credit cards

deposit rates



borrow


community bankers

home loans

heloc

construction loans

land loans

personal loans

mortgage rates





business


bank


checking

savings

cash management

payroll



borrow


commercial lenders

business financing

equipment financing 





resources


bank


deposit rates

mortgage rates

calculators

reorder checks



learn


mortgage resource center

digital banking faqs

straight talk blog



security


security center





connect


get in touch


contact us

locations & atms



our team


community bankers

commercial lenders





search site icon loginusername remember meenroll now   save on your home loan with
$500 off closing costs, today!
also ask how our bi-weekly mortgage option could help you 
save time and money off the life of your loan. our local mortgage team
is always here to help you along the way and on your time.




connect with a lender >>


    smart solutions for better
business cash management
discover our range of banking products and services, tailored 
to support your unique business needs. 




learn more >>


    get the most out of your online
account with estatements
enroll today and access your account statements from anywhere! 




get started >>


 rates online applications chat home loans
as low as
7.015% apr*  check rates >>  18 month
ira special
1.30% apy  check rates              
“the town of norridgewock is proud to partner with skowhegan savings for our municipal banking services. no matter the nature of our business, they are always honest, dedicated and professional."

  - richard labelle
town manager
town of norridgewock  
“we’re grateful for the support of skowhegan savings charitable foundation as we continue to work to improve the jackman community health center."
  - lori landis dwyer, esq.
president & ceo
pchc             close slidesearch site  goclose site search mortgage loans
a maine home lender who's with you every step of the way.

apply now >>
   personal checking

for the needs of today
and dreams of tomorrow. 



open account >>  business lending
here for the makers, the businesses that move maine forward.


get started >>
 swipe  we're here for all of your banking needs 
whether you're buying a home, growing your business, or just managing day-to-day finances, we have the products and local experts to help. at skowhegan savings, your goals are our priority - because your success is our business.  
   


     get to know skowhegan savings   


trusted for generations, we've been putting maine communities first since 1869. we truly are your neighbor, your friend, your banker.
 
learn more >>

   be a part of something special
skowhegan savings bank offers a wide variety of roles and opportunities for advancement so you can grow your career.  we believe in a healthy work-life balance and we encourage time out in our communities to volunteer. 

join our team >>  


   
  stay connected with us 
leave me blank for newsletter signup.

 full name  email address  sign me up there was an error submitting the form thank you! facebook icon linkedin icon instagram icon

contact us

terms & conditions

disclosures & privacy policy

routing number: 211274476nmls 499932©  skowhegan savingsmember fdicequal housing lender back to topclose modal 1 can't find it, build it!
  with a single close construction loan.   close modal 2 modal 2 title  modal 2 content  modal 2 video area
 close modal 3 modal 3 title
  modal 3 content  modal 3 video
 close modal 4 modal 4
      online bankingclose online banking loginusername  remember meenroll now  




explore a career >>  




connect with us >>  


get started >>
  
get the mortgage that is right for you.
 
learn more >>
  


  


