



diane brandon - integrative intuitive counselor - intuition teacher - intuition expert - dream interpretation - speaker - author - seminar leader


















 













 



 







 





 











 

 





 






 

















about diane
 
books, audio & video
 
work with diane
 
workshops & classes
 
press & media
 
contact
 
more >
 






 












  home





  private intuition lessons





  articles by diane






  exercises from   intuition for beginners





  dream interpretation





  corporate consulting





  interviews with diane





  latest newsletter





  workshop/presentation topics





  what's new





  recommended books





  testimonials/feedback





  naturally vibrant living radio show


      custom audio interviews


      radio guest training





  singing/acting demos





  linking info





  sitemap





  privacy

















 




 



 
i have moved.  please see my new contact information -- click here.
 
author, intuitive, speaker, teacher, coach, consultant, healer, born awarefacilitating, empowering, teaching, mentoring, & healing
author of:




 

 

 




 
praise for born aware:
“a compelling exploration of a spiritual phenomenon, born aware is fresh and engaging.”—foreword reviews
"born aware is brilliant, brave, and beautiful.  it is a giant step forward in the understanding of consciousness and spiritual dna." - laurie nadel, phd
"born aware  is a beautiful and brilliant book...." - gary e. schwartz, phd
"this is an important book for navigating and making sense of this grand transition to the emerging new world and new human." - john l. peterson
"fascinating portrayal...a delightful book. it is also one that offers an important insight...." --spirituality today
"a fascinating book on a rarely touched upon subject....captivating." - erlendur haraldsson, phd
a welcome from diane:

just remember that there's so much more within you and you can connect to higher levels spiritually.explore your depths - embrace your true self - open up and connect with every living being outside of you - develop your potential - heal and remove any blocks.live purposefully!
exercises from intuition for beginners
to buy "a meditation to access the higher soul awareness," click here
diane's interview by alex ferrari on "next level soul," click here or on youube, click here
diane's interview by luisa on "passion harvest," click here"her work is miraculous!" "diane is able to read the essence of a situation and provide valuable feedback information."meet dianediane's tools for growth and unfolding include books, meditation cds, and exercises
 a message from diane
 

sign up for diane's newsfor email marketing you can trust.

 




 


 


 







