




it's recess-time somewhere


























    
	it's recess-time somewhere
	
  
proud member of the reality-based sandbox









 

contact information:

   cookie_christine at yahoo dot com
   
drinking liberally




drinking liberally three chapters in the tampa bay area.  check drinkingliberally.org for details.

previous posts


ronda storms - now fucking with families all over ...


speaking of ugly cracks.....


john kerry gets his kink on


are beans good for cheney's heart?


the path to freedom is paved with mixed metaphors


condi's first three-way


friday bart blogging - feb 9th, 2007 edition


bush provides aid and comfort to known wife beater


friday bart blogging - july 28th, 2006 edition


despite her prominent adam's apple, ann coulter su...


archives


november 2004


december 2004


january 2005


february 2005


march 2005


april 2005


may 2005


june 2005


july 2005


august 2005


september 2005


october 2005


november 2005


december 2005


january 2006


february 2006


march 2006


april 2006


may 2006


june 2006


july 2006


september 2006


february 2007


march 2007



where i get my material from


agitprop  
agnostic oracle 
the all spin zone  
alternate brain  
the american street 
americablog  
attywood  
blogenlust 
bloggerradio 
 blondesense 
 blue parrot
bob harris 
born at the crest of the empire 
 bottleofblog  
 brad blog  
 brad delong 
bradford plumer 
the carpetbagger report 
crooks and liars 
 daily kos  
digby
demagogue
discourse.net
 disgruntled chemist  
 daou report  
ellen's nest 
 eschaton  
 ezra klein  
 fafblog  
 feministe  
 feministing  
 first draft  
 fla politics  
 florida politics  
floodlight
 the heretik  
 it all comes back to the simpsons  
 i want to be a dilettante  
 jesus' general  
 jobsanger  
 last left before hooterville  
 matthew yglesias  
 mad kane  
 majikthise  
 morning martini  
 morrigan's web  
 needlenose  
 neil shakespeare  
 norbizness  
 pandagon  
 pelican of the wilderness  
 poor man  
 poverty barn 
psotd
rage against the right
raw story
rox populi
 rudepundit  
 shakespeare's sister  
 singularity  
 skippy the bush kangaroo  
 spurious george  
 syllogism  
 talk left  
talking points memo 
upon further review 
 washington monthly  
whiskey bar 
world o' crap 
 wonkette  


tampa bay blogs










 abstract appeal 
 adjusted reality 
 bitch|lab 
 blogsite theater 
 blunted on reality 
 blogwood  
 boltsmag  
 bubba likes it 
 can of worms  
 gonzonia  
 interstate 4 jamming  
 journeys of jack tripper   
 knock knock  
 little joe  
 my addled brain  
 pearce's paradise  
 poor richard's anorak 
pushing rope
 random speak 
 saint petersblog  
 seminole heights blog  
 side salad  
 sticks of fire  
 tiny little dots  




























march 07, 2007



         
	 ronda storms - now fucking with families all over the state of florida
	 
    


ronda storms, who wasn't just batshit crazy enough for hillsborough county went and got herself elected to the florida senate last november.  there, she continues the trend of batshit craziness.proposed legislation from tampa's sen. ronda storms would require health care workers and abortion clinics to take dna samples from children younger than 16 who get pregnant.[...]if the bill passes, abortion clinics or doctors who don't comply with the law could face a two-year license suspension. so far storms has no co-sponsors. the bill has not been referred to a committee.so let's say your daughter gets pregnant.  you don't want to press charges against her irresponsible horny boyfriend and neither does she.  you all just want to do whatever is best given the situation and move on in your lives.  but no, there's no moving on!  the great state of florida wants dna samples.let say your daughter wants to have the child and the boyfriend wants to try to be a good daddy... but he can't because he's in jail.  let's say your daughter wants an abortion and just wants to put the whole thing behind her.... but she can't because she's wrapped up in a lawsuit she never wanted.  for someone who yaps (albeit sometimes incoherently) about being all family-friendly and whatnot, this putrid nonsense really has the potential to fuck with families when they are dealing with a serious crisis.i think it might be time to for that lesbian motorcycle gang to ride up to tallahassee and knock some sense into that woman.i triple dog dare any of florida's lawmakers to co-sponsor this rancid excuse for effective legislation.



posted by cookie christine @ 3/07/2007  
    	




 





march 05, 2007



         
	 speaking of ugly cracks.....
	 
    


in trying to get a visual on just how ugly it really was, i came across this - best viewed at home (it's not at all work-safe) with a friend, family member or perhaps a stoner neighbor who does cartoon voice impressions.hat tip to michelle malkin is an idiot for the nice cnn screen capture.  hopefully she'll be reporting soon on where the media was, and if they still smell funny.



posted by cookie christine @ 3/05/2007  
    	




 





february 23, 2007



         
	 john kerry gets his kink on
	 
    


"i've had enough of 'nonbinding,' " said sen. john f. kerry (d-mass.), who is helping to draft the new democratic proposal.bring out the ball-gags and the fur-lined handcuffs.  john kerry is done with this nonbinding vanilla nonsense and the senate floor might just get a lot more interesting!senate democratic leaders intend to unveil a plan next week to repeal the 2002 resolution authorizing the war in iraq in favor of narrower authority that restricts the military's role and begins withdrawals of combat troops.[...]in both chambers, democratic lawmakers are eager to take up binding legislation that would impose clear limits on u.s. involvement in iraq after nearly four years of war. but democrats remain divided over how to proceed.i'm not saying pelosi and the fine folks in the house are ho-hum or frigid, but their non-binding resolutions just don't cut the muster and quite frankly bore me.  enough of that kinder, gentler stuff.  nay, the american people, want something hard-core and binding.  so bring out the shackles,  the restraints and the blindfolds and lets see where this plan goes.  i only hope we can watch all the uncensored action on c-span and dick cheney is absent that day.



posted by cookie christine @ 2/23/2007  
    	




 





february 22, 2007



         
	 are beans good for cheney's heart?
	 
    


... does the more he eat, the more he fart?as much as i'd delight in seeing the whole lot of scoundrels involved in the plame leak go down in a fiery crash of presidential pardons, i am of not of the school of counting my boogers before you sneeze.  i am however, an apprentice in the school of making sophomoric pokes at the vice president.  "there  is a cloud over the vice president . . . and that cloud remains because this defendant obstructed justice," fitzgerald said."there is a cloud over the white house. don't you think the fbi and the grand jury and the american people are entitled to straight answers?" fitzgerald asked the jury.dan froomkin may think fitzgerald is alluding to going after cheney or some of the other maggots in the bush administration, but it seems readily apparent to me that they were simply serving beans at the white house yesterday.



posted by cookie christine @ 2/22/2007  
    	




 





february 20, 2007



         
	 the path to freedom is paved with mixed metaphors
	 
    


not unlike george washington's heroic crossing of the delaware and defeating the british in the bitter cold, george w. bush ambled down the potomac bundled up in his toasty black wool trench coat to pay homage to our first president by courageously laying some wreath thingy at his grave, and gallantly making some bold analogies.mr. bush drew an analogy between the revolution and what he called“a new war to defend our liberty and our people and our way of life,”wording that left unclear whether he meant the combat in iraq or thebroader fight against terror.“with the advantage of hindsight, it is easy to take georgewashington’s successes for granted,” mr. bush said after enumeratingwashington’s achievements as commander of the continental army andlater as president. but “america’s path to freedom was long and it washard,” he continued, “and the outcome was never really certain.”as an honest american citizen paying taxes in 2007, i too sometimes get war confused with drunken anal sex.  but you'd think that the president, our commander in chief, the decider who sits on the front lines of his warm and comfortable oval office each day cogitating on his stellar approval ratings and how well things are going in iraq might remember the difference.with both the war in iraq and drunken anal sex, you never really know for certain how long it's gonna last but you can feel in the pit of your bowels that it is most definitely long and hard.



posted by cookie christine @ 2/20/2007  
    	




 








         
	 condi's first three-way
	 
    


she thought it would be great fun.  she thought she'd have another amusing anecdote to share at frat parties, baby showers and family reunions.  but to all of our dismay, condi, ehud and mahmoud had those first-time threesome jitters. for the first time in her tenure, rice sat down with israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas.  the three agreed only to keep talking.was it the jetlag?  was she gassy from the airplane food?  was she self-conscious about the three-day growth since her last bikini wax?  might a glass of wine have loosened her up a bit?  we can speculate and speculate until the donkeys come home to roost with the farm cats, but the sheepish threesome refused to even hold a joint press conference afterwards. we may never know what really went on during those two short furtive hours.the one glimmer of hope that remains is the possibility of a future "meeting." israeli sources reported that israel is now planning a bigger summit that would include the u.s, israel, palestine, egypt and jordan.i only pray that next time the tsa turns a blind eye to the decidedly more than three ounces of k-y in her carry-on.



posted by cookie christine @ 2/20/2007  
    	




 





february 09, 2007



         
	 friday bart blogging - feb 9th, 2007 edition
	 
    


now that bart knows the pentegon's intelligence leading up to the iraq war was simply "wrong,"  "distorted,"  "inappropriate" and  "highly disturbing," and not illegal, he can go back to nibbling peacefully on his bone instead of orchestrating impeachment hearings.



posted by cookie christine @ 2/09/2007  
    	




 





september 22, 2006



         
	 bush provides aid and comfort to known wife beater
	 
    


george bush stops in tampa, chats with the bucs and wonders how hard he could beat his wife if he had biceps the size of michael pittman's.



posted by cookie christine @ 9/22/2006  
    	




 



















 



 




