

st. louis lodging: hospitality industry directory for st. louis













home
about
contact



lodgingguide - st. louis








en español


metroguide.network > 
lodgingguide > 
st. louis home page




st. louis
hospitality industry


welcome to lodgingguide's hospitality industry listings for the st. louis area. 







st. louis is on the other side of the mississippi river from east st. louis, illinois, in the middle of the country, and is the "gateway" to the west.  the famous steel arch designed by architect eero saarinen, seen in many photographs of st. louis, gleams and stands over 600 feet at the river's edge as a symbolic portal to the newer half of the country, and as a tribute to american civilization's determined expansion westward.  a tram ride to the top of the arch affords a breathtaking view of the entire city and the american west beyond it.  in the park where the arch stands is the museum of westward expansion which contains priceless pieces of american history in the form of teepees, peace medals, war bonnets of the sioux indians, and exhibits that track the lewis and clark expedition.  both the arch and the museum are part of the jefferson national expansion memorial, which also includes the old courthouse of st. louis, where the initial dred scott trials were held.

because of its historic role as the beginning of the west, st. louis has attracted residents from the same pool of immigrants that comprises america.  the earliest settlers were largely german and irish, and the typical american beef and ballpark cuisine characteristic of st. louis reflects these origins, though the city has grown rapidly over the decades and now provides outstanding examples of most ethnic menus.  in 1904, st. louis hosted both the world's fair (subtitled the louisiana puchase exposition, that year) and the olympic games, drawing more than 20 million people over that summer and inspiring the song, "meet me in st. louie, louie."  st. louis now consists of 79 distinct neighborhoods, half of which are historic and loaded with plaques and monuments commemorating well known events in american history.  the bank of america and anheuser-busch brewery are the largest corporations in st. louis, and many fortune 500 companies also make their home here.  whether it is the easy and friendly weather 
which provides a sample of every kind of climate in the country during the course of a year, or the population comprised of every ethnic group who has made america their home, or the cuisine they brought with them, st. louis feels quintessentially american and is at the heart of american culture.


you can begin researching lodging properties and on-site restaurants in the st. louis area by selecting one of the options shown below.














st. louis lodging search:

















(for example: try "hotel with a restaurant")







alphabetical directory:



a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m


n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




lodging by location:







·

downtown st. louis

·

st. louis airport






      lodging in the downtown area located near union station and busch stadium.  also here is the gateway arch, an array of museums and riverboat gambling.
    



      lodging options located in the area of the lambert st. louis international airport (stl) including the towns of st. ann, st. john and hazelwood.
    



·

maryland heights

·

st. louis






      lodging in the maryland heights area close to the west port plaza, a 42-acre entertainment complex and just minutes from the riverport casino center.
    



     lodging options located in the st. louis area including richmond heights, fenton and an area near the st. louis conservatory of music. 
    



·

greater st. louis

·

st. louis east






      lodging located in the greater st. louis area including the cities of chesterfirld, fairview height, eureka, festus, mehlville and st. charles. 
    



     lodging options located in the suburb communities in the state of illinois.
    





area facts: the tram system, which takes visitors to the top of the gateway arch, was designed in 1961 in a period of just 2 weeks and earned the designer a contract fee of $40,000. the construction was supposed to take 2-years but turned into a 6-year project.  the area code for st. louis is 314. 




you can return to this page at any time by pressing on the "lodgingguide" button in the left margin of the page.




related links:


kansas city lodging
peoria lodging
louisville lodging
rockford lodging
cape girardeau lodging




springfield, illinois lodging
branson - springfield, missouri lodging
indianapolis lodging
minneapolis lodging




other links:


nashville lodging
memphis lodging
tulsa lodging
madison lodging
rochester, minnesota lodging
jefferson city - columbia, missouri lodging




evansville lodging
milwaukee lodging
fort wayne lodging
cincinnati lodging
new orleans lodging




popular cities:


new york lodging
miami lodging
washington, d.c. lodging
chicago lodging
boston lodging
san francisco lodging
orlando lodging



las vegas lodging
venice lodging
london lodging
paris lodging
rome lodging
barcelona lodging
madrid lodging




other versions:


en español





advertisementcruise the caribbean...visit the cruise ship guide website for information about destinations and ships serving the caribbean.


metroguide.network > 
lodgingguide > 
st. louis home page


top of page





metroguide
retailguide
diningguide
lodgingguide
cruiseguide

airfare
car rental










copyright © 1999-2021, metroguide.com, inc. all rights reserved.

lodgingguide and lodgingguide st. louis
are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.
all other trademarks are the 
property of their respective owners.

to list your property with the lodgingguide service: click here. 
to contact us at metroguide: click here.


























