





shares – offering hope































 

































about
get help
events & resources
administration portal
donate
contact








offering hope & delivering help.
a financial crisis can happen to anyone.
these unexpected circumstances may result in the household’s inability to pay for vital services, which include but are not limited to – energy (gas, electric), water, communications and housing resources. 
do i qualify get help
learn more
shares assistance programs
shares serves as a “safety net” for households that face an emergency or crisis situation. please select a grant type to learn more. 
energyproviding grants to assist with gas and/or electric service to qualified households experiencing a temporary financial crisis.
apply
waterproviding grants to help qualified customers pay their water bills. 
apply
telecommunicationsoffering discounts to qualified customers to make residential telephone service, broadband (internet) more affordable. 
apply
housingproviding grants to assist with rent to qualified households experiencing a temporary financial crisis.
apply
get covered njoffering financial assistance to qualified families in need of health care coverage through the getcoverednj online health insurance marketplace.
apply
get assistance
we have numerous providers in every county.
shares partners with 200+ social service agencies and legislative offices, operating out of 250+ sites to provide relief to those in need of assistance.
working collaboratively with these partners, we provide a holistic solution to families and individuals, addressing the household’s temporary or ongoing circumstance. our partners address a broad spectrum of client needs – from counseling and employment to financial/tax services, housing, nutrition and more. 
find an agency near you
our reach
shares makes a difference.
213,000+households assisted through shares programs
$ 90m+total assistance funding provided to households since inception
200+ agency and legislative partners donor support
here’s how you can help shares.
shares relies on the warmth and generosity of donors like you to provide our expansive- and growing- array of assistance programs to households in need. 
do you want to help our neighbors in need?

donate 









 phone: 609-883-1626
toll free: 866-657-4273
fax: 609-883-6364
info@sharesnation.org

facebook
instagram
 




programs

energy
water
telecommunications
getcoverednj
housing


about

our impact
board members
annual report


get help

apply online
apply in person


events & community resources
donate
contact






			© 2025 shares | design by mosaic        









please use google translate to view information in another language. utilice google translate para ver información en otro idioma. 











