

chamorrobible.org - the chamorro bible: y salmo sija, y cuatro ebangelio sija, y checho y apostoles sija






san mateo,chamorro and englishscriptures, 1908

san marcos,chamorro and englishscriptures, 1908

san lucas,chamorro and englishscriptures, 1908

san juan,chamorro and englishscriptures, 1908

y checho y apostoles sija,chamorro and englishscriptures, 1908

y salmo sija,chamorro and englishscriptures, 1908



 
salmo 8,online bible,2004
 
 
y salmo sija,y santa biblia, chamorro edition2005 steffyprinting
 
territory of guam,usa
 
francis m. price, five unidentified assistants
 
commonwealthof the northern mariana islands,guåhan – guam
 
republic of themarshall islands 
 
guåhan – guam
 
beluu er a belaurepublic of palau
 
the great earthquake andcatastrophictsunami of 2004

 

the chamorro bible

y salmo sija  ·  san mateo  ·  san marcos  ·  san lucas  ·  san juan  ·  y checho y apostoles sija  ·  audio  ·  hard copy

manguaguan na palabran si yuuswith the photograph of the day

chamorro edition  ·  chamorro-english edition (diglot)  ·  personal digital assistants (pda)  ·  camera-ready  ·   bible+  ·  online bible  ·  the sword project  ·  ubound bible  ·  latest news

chamorro, the original and an official language of the territory of guam, united states of america (usa), and, in political union with the usa, the commonwealth of the northern mariana islands (cnmi).

likely tutored in the chamorro language by josé mendiola taitano, francis marion price, assisted by five unidentified chamorros in guåhan – guam, translated the four gospels, the acts of the apostles, and the psalms, from the hebrew and greek languages to the chamorro (chamoru) language.

 chamorro and english scriptures:y cuatro ebangelio sija yan y checho y apostoles sija gui testamento nuebo y señotta yan y satbadotta si jesucristo yan y salmo sija,

 first published in 1908 as a diglot by the american bible society, new york, usa; disappeared for many decades, a completely unexpected rediscovery in august 2001, and express mailed via ups on september 11, 2001 est by denise p. hersey to guam adventist academy, guam, usa, from the seeley g. mudd library, yale university, connecticut, usa;

 first audio recordings, beginning in april 2003 by two chamorros, josephine chargualaf varley and begoña santos flores; and

the creation and preservation of the chamorro bible by jesus christ, its multifaceted history, and reemergence documented in isles, spring 2003, special issue: the resurrection of the (1908) chamorro bible edited by bethany s. martin, editor (2002-2003), guam-micronesia mission of seventh-day adventists, guam, usa, and at chamorrobible.org.
 

 through the work of three chamorros, joseph artero-cameron, rlene santos steffy, and tina rose muña barnes, the significance of the 1908 chamorro bible to the chamorro people and in chamorro history is brought to the attention of, and is officially recognized by,

 i mina'bente siete na liheslaturan guåhan – the 27th guam legislaturespeaking in three adopted chamorro bible resolutions:
resolution no. 87(ls), resolution no. 88(ls), and resolution no. 89(ls);

 introduced in full legislative session on october 31, 2003 chst, and officially presented on wednesday, january 28, 2004 chst in the public hearing room of i mina'bente siete na liheslaturan guåhan in hagåtña, guam by senator tina rose muña barnes, i mina'bente siete na liheslaturan guåhan legislative secretary and chairwoman of the committee on community, culture, recreation and public broadcasting. i mina'bente siete na liheslaturan guåhan – the 27th guam legislature is the only known legislature in the united states to honor a bible with three simultaneous full legislative session resolutions.
 

y santa biblia:y salmo sija, y yan cuatro ebangelio sija yan y checho y apostoles sija gui testamento nuebo y señotta yan y satbadotta si jesucristo

a print version of the camera-ready y santa biblia, chamorro edition publication was published in october 2005 by robert joseph steffy and rlene santos steffy, guam, usa. robert joseph and rlene santos steffy received 1,000 hardcover chamorro bibles that were printed and bound by thomson-shore, inc., dexter, michigan, usa. y santa biblia, palabran jesucristo sija gui tinige agaga, chamorro is in print. mr. and mrs. steffy are the first to print and distribute, solely in the chamorro language, the entire chamorro bible. 

the print version of the camera-ready y santa biblia, chamorro-english edition publication was published in april 2006 and announced in may 2006 by robert joseph steffy and rlene santos steffy. the 2,000 historic, hardcover chamorro-english bibles were printed and bound by thomson-shore, inc., dexter, michigan. y santa biblia – the holy bible 2006 chamorro-english diglot bible, red-letter edition is in print and available. 

 
san juan 11,the sword project,2004
 
y santa biblia, chamorro-english edition2006 steffyprinting
 
commonwealth ofthe northernmariana islands, usa
 
west pacific islands: cnmi,guåhan – guam
 
the resurrection of the (1908) chamorro bible
 
federated states of micronesia
 
oceania: cnmi,guahan – guam
 
the 27th guam legislaturehagåtña, guam, usa
 
the spectacular clouds of thetransonic flightregime



allen's hummingbird

earthquake in haiti january 12, 2010

cloudsplanet earth

stars inside ngc 7129

earthquake in japanmarch 11, 2011

pacific ocean sunset


 


  


chamorrobible.org  ·  francis marion price (1850-1937)  ·  the 1908 chamorro bible in audio  ·  chamorro language resources  ·  acknowledgements  ·  isles, spring 2003, special issue: the resurrection of the (1908) chamorro bible  ·  chamorro bible project  ·  announcements  ·  download


chamorrobible.org officially opened on may 31, 2002guam and cnmi time zone: chamorro standard time (chst, utc+10 or gmt +10)last update on february 8, 2013 by the editor@chamorrobible.org (chamorrobible@yahoo.com) 

