









tuolumne and calaveras counties home page - welcome




welcome to







sierranowtable of contents

home
our site
about us
yosemite then
gold rush




communities


angels camp
tuolumne county


business




please tell the webmaster about any problems that you encounter.







welcome to one of the most beautiful, wild and scenic areas of california, the sierra nevada mountains and surrounding foothills. this area is unique in all the world. it is home to some of the most beautiful parks in the us national and california state park systems.
the sierra nevada range stretches from roughly tehachapi in the south almost to the oregon, california border in the north. the region includes yosemite valley, the goldrush regions of the "1849'rs" and the most scenic and popular ski areas in california.
many people aren't aware that most of california is a desert, in fact all of california except for the north coast and the sierra nevada range. the majority of the water in california originates here and on the north coast. the majority of the water consumption is in the valley, coastal and southern portions of california.
our goal is to educate and entertain you. you'll read everything there is to know about the sierra nevada range both then and now.




in 1864, congress donated yosemite valley to california for preservation as a state park. eight years later, in 1872
click here for more

other unique areas are; the goldrush regions of the "1849'rs", including the mining towns of . . . 
click here for more


we have some of the most scenic and popular ski areas
more to come






sierra would like to hear your ideas or comments regarding this site. sierra@sierranow.com


web author: the rainbow company
copyright © 2000/2001/2002/2003/2004/2005/2006/2007 the rainbow company. the information you receive on-line from the rainbow company is protected by the copyright laws of the united states. the copyright laws prohibit any copying, redistributing, retransmitting, or repurposing of any copyright-protected material.
