


home - tulsa bicycle club





























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








 add me to mailing listshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember login


menuwelcome about us benefits of membershipjoin or renew why join? join online renew on-line, how to join/renew - printable form calendarride with us! weekly rides "touring group" rides tour de tulsa what we expect ... inclement weather riding in a group share the trail organized rides - safety what to wear it's the law ride smart ride leaders nws tulsa weather forecastride with others ... non-tbc event rides 360 bicycles group rides bixby bicycles group rides black girls do bike tulsa black wall street riders tulsa claremore cycling group fleet feet bike training girls gone pedalin ride lifetime outdoor cycling oklahoma flyers youth cycling phat tire group rides roll out crew - roc spoke house events t-town group rides team young life rides tom's bicycles group rides extrn'l calendar-tulsa cycling tulsa tough diva rides tulsa wheelmen events wednesday night ride cycling "how to's"maps ride with gps tbc club page maps - tbc  & other 918 trails - incogconstruction & trails construction updates path maintenance contacts incog trails guide bike club at cooperresources oklahoma bike clubs tulsa area bike shops bicycling organizations cycling blogs books movies educational - resources club docs/stmnts/rpts ... officers & chairs contact us donations


website errors?
please contact the webmaster!







click here to join the 
tulsa bicycle club





 

tulsa bicycle club's
ride with gps page






incog has great maps of tulsa area trails.
check them out ...

report area trail issues:
path maintenance contacts







report street issues and hazards in tulsa






a tool for
defining safe practices
when navigating
our city streets








incog's bpac, 
bicycle pedestrian
advisory committee
learn more ...






learn more about our state
advocacy organization.






the league of american bicyclists
our national advocacy organization
learn more here ...











 




join the club!

join all the fun, become a tulsa bicycle club member today.
 
join now

accordion widget
come ride with us! ... here are some reason why you should ... 

come ride with us! ... here are some reasons why you should ...  













there are lots of reasons for you to join us as a member of the tulsa bicycle club.
here are just a few ...
 
have more fun and enjoy a safer experience participating in the world's greatest outdoor activity - bicycling - when you become a member of the tulsa bicycle club.


enjoy a year-round program of rides and events for the entire family.  regularly scheduled rides with experienced cyclists provide a choice of distance and difficulty just right for your level of fitness and experience.

occasional general membership programs with topics of interest to local cyclists.


access to area ride maps through the club's ride with gps club page.  this membership benefit allows you to download maps to your garmin or smart phone and get turn by turn directions just like the gps in your car.  or print out pdf maps with cue sheets if you prefer to go "old school."

view members-only content on club website.


tap members' knowledge and expertise if you're interested in learning new ride routes, safer bike handling, self-contained touring techniques, maintenance & repair, bike selection considerations, or anything else about cycling.


enjoy tbc "event" rides like the tour de tulsa.  fully supported rides with rest stops, sag support, and distances for all abilities, with discounted registration for tbc members.


benefit local organizations and events like bike club, tulsa's river parks, tulsa tough, and state & national groups organizations like bike oklahoma, the league of american bicyclists, and the adventure cycling association.

advocate for cycling through participation with local, state, and national organizations including incog's bicycle pedestrian advisory committee (bpac), bike oklahoma, the oklahoma department of transportation's active transportation committee, and more.

receive discounts on bicycling accessories at participating tulsa-area bike shops.

get liability and supplemental medical insurance coverage to augment any personal insurance you may have.  accidental medical coverage of $10,000 per person per accident and accidental death & dismemberment insurance of $5,000 per person per accident.



mostly though, you'll simply enjoy riding your bike!  what are you waiting for?  click the "ride with us!" link at the left and get started with the fun!



















new members
welcome to the club!


welcome new members







renewing members
thanks for renewing!


welcome new members





tulsa area weather info

tulsa weather



national weather service - tulsa hourly forecast, tabular
coming events
club calendar events in the next 10 days ...


upcoming events



smart cycling - riding tips from the league of american bicyclists

the league of american bicyclists has a host of materials of interest to cyclists of all sorts.  of particular interest are their brief videos on assorted riding techniques with an emphasis on riding safely.  a sample of these videos is shown below.
 

 navigate to our lab ride smart page for more info on the resources available from the league as well as links to all or expand this page below to see basic cycling skill videos.


 


accordion widget
league smart cycling videos

league smart cycling videos 








starting & stopping


 





bike lanes


 










fitting & adjusting your bike


 





bike helmets


 










riding on the sidewalk


 





how to choose a bike


 










intersection positioning


 





scanning


 










signaling


 





sharing the trail


 










steering


 





what to bring


 










where should i ride?


 





what to wear


 










lane changing


 





traffic law


 










shifting gears




 






basic bike check - abc quick check











find us on facebook
 
join us on facebook to keep up with what's goin' on ... add your name to our growing list and connect with other green country cyclists!

and join our tulsa bicycle club facebook "group" to have conversations with other riders and plan rides with one another.

 



facebook feed
tulsabicycleclub



















support our local bike shops!






















































 


connect
             
home
about us
calendar
club docs/stmnts/rpts
join/renew online
facebook page
facebook group
contact us


recreate / ride
             
calendar
weekly rides
tour de tulsa
fall century
maps
ride with gps - club page
construction


educate / learn
             
bike club
how to's


advocate
             
it's the law
bike/ped advisory committee
bike/ped master plan


celebrate
             
calendar
lasagna ride
picnic
            ice cream ride
holiday gathering
new years day ride


donate / serve
             
bike club - cooper elementary


resources
             
local bike shops
bike orgs, state & nat'l
okla bike clubs
bike books
cycling blogs
bike movies




do you see website errors?  please contact our  webmaster.
tulsa bicycle club: 1622 e 45th st, tulsa, ok 74105-4118 ...  contact us







home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









