

























furnished apartments for rent in chula vista - foxwood apartments



























































toggle navigation






 home
 apartments
photos
guest card/rental application
 map
 neighborhood
 about us
 contact
 


 home
 apartments
photos
guest card/rental application
 map
 neighborhood
 about us
 contact
 









foxwood furnished apartments
san diego, ca - 619-690-1199
our apartments will knock your socks off!
 photo gallery












	home
 





san diego furnished apartments
fully furnished one and two bedroom units
utilities paid!!

at foxwood apartments we make it easy to find short term rentals
are you looking for a short term apartment rental in the san diego, chula vista, or imperial beach areas? at foxwood furnished apartments we offer fully furnished accommodations with beautifully landscaped grounds that make it easy to call our housing home. our 130-unit facility is spread across five luxurious acres which encourages you to relax during your stay with us! we specialize in renting fully furnished and corporate housing for a minimum of thirty days or more. we can lodge businesses, vacationers, families, co-workers, and military personnel with our one and two bedroom furnished apartments. monthly rentals give you the opportunity to stay for as long as you like. you’ll find our rentals are perfect with full kitchen, living room , private bedrooms and bathroom amenities. you will feel right at home! we provide everything you could possibly require at foxwood apartments.





types of apartments we have available include the following:

one bedroom standard furnished apartments
two bedroom standard furnished apartments
one or two bedroom corporate furnished apartments
short term furnished apartments
temporary military housing


inquire about our current specials!

contact us to find the perfect rental for short term stays in california. we have the fully furnished accommodations you’ve been looking for!
are you in the military? if so we have special navy housing rates for you.






one bedroom fully furnished apartments
each single bedroom apartment is designed with a bright, cheery kitchen, convenient dining area, spacious living room, private master bedroom, loads of closet space and lovely bathrooms! our furniture is top quality too! every unit is fully furnished, beautifully decorated, quality way above the competition. you’ll love it! they also are available in corporate units that have everything you need to move right in!



two bedroom fully furnished apartments
need room for two? our luxurious two bedroom apartments are also fully furnished with two full size bedrooms furnished with comfortable queen beds, dressers, 2 night stands and 2 lamps. they also are available in corporate units that have everything you need to move right in!



foxwood apartment gallery
view the quiet, unique, country club resort-style setting foxwood apartment has to offer in our photo gallery! each apartment is on a lush greenbelt garden park surrounded by shade trees and a year round, heated pool and spa. perfect for enjoying the beautiful california weather!






 





contact 
foxwood apartments
4260 palm avenue, san diego,  ca 92154
phone: 619-690-1199
toll free usa & mexico: 800-380-4513
a real live person will answer!!

office hours monday – friday 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
saturday 9:00 am – 5:00 pm
sunday 11:00 am – 4:00 pm

connect with us 
 







©
2025 - foxwood apartments all rights reserved
      


home
sitemap
accessibility
contact us




















