
























home - trivitro















































toggle navigation

menu

          trivitro
        


about 

about trivitro
resources


products 

vitroclean
abrasives


distributor
contact
 









                        build green with recycled glass                    

at trivitro, we believe that manufacturing products from recycled or reclaimed materials creates a better world that puts less stress on our natural environment.  please join us in that mission.

view our productsfind trivitro distributors 





 






about

since 1996 trivitro has led the development of sustainable recycled glass products.  ranging from terrazzo aggregates to industrial abrasives and water filter media, trivitro has developed the production methods and brands that introduce effective and environmentally positive products to new users and markets.
from our original plant on elliott avenue in seattle to our high production facility in kent washington and a network of plants across north america, trivitro has a 20 year history of producing and distributing high quality products made from recycled glass.


learn more






	our products 






vitroclean

					vitroclean® crushed glass filter media 
is manufactured from post consumer and industrial recycled glass and is a direct replacement for silica sand. vitroclean offers you the safest, most reliable and cost effective way to upgrade your new or existing sand filter system.
				
view more








glass    abrasives

					enviro-grit and vitrogrit glass abrasives offer a safe and effective alternative to slags and silica sand.
				
view more



 






vitroclean

							highly effective glass filtration media made from recycled glass.  increases the effectiveness of any sand media water filter.						
view more









vitrogrit

							crushed glass abrasive for cleaning, surface preparation and blasting.						
view more









envirogrit

							crushed glass abrasive for cleaning, surface preparation and blasting.						
view more










trust us
people love trivitro










illinois beach resort & conference center & spa


						we are extremely happy. we maintain better water quality with fewer chemicals. the filters operate with less maintenance since they backwash very clean.					










foss swim school


						vitroclean is way, way better.					










heather ridge community


						the pools were cleaner, we used fewer chemicals, and the filters ran better. we will never go back to sand. we love the glass! it should be noted that this was the hottest summer in over 10 years and pool use was way up.					




 







  					© 2025 trivitro corporation
			    








