





bray commercial real estate


























































































 info@brayandco.com  (970) 241-2909 



  



bray divisions

									residential real estate								

									commercial real estate								

									property management								

									development								

									business advisors group								

									construction & maintenance								

									braycations								

















properties
agents
locations


market research
about
contact

















commercial real estate, rooted in experience. your local team serving western slope’s mesa, garfield, montrose, and delta counties.  












properties

agents








for sale



for lease




type of property
commercial (lease)
farm / ranch
land
multifamily
office / retail

 

search
 








search














featured properties


view more








login & get full access
×



email address (must be valid)




continue with email


or






                                continue with facebook
                            






                                continue with google
                            





                                by clicking on login buttons you are agreeing to our 
                                    terms of use and giving us expressed written consent to contact you
                            










agree & get full access
×


in order to view sold properties, you will need to provide the information below and agree to the terms and conditions. we will then send you an email or text to verify the info provided so you can gain full access to sold properties.

gain access via




email





text message





first name



last name





cell phone





email











i agree to the terms and conditions







send













check your email to gain full access
×


you requested that we send email to gain access to view sold properties.
check your email and click the link to proceed.
re-send the verification email
                    by registering, you agree to our terms of use and that
                    real estate professionals and lenders may call/text you about your inquiry, which may involve use
                    of automated means and prerecorded/artificial voices. you don't need to consent as a condition of
                    buying any property, goods or services. messages/data rates may apply.
                










thank you for registering.


are you currently working with one of these agents?
















land  


farm / ranch  


commercial property management  




multifamily  




industrial  


office / retail  



from office to  opportunity bray commercial offers an unmatched selection across all property types. our vast regional network, paired with our commitment to excellence since 1946, ensures that whether it's a retail space or a multifamily unit, you're in the most capable hands. your trusted advisors are here to lead the way.
learn more 








building trust since 1946 in the heart of grand junction, colorado, a commitment was forged between sherman and roxie bray. bray and company real estate was born from a simple handshake and a solemn promise in 1946: to earn the unwavering trust of our clients, day after day. today, bray's commercial division upholds that enduring pledge, standing tall as a leading brokerage, development, and management authority on the western slope.



77 years 



1b+ total volume 



63 professionals 




 









real stories, real results.
what our clients say




















the leader in commercial real estate in mesa county. brian bray is a true professional. bryan wachs 






lori long had great communication! phillip smith 






kyle serrano did great work was a pleasure to work with! john 










brian and his team were instrumental in helping us acquire a very challenging retail asset in the middle of the covid-19 pandemic. it’s refreshing to work with intermediaries who are straightforward, responsive, and easy to work with. scott tarbet founder and ceo gibson avenue capital  






working with brian bray at bray & company has been a pleasure. brian has made all three of our commercial property transactions run smoothly. i have even called on his office late afterhours on a saturday for info, and sarah who works for brian came ... dan amico owner amico plumbing inc. and amico property investments 






working with brian bray and his team has been an absolute pleasure.  they go above and beyond for their clients, and we will definitely use them in all of our future endeavors. tony & laura perri former owners perri’s powersports 










brian was effective at negotiating a mutually beneficial deal structure for myself and the seller that allowed for a solid transaction.  when issues occurred through our due diligence, brian was quick at aiding me with the information to answer and ... spencer smith franchisee american family care center 






brian is the consummate deal maker – conscientious, knowledgeable, creative, and most importantly, he is a closer. jeff dinkin founder and managing director regent properties 






the sale of our property was rather complex and required a lot of due diligence, as i suspect is true of commercial property in general. brian was very professional and responsive to us in selling our property.  i also appreciated his advice on ... darah galvin development coordinator riverbend holdings, llc 










brian bray and sarah glidden are a terrific real estate team.  they handled the sale of a unique commercial parcel for us in a timely and professional manner, keeping us informed and confident throughout the process.  they are tops in my view. lee whitney 















							since 1946, bray real estate has been the trusted name for commercial real estate across mesa, garfield, montrose, and delta counties. trust, experience, and excellence are our hallmarks.						


bray real estate

properties
agents
locations
market research
property management
about us
contact



property types

land
farm / ranch
office
industrial
multifamily



connect with us

 (970) 241-2909  info@brayandco.com
grand junction office
									1015 n 7th street
grand junction, co 81501								 

  





mls® disclaimer




aspen/glenwood springs mls, inc. all rights reserved worldwide. no part of this publication may be reproduced, adapted, translated, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the aspen/glenwood springs mls, inc. aspen/glenwood springs mls, inc. copyright ©2024 all rights reserved. last updated: march 5, 2024 4:34 pm utc
show more



the data relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes in part from the internet data exchange (idx) program of colorado real estate network, inc. (cren), © copyright 2024. all rights reserved. all data deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be independently verified. this database record is provided subject to "limited license" rights. duplication or reproduction is prohibited. full cren disclaimer real estate listings held by companies other than bray real estate contain that company's name. this content was last updated on march 5, 2024 4:29 pm utc
show more



grand junction area realtor association® all information deemed reliable but not guaranteed. all properties are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal. neither listing broker(s) or information provider(s) shall be responsible for any typographical errors, misinformation, misprints and shall be held totally harmless. listing(s) information is provided for consumer's personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. the data relating to real estate for sale on this website comes in part from the internet data exchange program of the multiple listing service. real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than bray real estate may be marked with the internet data exchange logo and detailed information about those properties will include the name of the listing broker(s) when required by the mls. copyright ©2024 all rights reserved. last updated: march 5, 2024 4:40 pm utc
show more



fair housing disclaimer






			publishers notice: all information is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed and should be independently verified. all real estate advertised herein is subject to the us federal fair housing act of 1968 and the colorado fair housing act, which makes it illegal to make or publish any advertisement that indicates any preference, limitation, or discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin. please check with your local government agency for more information.
        

 

disclaimer & terms  ·  privacy   ·  ada


©2025 bray commercial real estate, all rights reserved.


powered by iddpro 



























