

 

builder's discount center - diy building supplies at low prices













skip to content menu     shop cabinets0 
concrete, cement, & masonry10 
decking10 
doors and windows89 
drywall11 
fencing and outdoors10 
flooring5 
hardware1 
insulation15 
lumber0 
mobile home supplies38 
moulding1 
packages0 
plywood/osb16 
roofing56 
siding22 
trusses11 
vinyl railing18 

diy packages deck packages 
garage packages 
storage building packages 
pole barn packages 
steel bolt-up building packages 

diy resources finished product gallery 
podcast 
videos 

  daily deals current sales flyer 
seconds & closeouts 

about who we are 
drive-in service 
community connection 
careers 

contact contact us 
locations 

media blog 
podcast 

  store locatorstore hours: m-f: 7:30am – 5:00pm – sat: 7:30am – 1pm
 products search

close menu   
see current pricing!
great deals all month!
 view sales flyer    shop trending products 
 
 all packages  
 mobile home supplies  
 pole shed packages  
 deck packages  
 steel trusses  browse by category:

 packages 
 cabinets 
 concrete cement masonry 
 decking 
 doors and windows 
 drywall 
 fencing and outdoors 
 flooring 
 hardware 
 insulation 
 lumber 
 mobile home supplies 
 moulding 
 plywood/osb 
 roofing 
 siding 
 trusses 
 vinyl railing 
 packages 
 cabinets 
 concrete cement masonry 
 decking 
 doors and windows 
 drywall 
 fencing and outdoors 
 flooring 
 hardware 
 insulation 
 lumber 
 mobile home supplies 
 moulding 
 plywood/osb 
 roofing 
 siding 
 trusses 
 vinyl railing   best prices in town. top grade materials. fast, drive-in drive-out service. 
builder’s discount center has been providing quality service and low prices to customers for over 35 years. our unique drive-thru warehouse allows you to drive in, quickly load up and save on a large selection of first quality and discount building materials. visit your local bdc, where no project is too large or small and saving money is a priority. 
11 locations. delivery available 

 store locator
 
advantages of shopping at
builder’s discount center

low prices
drive-thru service
first quality building materials
save extra on bdc seconds
complete packages

decks
storage buildings
garages
pole sheds



 what our customers have to say about us… 

 “we appreciate builder’s discount center! i’ve never felt that my vendor was part of my team until you guys. you literally invest in your contractors/community. to the owners and employees of bdc, you are appreciated.”
– on site construction and renovation   “i would like to thank danny langston and his staff at bdc for the professional service and delivery of materials. the quality of materials that bdc sells is far above what you get at the big box stores and other building material stores. great price, great service and the best quality. thanks again, builder’s discount center.”
– bill catalani   “excellent customer service.great selection of lumber.easy to access and drive your truck to load the materials.”
– ed   “i have been buying lumber from them for years. they are consistently 25% cheaper than lowe’s on most items, sometimes even more. drive in, load up, drive out. always plenty of help to get you loaded and on your way.”
– doug   “super helpful! they provided us with all the information we needed to make an educated decision about what type of storage building we would want and what the options would cost. very friendly and patient!”
– avori   “this place is so cool. you drive into the warehouse and stop at what you want and they come load it up and give you a ticket to go into the office and pay for what you got. i’ve compared some of the prices to lowe’s and home depot, and this place was surprisingly cheaper. i’ve got a list of improvements i need to do and this will be the place i go to for my supplies. very friendly people too!!!”
– barbara   “the builder’s discount center of goldsboro has been great to work with!!! they have provided most of our building supplies for the birdsong chapel and carriage hall. their staff have been friendly and have always gone the extra mile to make sure we get the items that we needed even if they were a special order. we could not be more satisfied with the services we have received! thank you bdc!”
-don neal  
videos
watch this, and other helpful videos, on our video page 
 subscribe to build tough deals     * indicates required email address * mobile phone number - sms  first name  last name  your bdc store   burlington danville (va) elizabeth city goldsboro henderson lumberton new bern rocky mount wallace wendell williamston      builder's discount center - by providing your phone number, you agree to receive promotional and marketing messages, notifications, and customer service communications from builder's discount center. message and data rates may apply. consent is not a condition of purchase. message frequency varies. text help for help. text stop to cancel.see terms.      
privacy policy     |     store policies     |     careersweb design by  cap3store policescareersprivacy policyweb design by  cap3subscribe to build tough deals 
   * indicates requiredemail address *mobile phone number – sms builder’s discount center – by providing your phone number, you agree to receive promotional and marketing messages, notifications, and customer service communications from builder’s discount center. message and data rates may apply. consent is not a condition of purchase. message frequency varies. text help for help. text stop to cancel.see terms.first name last name your bdc store burlingtondanville (va)elizabeth citygoldsborohendersonlumbertonnew bernrocky mountwallacewendellwilliamstonopted in marketing permissionsplease select all the ways you would like to hear from builder’s discount center:emailtextyou can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. you can opt out of sms text messaging by replying to a text with stop. for information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.we use mailchimp as our marketing platform. by clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to mailchimp for processing. learn more about mailchimp’s privacy practices.      
 choose your location: 
 burlington  danville  elizabeth city  goldsboro  henderson  lumberton  new bern  rocky mount  wallace  wendell  williamston  










 