





riff-o-matic spotlight
































skip to content	



riff-o-matic spotlight










stairway to heaven part 1 



take your time when learning this part. we want each note to ring out clearly.
we have four different chord formations here. each formation lasts for half a measure or, in other words, 2 beats. we want each chord to ring out, so let each note that you pick ring out with the other notes in the chord formation.
for the first chord formation, place your 1st finger on the 5th fret and barre the d, g, b, and high e strings, then use your 3rd finger to fret the 7th fret of the d. hold your 1st finger there as you’ll use it for the next 2 chord formations.
on the 3rd beat of the first measure, you’ll use your 3rd finger on the 7th fret of the high e string and your 2nd finger on the 6th fret of the d string. yep, your 1st finger should still be barred across the d, g, b, and high e strings at the 5th fret.
in the 2nd measure, we have our 1st finger still barred across the 5th fret. the only other thing to do here is to fret the 8th fret of the high e string with our 4th finger (pinky). make sure you have a strong barre here so that the chord rings together cleanly when fingerpicked.
in the 2nd half of the 2nd measure, we’ll shift our barre down from the 5th fret to the 2nd fret. use the 3rd finger to fret the 4th fret of your d string and your 2nd finger to fret the 3rd fret of the b string.
how to get it to sound good…
obviously, the short answer is “a lot of practice”, but if you develop bad habits you’ll be practicing it wrong.
a few key points:

let it ring throughout. each chord change will break the cycle but each individual chord formation should have all notes ringing together.0
make sure you have quick clean changes from chord formation to chord formation. pay special attention to the switch from the 5th fret barre to the 2nd fret that’s found in the 2nd measure.
don’t overplay it. don’t attack the strings, just be easy. play it softly. it’s a ballad for goodness sakes.0



posted bykennyfebruary 17, 2025posted instairway to heaven 



smoke on the water- deep purple- main riff 

so, what’s the very first guitar riff that everyone learns? you got it:  smoke on the water.


complete transcription:
smoke on the water- deep purple


posted bykennyfebruary 16, 2025posted insmoke on the water 



boom boom- john lee hooker 


song facts
“boom boom” is written and performed by john lee hooker.
in the original recording, either the guitar is tuned up a half step or a capo is used on the 1st fret, in effect transposing the song to the key of f.
it’s in standard 4/4 time and is performed at about 157 beats per minute.


http://guitarmojo.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/boom-boom-1.mp3
backing track
this backing track for “boom boom”. it’s in the key of e, so you can play along as it is tabbed out above with having to use a capo or retune.
http://guitarmojo.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/y2mate.com-john_lee_hooker_boom_boom_backing_track_pnzt1xdzyks.mp3
full tab
download the full transcription:
boom boom (pdf)


posted bykennyfebruary 15, 2025posted inboom boom 



redemption song -bob marley 

this song might be from bob marley, but it’s not a reggae song as you might believe. it’s just a rock type ballad.
it’s in the key of g and uses only simple open chords.
introduction
the intro is kind of like adding a little phrase that’s built around a g chord.

watch the fret hand:

watch the picking hand:



posted bykennyfebruary 14, 2025posted inredemption song 



dust in the wind part 8 


below is the tab for the full chorus, but we’ll only be dealing with the first two measures in this lesson:



posted bykennyfebruary 13, 2025posted indust in the wind 



day tripper- the beatles 





posted bykennyfebruary 12, 2025posted inone minute riffs 



wipeout part 2 





posted bykennyfebruary 11, 2025posted inwipe out 



burning for you part 2 



http://leadguitardaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/burning-for-you-backing-track.mp3
complete transcription:
blue_oyster_cult-burning_for_you


posted bykennyfebruary 10, 2025posted inburning for you 



tush 2 





posted bykennyfebruary 9, 2025posted intush 



bang your head- quiet riot 





posted bykennyfebruary 8, 2025february 8, 2025posted inone minute riffs 


posts pagination
1
2
3
…
16
older posts 







categoriescategories
select category
18 and life
acdc
across the universe
all along the watchtower
all right now
all the small things
another lonely day
aqualung
b.b. king
back in black
bad to the bone
bang your head
beat it
beatles
best friend’s girl
black dog
blue wind
bob dylan
bon jovi
boom boom
born on the bayou
breaking the law
burning for you
changes
cheap sunglasses
china grove
cocaine
cold shot
come together
creep
crossfire
crosstown traffic
day tripper
don’t fear the reaper
dust in the wind
easy
every breath you take
fire
fortunate son
gimme all your lovin
hair of the dog
hawaii five-o theme
hey joe
hey you
hotel california
houses of the holy
hurt
la grange
led zeppelin
life by the drop
midnight rider
more than words
nothing else matters
one minute riffs
one of these things first
redemption song
sharp dressed man
silent lucidity
sittin’ on the dock of the bay
smoke on the water
soul man
stairway to heaven
stevie ray vaughan
still got the blues
sunshine of your love
susie q
talk dirty to me
the joker
the ocean
the weight
tom petty and the heartbreakers
tush
uncategorized
ventures
violent femmes
walk don’t run
weezer
wham
whole lotta love
wind cries mary
wipe out
wonderful tonight
yellow ledbetter
you’ll be mine


 


riff-o-matic spotlight,

proudly powered by wordpress.			





















