








visit silicon valley, california



































































































 




























cities
stay
see & do
eat
blog
events





















cities
stay
see & do
eat
blog
events













 blog
 book now!
 planning an event?








silicon valley is packed year-round with exciting events! find an event while you are visiting to complete your trip and have some fun. stay up to date with our silicon valley events calendar.



 







come enjoy
the views

 






high-tech
innovation

 








super bowl lx (60) will be held at levi's stadium! make plans now to stay, play, and eat in world-renowned silicon valley. february 8, 2026



 

































san-jose
milpitas
santa-clara
campbell
sunnyvale
mountain-view
los-altos
palo-alto
cupertino
saratoga
los-gatos
morgan-hill
gilroy















explore





explore
 explore silicon valley! cities in this world-renowned valley include: campbell, cupertino, gilroy, los altos, los gatos,  milpitas, morgan hill,  mountain view, palo alto, san jose, santa clara,  saratoga and sunnyvale. home to the world’s largest high-tech companies and thousands of tech start-ups, the region known as silicon valley is centered in the santa clara valley. in 2026, the area's levi's stadium will host super bowl lx (60) and world cup soccer!

there is a lot to see and do here. take a photo in front of an android icon at google or visit the computer history, intel, tech, or  children’s discovery museum. the region is home to northern california’s largest theme park at california’s great america, the exciting  legoland discovery center bay area,  and the beautiful, but bizarre winchester mystery house. don’t forget to hit the shops at the great mall,  santana row, stanford shopping center, and westfield valley fair. there is much to explore, so get started now. it’s all right here at visit silicon valley!




san josea large, diverse city boasting the ingenuity of silicon valley, san jose attracts residents and visitors through events,  read more »  
 


morgan hillsurrounded by mountain ranges, both the santa cruz mountains and the diablo range, morgan hill offers a picturesque  read more »  
 


palo altothe mixture of old and new, along with the small town feel combined with big city businesses is  read more »  
 







stay 





san jose marriottdiscover the perfect blend of innovation and relaxation at the san jose marriott, situated in the heart of  read more »  
 


la quinta inn & suites by wyndham san jose silicon valleysettle into the capital of silicon valley near tech giants like ebay, paypal, cisco, and adobe, at la  read more »  
 


hilton garden inn mountain viewthe hilton garden inn mountain view offers deluxe accommodations appealing to those visiting for business and leisure. each  read more »  
 
















see & do





los altos history museumlos altos history museum showcases the history of los altos and surrounding area.  read more »  
 


stanford livestanford live presents music, theater, comedy, dance, and more on the stanford university campus. explore the transformative power  read more »  
 


santana rowsantana row is silicon valley’s premier destination for shopping, dining, living, working and playing. offering 2.1 million square  read more »  
 







events





roaring camp bbq cook offparticipate or enjoy watching roaring camp’s 4th annual bbq cook off. master series on august 9; backyard series  read more »  
 


bubble bonanza at roaring camp railroadsget ready to step on board the circus bubble train. zillions of bubbles will float through the air  read more »  
 


happy hour @ lb steak – santana rowhappy hour at santana row’s lb steak from 3:00 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. sunday – friday.  read more »  
 





























followus
 









enews signup













the latest silicon valley 
 



blog          
about us      
contact us    
privacy policy
terms of use  

© 2024 visit silicon valley
 scroll to top































