






 
sunrise fish dive surf port canaveral - tackle, gifts, marina, boat storage, bait


































































skip to content



(321) 783-9535mon - fri 6am-9pm • sat sun 6am - 9pmmail page opens in new windowfacebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowyelp page opens in new window


sunrise marina port canaveral, florida – boat storage, wet slips, and tackle shop
boat storage, wet slips, and tackle shop

marina & boat storagemarina & boat storage directions our history join our team  tackle & gift shoptackle store & gift shop directions  grills seafood deck deep sea fishing live lionfish display news & eventsall news tournament schedule 2024 area attractions  web cam 



 
marina & boat storagemarina & boat storage directions our history join our team  tackle & gift shoptackle store & gift shop directions  grills seafood deck deep sea fishing live lionfish display news & eventsall news tournament schedule 2024 area attractions  web cam 











it all happens at sunrise!
it’s all about the lifestyle! grab your kids, your cooler, your flip flops and your gear and let’s meet on the dock!


boat storage
we have safe and convenient rack storage for boats up to 45′ in length.
sunrise marina is the closest marina to the atlantic ocean. we like to fish, so our hours of operation are kept with fishermen in mind.
dry storage
tackle & gift shop
summer hours :monday to friday 6 am to 9 pm, saturday & sunday 6 am to 9 pm.
it’s what we do! everything you need for a fun day on the water. our tackle store is stocked with the best fresh & frozen baits and the latest offshore lures & tackle. we also have cool clothes and nautical gifts for your home to make you feel like you are on vacation every day!
tackle & gifts
bait station
we have the coolest bait station on this coast. listen to fish stories from the locals and check out the live bait for the day – shrimp, pinfish, fiddler crabs and mud minnows. we also carry a large selection of fresh and frozen baits and the sunrise staff can tell you what the recent catch is in the ocean, on the river, or on the beach.
bait station
fish hang
stop by and watch the captains hang their catch daily.
hang back, enjoy a cold drink and be part of the local flavor of port canaveral.
view web cam
grills seafood & tiki bar
grills is a unique waterfront eating establishment with original island cuisine and popular tiki bar. complete with live entertainment.
grills seafood deck
things to do
there are many ways to have fun in the sun and enjoy the florida life at sunrise marina. fishing, tours, boating, parasailing, and more.
things to do
ocean obsession
the 65′ deep sea fishing party boat, ocean obsession, fishes daily right from the marina. bottom fishing and shark fishing trips are sure crowd pleasers.
go fishing
helpful links
noaa bouy – check sea conditions before you go offshore
wunderground weather – local forecast & reports
ocean obsession – our deep sea fishing charter boat
grills seafood deck – waterfront dining and tiki bar with live entertainment

some of the brands we feature










latest newsshark teethseptember 25, 201949th annual fsfa tournament recapjune 7, 2017contact us505 glen cheek drcape canaveral, florida
directions / mapphone(321) 783-9535find us on:facebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowmail page opens in new windowyelp page opens in new windowquick links grills seafood website obsession deep sea fishing website local weather conditions noaa bouy 








					sunrise marina, port canaveral, florida
                

port canaveral gifts, tackle, bait, boat storage & marina








go to top


















































