










lehigh county conservation district | to protect, conserve, and provide leadership for the sustainability of our natural resources.
















































resources
donations
contact
 












about

overview
history
who we are
internships
publications
announcements
events calendar


agriculture

overview
erosion and sedimentation
manure management
nutrient management
reap
conservation planning
request for conservation district technical assistance


water quality

overview
announcements
forms and documents
related links
product links


ms4 program

overview
municipal separate storm sewer systems
public education and outreach
public participation and involvement


education and outreach

overview
envirothon
2024 buckets full of nature program
pa master naturalist program
educational resources


watershed conservation

overview
protecting your watershed
grants awarded
conservation projects


vector borne disease control program

overview
spotted lanternfly
vector borne disease control program


road programs

overview
pd dirt and gravel road pollution prevention program
road program policies


 





select page


  
 



 



 










lehigh county conservation district







our purpose
to protect, conserve, and provide leadership for the sustainability of our natural resources.



learn more





spotted lanternfly 
the spotted lanternfly quarantine in our area has been expanded.



learn more





educational programs
learn about our exciting upcoming educational opportunities for all ages!



learn more





announcements and events
see what’s happening at the lccd.



learn more






events calendar





visit us
4184 dorney park rd, suite 105allentown, pa 18104office hours: monday-friday 8:00am-4:30 pm610-391-9583 | info@lehighconservation.org











announcements






curious about what is in our water?

join the lehigh county conservation district on saturday, march 29th at 10:30am for a free educational event about microplastics and how they affect our environment. 
read more 







free program for veterans and families

 
read more 







district staff help beautify the county while enhancing wildlife habitat

this october, several staff assisted sheffield square apartments in installing 70 native tree seedlings to enhance their grounds. the american linden, river birch, and arrowwood viburnum (among other species) will provide additional wildlife habitat and enjoyment for... 
read more 






view recent announcements



events


29
march
2025



free microplastics workshop
10:30 am - 12:00 pm


lehigh county authority,
1053 spruce road

wescosville,
18106
united states

+ google mapmicroplastic workshop flier
find out more

view all events









to protect, conserve and provide leadership for the sustainability of our natural resources.

the lehigh county conservation district was established by the lehigh county commissioners on september 26, 1946, at the request of a significant number of landowners in the county. it is one of sixty-six conservation districts in pennsylvania and nearly 3,000 nationwide. at that time, its primary purpose was to address soil erosion from mostly agricultural properties. governed by a volunteer board of citizen directors, it was staffed by employees of the soil conservation service in the us department of agriculture, who worked with farmers to develop farm conservation plans.
the past half-century has seen the district employ its own staff to address a variety of resource management concerns: agricultural nutrient management, biosolids application, as well as soil conservation; erosion and sediment control from urban development sites, farmland preservation, conservation education, and watershed protection. currently, fourteen employees work in these program areas, most under delegation agreement or contract with state agencies.
the district is funded by three major sources: county government, state government and user fees. donations and fundraising activities help fund educational programs. the current board consists of three farmers and three public directors and one county commissioner. directors, appointed by the county executive, serve four-year terms, and meet monthly to set policy, hear progress reports, and plan the district’s work. the pennsylvania state conservation commission guides them in their operations, and they belong to both the pennsylvania association of conservation districts and the national association of conservation.

learn more about us



 










donations

the lehigh county conservation district has acquired 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status. 
if you are interested in making a monetary donation to support the district’s mission and programs you can download and mail in the form below.
for further information, please call the district at 610-391-9583.
click on the form below, fill it out, and send it with your contribution to:
lehigh county conservation district4184 dorney park road, suite 105allentown, pa 18104.

download donation form











our office
4184 dorney park rd suite 105allentown, pa 18104
610-391-9583
info@lehighconservation.org
like us on facebook at
https://www.facebook.com/lehighcountyconservationdistrict





our hours
monday-friday8:00am-4:30 pm



help




staff contacts
right to know
faqs
contact us
















copyright 2021 by lehigh county conservation district



site designed and developed by nüpoint marketing



 



























