






kenbrook bible camp | christian camp and retreat center




















































717-865-4547






info@kenbrook.org



followfollow

donate















groups

why kenbrook?
booking process
adult group pricing
youth group pricing
lodging facilities
meeting facilities
meals
retreat activities
pastoral retreats


summer camp

summer camp details

residential camp
kenbrook and beyond
day camp
krew program
leader in training (lit)
camp activities
faqs


camp facilities
discounts & financial aid
apply for staff
2024 summer staff
register


special events

spring events

hymn sing
spring work day
summer camp open house
mother’s day buffet


75th anniversary
fall events

dad camp
golf outing
fall work day
fall family fun day
hoopomani 5k run/walk
grand camp




make an impact

volunteer with us
donate to kenbrook
planned giving
2023 annual report
feasibility study-update
following his lead
woodland room renovation


store
about us

meet the team

meet the staff
meet the board of directors


employment opportunities
mission / vision
our history
our affiliations
our stories

victoria leanne heisey
john courchesne


trail talk newsletter
maps and directions
photo galleries


















 














experience the nature that god has created for usto be like christ in all relationships to facilitate a closer connection to god, self, others and nature.
contact us










kenbrook bible camp is a christian camp and retreat center located just north of lebanon, pennsylvania along the little swatara creek.

nearly 12,000 guests set foot on this 100-acre property every year for overnight summer camps, weekend retreats, off-site meetings, family reunions, and many other events.







register



register
kenbrook bible camp registration
camp is one of those unique opportunities to intentionally step outside of comfort zones, experience nature that god has created for us, and learn more about jesus all at the same time.

register now





retreat
the benefits of kenbrook
100 secluded acres of beautiful settings and grounds with walking trails through the forest and along the lake and the brook for your retreat guests to enjoy.

learn more



retreat





donate



donate
partner with us to change lives
like most nonprofit organizations, we rely on donations to help us cover expenses that are not covered by program and rental fees. donations help us to provide well-maintained facilities and to run quality programs without raising fees so high that campers and guest groups are hindered from participating.

donate now







testimonials






“camp provides a positive christian experience and helps my son continue to grow in christ.”








“i had so much fun learning about jesus and god and i made lots of new friends.”camper








“our camper had a great week and didn’t stop talking about camp the whole way home!”








“my son has matured at the camp. he came back more talkative and less shy.”








“my kids really bonded over a shared experience. it was neat to have them come home and share about their overall lesson and sing the same songs together.”








“kenbrook went above and beyond to provide safe meals for our multi food allergic son.”












affiliations







 











followfollow

year round conference center and summer camp, serving children, youth & adults with conference facilities, outdoor adventures, team building and nine weeks of summer camp.

kenbrook property map



visit





contact

please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *phonecomment or message *submit 



 





























