







multigame.com main page











 



 



 



 



 



 



 








w
elcome to multigame.com!







since 1996 i've been building and selling various 
						upgrade kits, reproduction parts, and replacement 
						electronic assemblies for arcade video games.  as 
						some of you may or may not know, over the last five 
						years i've been running a couple of my own companies as 
						well as being one of the owners of
						ground kontrol 
						in portland, or.over the last few years i've been 
						involved with many commercial arcade game systems (the 
						midway, golden tee, and konami systems from big 
						electronic games, the ultimate arcade 2 and arcade 
						legends machines from chicago gaming co., the taito and 
						snk/neogeo machines from jazwares, etc.) and between 
						consulting and our arcade my free time gets smaller and 
						smaller each year.
i've been trying to support the old classic arcade 
						designs through multigame.com as best i can by batching 
						things up into groups that are produced 2-3 times a 
						year.  that makes for pretty long wait times 
						though, so depending on when people ordered it was kinda 
						luck of the draw if they got their stuff shipped in a 
						timely manner or not.
alas, tax season this year made the numbers pretty 
						clear-- the gross income from multigame.com was 
						contributing ~1.3% of my earnings for the year but was 
						taking up every weekend i had (and then some). there's 
						just not enough time to go around.
so, i'm afraid that my temporary solution of 
						discontinuing my older kits is now a permanent one.  
						the multijamma will remain in production in its present 
						form for a few more months and will be replaced with a 
						new design thereafter which will be mass produced and 
						sold through resellers (getting me out of the receive 
						order/build units/test systems/ship product loop which 
						is so time consuming).  
i'll continue to work through my "todo list" and ship 
						all outstanding orders in the queue.  i'm working 
						on the williams multigames and another batch of 
						multijammas at the moment.
thanks for your patronage and support over the 
						years-- i'm still available for hire for product 
						development and engineering services (arcade related or 
						not) through my "real job":
						embedded 
						engineering, llc.
i'll continue to document and update the website as 
						events merit-- mostly just the "hacks" and "misc." 
						sections to the left.
-clay  5/29/2007

the 
multijamma!
now you can easily switch between up to eight 
						different jamma games in your jamma cabinet without 
						having to disconnect cables and circuit boards. you 
						just press a button and the next game appears on-screen!
						
 








© 2007, clayton cowgill 


 
info@multigame.com(website
        updated 5/29/2007)





