




















 

	trading system and futures trading software - wave59 pro











buy now | member login
wave 59 technologies





company info
earik beann
testimonials



advanced features

technical indicators
geometric patterns
hive technologyï¿½
fibonacci vortex®
market astrophysics
time & price patterns
gann suite
drawing tools
neural networks
custom scripting
system testing
data feed options
additional features
training mode
integrated ordermanagement
solution providers


pro2
bookstore


featured brokers



discussion forum
qscriptï¿½ library
blog
conferences



bookstore
webinars
qscriptï¿½ library
solution providers

useful links



submit a help ticket
peruse the faq
visit the supportforum
qscriptï¿½ library




contact us
solution provider program
affiliate program
media & reviews

 








 






text/html









successful trading in today's fast-moving and complex markets requires advanced analysis and tools. the simple formulas and common techniques found in other programs are not enough - today's successful trader needs a fundamentally different approach. designed by a cbot insider, wave59 is a powerful, advanced trading platform that delivers a competitive edge.
powerful, proprietary tools
look at the market like you've never been able to before, with predictive price forecasts, the fibonacci vortex™, hive technology™& market astrophysics. wave59's highly intelligent platform delivers informative & useful analyses to truly set your trading apart.
built by traders
unlike other platforms, wave59 was not designed by marketing people, sales agents, or entrepreneurs. it was designed by active traders primarily for their own personal use, and because of this you'll find that the sofware is different in a lot of ways to what is more commonly found in the retail arena. if you are looking for something more than the typical over-simplified red-light/green-light analysis commonly presented by most software vendors, we think you'll be pleasantly surprised once you start working with the unique tools found in w59. you'll notice the difference the minute you bring up your first chart.
helpful and knowledgeable community
our community is made up of some of the friendliest  traders you'll find anywhere. discuss analysis, review setups, and trade alongside others using the same tools that drive their trading decisions, all in a secure forum only available to other wave59 users.
 




 




















home
products
community
support
resources
affiliate program
contact us



©2019 wave59 technologies. all rights reserved
privacy policy
terms and conditions





