







dr. ian smith, best selling author, tv personality, physician






































 





skip to content








facebooktwitter 














  


search for:








homebook listthe official clean & lean recipe bookshred the revolutionary dietsuper shred: the big results dietshred power cleanse & recipe bookthe truth about meneathappythe 4 day detoxthe 4 day dietextreme fat smash dietthe fat smash dietthe blackbird papers: a novelshredshred videosshredder facebook groupsthe official shred t-shirtssuccess storiesabout dr. ian smiththe 50 million pound challengetour schedulenewsletter






search for:


















eat your age official recipe book150 tasty, affordable, simple, and healthy options for every decade of lifeavailable now!order now 






homedr. ian2024-11-14t12:46:27+00:00 
ian k. smith, m.d.
dr. ian smith’s recently released book wolf point is a follow-up to his wildly popular the unspoken a new series featuring chicago-based private investigator ashe cayne.  his previous novels are the ancient nine and the blackbird papers. amongst his nonfiction books, his recent fast burn, clean & lean and the clean 20, instantly hit the ny times bestsellers list and join the wildly popular shred series which was a #1 new york times bestseller. he is the author of 21 books with millions of copies in print. dr. ian served two terms on the president’s council for fitness, sports, and nutrition under president barack obama. you can follow him on twitter: @driansmith and on instagram: @doctoriansmith. visit his facebook pages: www.facebook.com/drianksmith and www.facebook.com/shreddernation
click here to download the app.
use the promo code: cleaner and get 20% off
your subscription.
dr. ian k. smith’s book list
view moresuccess stories

i had no idea how much my life would change in only a month. with shred i’m down a total of 27 lbs. at my age and metabolism, this is a miracle. i am a shredder for life.
beverly
thank you for shred! i’ve lost for good, 5 pounds during the first week. shred rocks!”
renita
this has been the best lifestyle change!
jenell



 
 





 

about dr. ian k. smith dr. ian smith is the author of the #1 new york times bestselling books, shred: the revolutionary diet, and super shred: the big results diet, and blast the sugar out. dr. smith’s highly anticipated newest book, the clean 20, became an instant new york times best seller, helping hundreds of thousands of people reduce bad sugars from their diet, lose weight, lower blood sugar levels, and cut the cravings. read more

 

home
book list
success stories
about dr. ian smith
 

 
 
 





		copyright 2018 dr. ian k. smith | all rights reserved
copyright 2018 website design | web alliance international agency llc 


facebooktwitter
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link















go to top




