     business law & litigation firm | hahn loeser & parks law firm       
  
skip to content
search all hahn loeser


open search dialog


 

 professionalslegal servicesnewsdeiaboutofficescareers
professionalslegal servicesnewsdeiaboutofficescareers
peopleour people are our foundation. we balance an entrepreneurial spirit with a team-based approach.
meet our professionals
passiona culture of excellence in a wide breadth of practices and industries and a commitment to helping our clients achieve their goals.
view our services
performanceresults and client service that exceed expectations.
chambers accolades
exceeding expectations every daysince our founding more than 100 years ago, we have defined our success by our ability to help clients turn to us for our creative and sophisticated approach to legal services, our responsiveness, and our commitment to client service.
the corporate transparency actthe cta impacts most privately owned businesses, and may impact real estate deals, construction engagements, estate planning for owners, labor and employment agreements and litigation.
learn more






previous

nextlatest insights
see all insights
featured insight | february 06, 2025


hahn loeser & parks san diego welcomes moreen k. mekha                        
hahn loeser & parks llp is pleased to announce that moreen k. mekha has joined the san diego office as an associate in the firm’s litigation practice area. mekha represents businesses and individuals in a wide range of commercial litigation matters, including contractual disputes, breach of fiduciary duties, fraud and product liability. “moreen is a […]publications

understanding the impact of ai: artificial intelligence, construction contracts, and even more complicated disputes (properties magazine)                            february 17, 2025news

hahn loeser makes additions to real estate leadership team                            february 14, 2025speaking engagements

guardianship and alternatives to guardianship (truenorth)                            february 13, 2025
©2025 hahn loeser & parks llpprivacy policycookie policycontact usattorney advertisingconsent preferences
















                                   

