















home - taste adventure









































facebook




instagram


  
 
 










home
about

about us
why organic
recipes
charitable info
faq’s
store locator


shop

shipping and returns
privacy policy


my account
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 
















organic soup cupsvegan – non gmo – no preservatives
just add water! 
browse soup cups











organic refried beansvegan – non gmo – no preservatives quick and easy! 
browse refried beans











organic bulkeconomical & long shelf life both soups and beans! 
view bulk products










after many years serving our customers via direct-to-consumer purchasing, we have made the decision to no longer offer this service. thus, effective immediately, we are ending ecommerce and toll-free telephone order placement.
we want to thank all of our loyal customers who love our taste adventure brand and have supported us over the years. we truly have the best customers in the food industry.
best wishes and healthy living from your taste adventure team!








fine foods from around the world











why organic?
learn more



browse recipes
go



store locator
go



charitable info
learn more








 
these are delicious! we love these refried beans, they are the best (and we have tried many kinds). only two ingredients: beans and sea salt. my kids love to make their own burritos and tostadas with them.– s. carroll
these beans are delicious! they taste like you soaked them the night before, cooked them to perfection, then mashed and refried them right before serving. they are soooo easy. i use these anytime i make mexican food and there are never leftovers. i just used my supply for cinco de mayo so now i’m reordering right away because i love them so much.– b. gerber
fantastic product. very high protein and fiber content, tastes great. you can mix it up as thick as a black bean side dish or use more water for thinner soup. this is an incredibly healthy and easy lunch to fix in any workplace with hot water if you want to get off the sandwich and chips weight gain train. i use this to control my weight and help to achieve a thirty gram fiber intake, which is a major chore to achieve without this product. the fiber binds cholesterol in the gut and i can tell by my cholesterol reading if i have been eating my soups often enough or not. this product helps me eat healthy when i travel . i give samples to my patients . read my review of the pea soup as well. i just pack some soup flakes and off i go.– b. baxter
 

[custom-facebook-feed]






































 
will-pak foods, inc.
4471 santa ana st., unit c, ontario, ca 91761
(909) 390-0040 · (800) 874-0883 · fax: (909) 390-0045
 privacy policy  |  shipping and returns
 



© 2025 will-pak foods, inc. - all rights reserved.  |  website by hoffmansites web and graphic design
 

 
 
 


pin it on pinterest



















