










spyro reignited trilogy | home


























































spyro

order game





home


available now


gallery


social


































     

     available now on new platforms











watch trailer





×
















































spyro™ the dragon







spyro™ 2: ripto's rage!







spyro™: year of the dragon




















 gnasty gnorc has returned from exile and has unleashed evil magic on the dragon realms, trapping the dragons in crystal and raising an army of gnorcs. spyro, with his friend sparx the dragonfly, is the only dragon left who can traverse the six homeworlds, free the dragons and save the day! 






















spyro has been brought to the land of avalar to defeat the evil sorcerer ripto who has brought war to avalar’s homeworlds. each homeworld is being held captive by ripto and his minions, and it's up to spyro to defeat them and bring peace to avalar’s realms.






















the dragon realms are celebrating the ‘year of the dragon’ when a mysterious cloaked figure emerges to steal all the dragon eggs. under the spell of the evil sorceress, an army of rhynocs is now guarding the helpless eggs in the forgotten realms. with new and old friends, spyro is on a quest to recover the lost eggs, defeat the rhynoc army and stop the evil sorceress.

















































standard




pc
playstation® 4
xbox one











sorry, the selected bundle is not available for this area.

buy now


































     

     follow along for updates

















     

     like
















     

     follow
















     

     follow
















     

     watch
































legal


terms of use


privacy policy


cookie policy


cookie settings


online safety


support







esrb rating


activision


toys for bob








united states





selected region: united states
close menu+





united states





united kingdom





english canada





australia





francais





deutschland





italia





españa





brasil





nederland





polska








© 2024 activision publishing, inc. activision, spyro, spyro reignited trilogy, spyro the dragon, spyro 2 ripto's rage! and spyro year of the dragon are trademarks of activision publishing, inc. the rating icon is a trademark of the entertainment software association. all other trademarks and trade names are the properties of their respective owners.













the software license and service agreement will be updated. please follow this link [https://www.activision.com/legal/ap-eula] in order to see these changes.

×




privacy policy update 
we’ve updated our privacy policy. you can view the revised policy here. by continuing to use activision’s websites, products or services, you acknowledge this revised privacy policy.
×




