






















ymca of monroe county | for a better us.




















skip to main content











join now
summer camp
summer camp financial assistance
group ex
we're hiring!
our hours
login

 


 




southeast ymca hours
sun: 8:00 am-6:00 pm mon: 6:00 am-9:00 pm tue: 6:00 am-9:00 pm wed: 6:00 am-9:00 pm thu: 6:00 am-9:00 pm fri: 6:00 am-8:00 pm sat: 8:00 am-6:00 pm 




child watch hours
sun: closedmon: 8:45 am-12:15 pm , 4:45 pm-7:30 pm tue: 8:45 am-12:15 pm , 4:45 pm-7:30 pm wed: 8:45 am-12:15 pm , 4:45 pm-7:30 pm thu: 8:45 am-12:15 pm , 4:45 pm-7:30 pm fri: 8:45 am-12:15 pm sat: 8:45 am-12:15 pm 



×
  


 






 ymca of monroe county


 ymca of monroe county​membership​join nowmembership ratesmilitary membershipsvisitor informationgift cardssummer camp financial assistancelocationsnorthwest ymcasoutheast ymcaymca fieldhouseview all branchesgroup ex schedulesvirtual on-demand librarycardio & strength classesflexibility & toning classesmind body classeswhat's new in group exprogramsadult health​building better balance​cardiac rehabhealthy hearts & active livesendurance trainings.t.e.p.p.s.​w.i.s.e.y-fitness for lifecamp​summer campsoutheast y summer campnorthwest y summer campsummer camp catalogsummer camp parent guidecamp resources & faq​break day campcommunitycorporate challengeregistrationteam captainsvolunteersbillingeventsclosures​resultsgolf scrambleleadership & business developmentbook clubmidweek motivation​service in friendship​spring runsenior lunch and learnchild care & activities​birthday parties​parent's night out​play and learnsafe sitter​the zonefamily eventsbreakfast with santacommunity pool partydaddy and me dancemuffins with momopen housesanta's workshoptrivia nighttrunk or treat​group ex classesfree group ex classespaid group ex classeswater classesmind-body classesbattlestations 360​personal training​personal fitness programs​meet the trainersy's weightsswimmingsafety around water​swim lessonssoutheast y swim lessonsnorthwest y swim lessonsprivate swim lessonsmeet the instructorsswim lesson levels & faqadult swim developmentmakos swim teamtiger sharks swim teamtraining & certificatescpr & first aid training​lifeguard traininglifeguard recertificationyouth strength trainingyouth & adult sports​adapted activities​adult sportsadult basketball​adult pickleball​adult racquetballadult ​volleyball​youth sportsyouth basketballyouth flag footballyouth ​martial artsninja warrioryouth pickleballsports of all sortsyouth ​soccer​youth t-ballyouth ​tennisyouth volleyballyouth enrichmentcreative arty homeschool hubhomeschool gym & swimgive nowdonate to the y​y for all scholarship fundbecome a community leadercreate a winning partnershipdonate to the futuresponsor our golf scramblesupport our facilitiesgive a gift at the galadonate while you shopmeet our donorsstories of impactsend a kid to summer camp​about usour hourswinter weather policyfacility amenities​facility rentalsaquatics informationnews & morein the newsfeatured member stories​jobs​volunteerour blog​contact uscomment formstay in touch
more



search form

search 


search





 











create, connect, exploresummer camp registration is open! enjoy early bird rates through march 31.
×



























 





 ymca of monroe county













 





group ex bingo 

exercise your fitness skills! 

february 7-march 7 

 

learn more 







trivia night 

saturday, february 21  |  5:45-8:30 pm 

 

register now 







monroe county ymca summer camp 

registration opens february 1 

 

register now 

enjoy early bird rates through march 31! 







summer camp 

 financial assistance 

accepting applications february 1-28 

 

apply now 







creative art 

 

learn more 

after-school art classes for kids 

of all ages every monday and thursday 


 
 
 








 

 


summer camp
create, connect, and explore at monroe county ymca summer camp!

summer camp
summer camp is so much more than fun in the sun. at the y, we provide an exciting and safe community for young people to explore the outdoors, build self-esteem, develop interpersonal skills, make lasting friendships, and more. in 2025, we are excited to continue making memories as we create, connect, and explore together! our goal during monroe county y summer camp is to provide a fun experience full of activities to help our campers build relationships and foster a sense of personal achievement in an atmosphere that reinforces ymca values: caring, honesty, respect, and responsibility.
as you explore our camp options and begin planning your child's summer, please don’t hesitate to contact our directors and/or coordinators directly via email or phone with any questions you have. we look forward to working together and embarking on your camper’s summer adventure!

explore our summer camp information below:




 


 

 


join now
enhance your health and happiness with a monroe county ymca membership!

sign up for a y membership
with our two facilities, expanse of group fitness classes, and recently renovated southeast y weight room, there are so many ways to stay active and continue your health journey at the monroe county ymca. 
to join now, click the button below and select your desired home branch (southeast or northwest), then follow the prompt to set up your ymca membership. after completing your online registration, pick up your membership cards and have your photo taken at your nearest monroe county y branch. 
please note: your membership to the monroe county y includes access to both our southeast and northwest y branches, regardless of which you choose as your home branch.

join now



 


 

 


give now
give today for a stronger community tomorrow!

giving

together, we can achieve so much more
the y is here to give everyone in our community an opportunity to learn, grow, and thrive. when you give to the y, your gift will have a meaningful, enduring impact right in your own neighborhood. because the y impacts lives in a variety of ways, we have different funds that allow you to designate how your gift will affect the community.
	 
thank you!
as we finish 2024, commercial service has generously agreed to match the first 10,000 raised for our y for all scholarship fund through the end of the year. their steadfast support has been instrumental to the prosperity of the monroe county y, operationally and philanthropically, and this year’s gift will guarantee that every dollar you contribute will go twice as far!
        
	 
did you know? 
your donation could send a child to summer camp, allow a senior to rehabilitate from a life-changing illness or injury, or give a family a place to grow and thrive together. see how every donation helps change lives: 


to learn more about each fund and how you can support our mission, click on the bubbles below:



 













the y was essential in my getting my life back. i’ve enjoyed personal friendships and good health all thanks to the y. i will always be grateful for the y and the role it continues to play in my life.mary grogan, y member and former y financial assistance recipient 
  


the staff cares about every person who comes in here, and treats them with incredible dignity and respect, and professional competence. the staff is unbelievable—absolutely top notch.vera & bill weber, healthy hearts & active lives participants
  


darren makes every workout both fun and productive. his constant variations to my routine keep me motivated and allow for true progress. as a result, i am getting stronger and more confident every day.lisa townsend, ymca personal training client
  


aqua fit is more than just exercise for us. we have a good, supportive community, and we worry about one another when we don’t see each other.judy schroeder, deep water aqua fit participant
  


i am 72 years old. thanks to moving for a healthier you and building better balance, i have never felt better in my life when it comes to moving.ellie o'connor, building better balance and moving for a healthier you participant
 


previous next 



 





quick links





 

featured donor

 

chamber member

 












14feb 

join us for our iu volleyball clinic!volley around with iu volleyball join indiana university volleyball players luca fickell, sade ilawole, and avry tatum for an exciting and impactful volleyball clinic at our northwest y ! whether you're a beginner looking to improve your fundamentals or an... 







07feb 

exercise your fitness skills with group ex bingogroup ex bingo now is a great time to try a new class, focus on your steps, bring a friend to your favorite class, and more! from february 7 through march 7, simply cross off each square as you complete... 







04feb 

summer camp financial assistance applications are open!summer camp financial assistance the monroe county ymca is pleased to announce the summer camp financial assistance (fa) application period is open! starting saturday, february 1 , those who would like help covering their children’s 2025 summer camp registration fees... 







21feb 

compete in trivia night at the southeast y!trivia night friday, february 21 southeast y put your trivia skills to the test with trivia night at the y! bring the whole family or tap into your competitive side with a group of friends. each session will begin with... 





 





















stay up to date on the things we do:







                email *




signup

















 







mission statement
to put christian principles into practice through programs that build healthy spirit, mind, and body for all.
 

givingcapital campaign
chairman's round table
community rewards
endowment fund
heritage club
mission moments
volunteer
y for all

membershipfor our guests
join now
our rates
try the y

programscamp
child care & activities
community
family events
fitness classes
healthy lifestyles
sports
swimming
training & certificates

 


connect






privacy policy
terms of use
 




 ymca of monroe county © 2025  





