


american turf monthly - america's #1 horse racing handicapping magazine


























1-800-645-2240










view cart
0 item, $0.00











publications

bookstore

member login

selections

current issue










  
						
























 american turf club

                	a weekly newsletter with info on ready-to-win horses, established to give "horses-to-watch" fans more timely action. 
                













 daily winning selections

                	 full cards from aqueduct and gulfstream and oaklawn, spot plays with daily featured best bets from both tracks including in-depth analysis.  
                
















subscribe to free weekly  e-mail newsletter

















magazine home


about atm


publications / subscriptions


books, videos & software


classified


track equalization chart


pro-rated longshots


pace systems & angles


advertising


free newsletter


search article index


contact atm



























pro rated longshots plus

                    
                    
                    
    pro rated longshots plus takes dan geer's time-tested 
longshot selection method into the next millennium. exotic 
wagering use, specifically exactas and trifectas, is 
explained in detail.  ideal for  the simulcast attendee....
                      
price:$20.00












positive factor handicapping

                    
                    
                    
    ray taulbot's books are classics of handicapping 
literature. in the 1950s, he had already laid the 
foundation for what others are only now discovering. this 
62-page masterpiece features a powerful spot play method 
that automatically eliminate...
                      
price:$19.95












multiple factor rating method 

                    
                    
                    
    the multiple factor rating method is a mathematical 
rating 
process that selects the probable winner in a horse race 
by 
assigning to each entry a positive numerical value based 
on 
four basic handicapping factors: class, speed, win 
consis...
                      
price:$19.95












 full cards featuring the breeders' cup 2024 ~   aqueduct and gulfstream, and oaklawn spot plays with daily featured best bets from both tracks including in-depth analysis.

                    
                    
                    
    american turf's new expanded daily aqueduct and 
gulfstream and oaklawn
selections. get daily full card picks and spot plays for 
the top tracks.


american turf has professional handicappers and a 
network of 
experienced trackmen an...
                      
price:$10.00












exacta win-o-meter: a precision scale for calculating correct exacta payoffs

                    
                    
                    
    some players look for "value" which means they seek a 
higher payoff than could normally be anticipated. there's 
nothing wrong with this concept. the problem is that 
usually one's opinion as to value is purely subjective 
and not based on solid...
                      
price:$30.00































publications

bookstore

member login

selections

current issue










  
						

















123

redeeming a gift certificate or promotional certificate? we'll ask for your claim code when it's time to pay.


	copyright © 2025, american turf monthly. all rights reserved. .












