



sons to glory books | everlasting kingdom of jesus
















hebrews 
          2:10
"for in bringing many sons 
          to glory, it 
          was only fitting that god, the creator and preserver of everything, 
          should bring the author of their salvation to this goal through
sufferings."





books


purpose


newsletters


friends


messages




 

sons to glory books
kingdom books for free in these 
        formats: 1. website (html), 2. e-book (.pdf), and 3. 
        paperback (as supplies last)




sons 
              to glory - bringing many sons to glory -- by paul jablonowski
a modern day pentecost awaits our generation, 
              but the cross is the only way to obtain 
              a crown in the kingdom of god. all previous moves of god have moved 
              and then stopped moving because of not understanding the 
              wisdom of the cross. but we have a promise (eph. 5:27) that 
              there will be a spotless bride body people who will continually 
              run after the lord and move with him for eternity!
an emphasis on sonship 
              is certainly a biblical mandate. true spiritual father & son 
              relationships are so desperately needed in our performance oriented 
              society where talent and gifting wrongly outweigh godly character. 
              this book offers a solution to developing real discipleship and 
              covenant relationships with those whom god has you connected.
bringing many sons to glory is the goal of 
              this book. the cross of christ is the 
              way and the means by which this goal can occur in your life. therefore, 
              the picture on the cover of this book has a crown representing the 
              glory that god desires to give to all of his children, and the cross 
              is under girding the crown. the coming move of god in our generation 
              will be fueled by a people whose passion is to live the crucified 
              life (death to selfishness). only then, can jesus truly live his 
              life of sacrificial love through us - his mature sons.
240 pages, - read 
              on-line  
              |   download 
              e-book   
              |  paperback





the 
              shekinah glory of christ at his coming -- by roland pletts

this book contains a revolutionary new understanding 
              of the manner of christ's coming in glory. 
              may it be a blessing to those who are open to receive revelation 
              from him.
in 1994 the lord opened my spirit to receive 
              spiritual understanding as to how he will return and establish his 
              kingdom on earth. it did not come from my own knowledge but 
              from his spirit. the insight i received is not how popular books 
              teach he will come. in fact i have never read this in any book or 
              ever heard it taught - it came from the spirit of god - and i now 
              know he has also shown many others the same thing. i can say with 
              the apostle paul, "for i neither received it of man, neither 
              was i taught it, but by the revelation of jesus christ." (gal. 
              1:12). after this i carefully studied the scriptures and concluded 
              that what was shown is more correct than any other teaching i had 
              considered. god began to show me things that i had never seen before.
the lord's spirit disclosed to me that when 
              the lord jesus christ returns to earth 
              he will simply step out of the invisible realm and appear to believers 
              wherever they may be. they may be in their homes, or in a place 
              of prayer, or worshipping together. he will come to each individual 
              believer or group of believers who are looking for his return. he 
              will appear in his glorified body and be real and tangible to all 
              who love him. he will be visible, and function in a real body in 
              the same way he did during the forty days after his resurrection. 
              when he comes he will establish god's kingdom in the world and will 
              empower his people to rule with him.
72 pages, -
read 
              on-line   
              |   download 
              e-book   
              |  paperback





the 
              dawn of earth's great millennium -- by bonnie gaunt
we are living in a very special era - a magnificent 
              time-parallel to the first advent of jesus. events which happened 
              2,000 years ago in obscure israel, are now experiencing a fulfillment 
              on a global scale.
the parallel to his birth brought us to the 
              autumn of 1999. the parallel to his death will bring us to the spring 
              of 2033. this interim period of 33-1/2 years is happening all around 
              us. look at the signs. they are magnificent! the parallels are awesome! 
              they give us a glimpse into the future of this generation, and an 
              insight into the establishment of the kingdom 
              of jesus christ upon earth. we are now in the early dawning, 
              looking for the sunrise of that new "day."
author, bonnie gaunt, has been researching 
              the bible's number code (gematria) 
              for over 40 years. in this, her 15th and final book on the topic, 
              she has once again made the gematria of the bible come alive, to 
              show us the very special era in which we are now living. bonnie 
              has appeared as a guest of pat robertson on the 700 club, as well 
              as on many television documentaries and radio interviews. her work 
              has received worldwide acclaim.
120 pages, -
read 
              on-line  
              |   download 
              e-book   
              |  paperback






tale 
              of two hearts-- by miles wylie albright
the story of the heart of david and the heart 
              of saul; the story of the love of god and the fear of man; the story 
              of passion for the truth and obsession with outward appearance; 
              the story of the devotion of jesus and the hypocrisy of the pharisee.
tale of two hearts will open your eyes to 
              first samuel to such a degree that you will never see first 
              samuel or the other 65 books of the bible the same way again!
in this perceptive study of "two hearts," 
              the author exhibits a keen insight into details that are easy to 
              overlook in the lives of david and saul, 
              which will help the reader understand more fully what it means to 
              be a man after the lord's own heart. conversely, by way of contrast, 
              he has also painted a clear picture of the heart of one who wants 
              to be seen as that man, but is not willing to pay the price to be 
              him. this book will change how you understand the conflict between 
              david and saul, and help you to become even more fully a man or 
              woman after god's own heart.
144 pages, -
read 
              on-line   
              |   download 
              e-book   
              |  paperback






the 
              kingdom of god on earth -- by kenny mitchell
the revolution is in progress! the kingdom 
              of god is being established on the earth as it is in heaven by the 
              church. the 21st century church is beginning to be more productive 
              (fruitful) than the 20th century church in manifesting the kingdom 
              of god upon the earth. hopefully our children and our children's 
              children will be participating in this glorious manifestation.
kenny mitchell hopes the message in this 
              book sparks a flame in the hearts of those who read it. kenny fully 
              believes there is so much more the lord wants his church to understand 
              regarding the entire precept of the fullness of the kingdom of god 
              coming to earth and the will of god being done in the earth as it 
              is in heaven.
the kingdom of god on earth includes the 
              full spectrum of the marketplace in: government, business, education, 
              media, healthcare, church, and law enforcement. these seven 
              "gates of the city" are discussed in detail and 
              compared with the seven spirits of god 
              mentioned in scripture: "the spirit of the lord, the spirit 
              of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of counsel and power, the 
              spirit of knowledge and the fear of the lord." (isaiah 
              11:2) the gates of hell will not overcome the church founded in 
              the 7 spirits!
118 pages, - read 
              on-line  
              |   download 
              e-book  | 
               paperback








