





windows on the water















































skip to content














 

homeaboutgalleryeventsmenusvendorscontact





menu























 










the place where it all beginsyour premiere jersey shore wedding venue at surfrider beach club.













view more
















packages


















































happily ever after 



we cover the special events that your life needs.

























 



weddingreceptions


elegance and excellence on the water at our nj wedding venue















 



corporate &professional


stage your next corporate party designed to inspire and share.















 



christenings &baptisms


planning a christening or baptism ceremony?, let's check it out!















icon_candles 



bat / barmitzvahs


a wonderful opportunity to celebrate, let's plan your event.





















events
















menus & packages
















virtual tour



















































menus & packages 



your guests will enjoy looking out at the waves breaking onto the sandy beach before ascending the stairs to the elegantly appointed empress ballroom, doesn’t that sound perfect!






















lovely food for a lovely evening with your beloved  ones, check now what is the best option for you.














menus













take a virtual tour of our new jersey wedding venue














virtual tour













check the extra services from our vendors, to complete your event experience.














vendors

























virtual tour section 



ceremony spaceexperience our private beachfront destination on the jersey shore. 



empress ballroomview our elegant empress ballroom with panoramic views of the atlantic ocean. 



our brochureflip through the pages of past events and list of our preferred vendors. 













view more














 























reviews























						getting married at windows on the water is one of the best decisions meghan and i have ever made. the service was on par with the venue. everything was absolutely perfect.					


timothy & meghan m. 






						the day was perfect, the food was absolutely phenomenal and they did everything to make sure i was stress free..which by the way, i was. all my guests said the staff was so nice and accommodated any needs they or i had. i would recommend windows on the water to everyone!!					


carlie o. 






						the staff was friendly and the service was top notch. several guests have reached out and said this is the best wedding they have ever been to. i have to say that it was a perfect, flawless, and unforgettable experience at windows on the water from start to finish. thank you for making our wedding day the best it could be!					


kate f. 






previous



next













































 







weddingwire reviews














 







yelp reviews














 







new jersey bride reviews














 







the knot reviews














 







njwedding reviews



















 











 











windows on the water at surfrider beach club 









windows on the water at surfrider beach club 






























 



give us a call

732.842.8463















 



open hours

mon - tues: closedwed - sun: 9:30am - 5:00pmtours by appointment only















 



surfrider beach club

931 ocean ave sea bright  n.j. 07760
























 at surfrider beach club | events@njwindowsonthewater.com | 732-842-8463
surfrider beach club membership - 732-842-2358
terms & conditions
 
 
 





				copyright ©2020 windows on the water			









close menu

























