




king and country toy soldiers











 
 


 



		home

-
 


 

getting started?

-
 


 



		site search

-
 


 


battlefield scenics accessories
 


 
 
 


 


		toy soldiers
 


 


king & country

-
 


 


		king & country split sets

-
 


 


		camp randall

-
 


 
more information

 


 


gift certificates

-
 


 


king & country comparisons

-
 


 


customer photo gallery

-
 


 


creating figures

-
 


 


scale of figures

-
 


 

about us / info

-
 


 

mail order form

-
 


 



forum

-
 


 



		links

-
 



king and country
king 
& country toy soldiers is considered by collectors one of the premier toy 
soldier manufacturers of our time.  king & country was founded in 1984 in hong 
kong by two expatriate scots, andy c. neilson and laura mcallister. 
andy, a former royal marine commando had been interested in and collecting toy 
soldiers since a young boy. laura provided the solid business background and 
support. from humble beginnings, king & country has developed into one of the 
world's major designers and producers of all-metal, hand-painted 1:30 scale 
military and civilian miniatures. 
in addition to their metal miniatures figures, king & country has also developed 
an amazing and expanding range of scale model buildings, fighting vehicles and 
tanks, ships and aircraft, all made of poly-resin.
 

king & country toy soldiers and camp 
randall figures are our specialty.
  order online or call 1-406-837-3453 10:00am - 5:00pm 
monday - saturday!
hopefully we can share our enthusiasm of collecting 
these pieces of art!  your satisfaction is guaranteed.
  


 
 
  

customer requests   
we get many requests for certain items or 
policy questions.  here's a few answers to the most recent questions!
1) reserve special edition releases.   
lately we don't even get a chance to list a limited edition piece on the website 
before its gone!   sign up to be guaranteed any of the limited release 
items before they are announced.
2)  we hold items.   absolutely!  let us know what you want us 
to set aside for you!  with all the new releases produced by king & country 
we are happy to hold items for you so they aren't retired before you have a 
chance to purchase them.  we can hold them for several months!
3)  split sets.  
we do split sets by request if you would like to purchase an 
individual figure.
  4)  pre-order  pre-order 
any new release!  just follow the instructions on the

pre-order page.

information about toy soldiers

toys soldiers are available in a large variety of subjects and materials of 
composition such as metal, resin and plastic. to create a toy soldier a skilled 
artist must create the initial carvings or sculptures also called the masters 
(click here to see some prototypes). masters can be created in wax, epoxy, clay, 
resin or wood depending on the artists choice. these masters are molded and the 
molds used to cast the finished toy soldiers in metal. metals most commonly used 
may be lead, pewter, tin, gold, silver and bronze. once toy soldiers are cast in 
metal they are hand painted by skilled artisans using acrylics or enamel paints. 
vehicles tend to be cast in polystone but there are companies that produce 
vehicle made of metal.

the scale of toy soldiers varies significantly between manufacturers. most fall 
into the 1/32 scale or 54mm. a few manufacturers of toy soldiers produce 1/30 
scale toy soldiers. these toy soldiers tend to be slightly larger than other 
brands and we don't recommend combining them with the 1/32 toy soldiers due to 
the discrepancy in their heights. we feel the advantage of the larger size 
figures is the increase of details the sculptors can work into each piece. 
brands that produce 1/32 scale toy soldiers are forward march, camp randall, hjb 
figures, pickelhaube, britains, conte, st. petersburg collection, king & country produces toy soldiers in the 1/30 scale. these toy soldiers are not 
compatible with other brands except hjb toy soldiers.

toy soldiers can be cast in limited or unlimited quantities. these limited 
quantities are also called "editions". edition sizes for most toy soldier 
companies tend to be around 500 castings but some may run over 1000.

there are several companies that produce dioramas and accessories for toy 
soldiers. king & country, jg miniatures, build-a-rama, kancali, scenic 
modeler, william james collection are well know manufacturers of scenics and 
dioramas for 1/32 & 1/30 scale toy soldiers. 

several companies produce high quality die cast metal vehicles to accompany 1/32 
scale toy soldiers. these are forces of valor, 21st century toys, minichamps and 
corgi.

 a little about king & country 
 the first time we saw the world war ii pieces made by king & 
country we were impressed. the vehicles have great detail but its the 
character of the people that really caught our attention. the expression is 
excellent and the pieces come alive. we are highly excited about king & country! especially the 
king & country new releases!

description all pieces are in the 1/30 size category.
you'll find that king & country figures & vehicles are slightly larger than 
most other brands. they tend to run 60mm in height rather than the standard 54mm 
that traditional 1/32 figures are measured. this allows for more detail and 
expression. the figures are cast in pewter and the vehicles and buildings are 
cast in polystone. (click here to see some prototypes) the wheels move on 
armored vehicles and jeeps. vehicles with tracks such as tanks have moveable 
turrets and gun barrels but the tracks and most hatches are static. the static 
tracks do not detract from the piece. edition sizes are around 500 castings but 
some may run over 1000.

we would consider king & country's figures collectible. most of all we 
recommend king & country because the quality of expression in the figures!
 
 king & country history
 king & country was founded in 1984 in hong kong by two 
expatriate scots, andy c. neilson and laura mcallister. 
andy, a former royal marine commando had been interested in and collecting toy 
soldiers since a young boy. laura provided the solid business background and 
support. from humble beginnings, king & country has developed into one of the 
world's major designers and producers of all-metal, hand-painted 1:30 scale 
military and civilian miniatures. 
in addition to their metal miniatures figures, king & country has also 
developed an amazing and expanding range of scale model buildings, fighting 
vehicles and tanks, ships and aircraft, all made of polyresin. as well as 
producing their own ranges king & country also designs and manufactures 
"corporate gifts" for companies in the publishing, airline and premium business.

from their headquarters in hong kong, king & country oversees every stage of 
design, development and production in mainland china. they also take part in 
trade and collector shows in europe and the u.s. among king & country's 
best-selling ranges are "streets of old hong kong" --- a colorful and dynamic 
series of chinese figures and buildings depicting street life in-turn-of-the 
century colonial hong kong. their various "world war two" series encompass 
figures, fighting vehicles and buildings that stretch from the shores of d. day 
normandy to the sands of iwo jima and all points in between! two recent 
additions are the german afrika korps and the british eighth army. 
other exciting and colourful series cover such diverse topics as "the age of 
napoleon" and "the american revolutionary war". they even produce the roman army 
of julius caesar. one of king & country recent releases is "in the time of the 
pharaoh". this colourful series travels back in time to the splendour and 
magnificence of ancient egypt. more contemporary series also include the recent 
conflicts in afghanistan and iraq. 

as king & country continues to grow and develop they remain totally committed 
to producing unique and collectable military and civilian miniatures that are 
the finest on the market and at price levels affordable to their customersboth 
individual and corporate.
 

 site links
 

home, 

king & country brochures,

king & country image gallery,

guest book,

feedback
 brands of 
toy soldiers 
available from the 
international toy 
soldiers gallery:
  

king and country 
brand of toy soldiers;


d day 44 americans,

waffen ss, 


battle of the bulge,british 8th army,

fall of berlin, iwo jima,

 leibstandarte,

day british,

king and country toys soldiers: waffen ss berlin,

wwii new releases,

american revolution 
new releases,

afrika korps,

american revolution 
americans, 
american revolution british,

new 


leibstandarte,
 
leibstandarte,

ancient egypt,

age of napoleon french,

age of napoleon 
british,

special forces iraq,

special forces 
afghanistan,

streets of old hong 
kong,

romans, british scot guards,

blackwatch 
on parade,

today's royal navy, hristmas, hjb 
brand of toy soldiers,


germans, 
 



camp randall 
brand of toy soldier;


wwi americans,


ww1 french,


wwi germans,



scenics,



forward march
brand of toy 
soldiers; 


agincourt,


american civil war, 


american civil war 
medical series,


individual figures;



d day americans & 
british, 

berlin 38,


waffen ss,



germans, 





rodden 
heraldic 
brand of toy soldiers, 



pickelhaube 
brand of toy soldiers,



britain's brand of toy 
soldiers;


armored vehicles,

infantry,

artillery & crews,

scenics,







conte brand of toy soldiers;


british,


 german,

waffen ss, 



st. petersburg 
collection, 

forces of valor,

21st century,


t & m co.,

osprey publishing,

scenics: jg 
miniatures, 

build-a-rama; 

accessories regular,

 winter,





kancali,



scenic modeler,




william james 
collection. links. 
more arriving soon!
contact information

please call us for placing orders via phone or just to simply ask a 

question!

telephone 
1-406-837-3453




 
send mail to

gallery@toysoldiersgallery.com with 
questions or comments about this web site.
copyright © 2004-06
international toy soldier gallery
last modified: 05/10/10

 


