






















home - gds associates, inc


















































770.425.8100



facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube


 





facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube



requests for proposals
 












home
services

energy supply

power supply planning
generation services
renewable energy resources, distributed generation & chp
energy procurement services


rates, regulatory & financial services

rate, regulatory & financial services
load forecasting & data analytics
risk management
municipal financial services
rto settlements & scheduling services
regulatory & restructuring services


energy efficiency

energy efficiency & dsm
building energy services consulting
industrial & commercial
agricultural
municipal
energy consulting for the hospitality industry
public housing authority


transmission

transmission services overview
operations/regulatory
transmission services planning
nerc compliance services


natural gas

natural gas consulting


other specialized services

information technology
water & wastewater utility consulting services
utility privatization services




hi-line engineering

utility distribution services

about hi-line engineering
line design & staking
hi-line training overview
system planning
work order inspection
mapping & drafting
arc-flash hazard analysis
expert testimony/litigation
meter review/ami meter evaluation
renewables design & distributed generation
gds utility privatization services


downloads
hi-line bookstore
training classes & testing

2025 training class schedule
2025 webinar schedule
2025 basic electric distribution systems webinar series
testing login




about

meet the team
gds news


careers
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 












the power to engage, the energy to create.

let's get connected







in the news:
gds associates earns 2024 energy star® partner of the year – 
sustained excellence award

read more











dependable resources designed for you
we understand that our clients want to get it right the first time. whether you are in the business of electric, gas, water or wastewater utilities, we know your time and resources are valuable. our goal is to be a wise investment for you, while ensuring the consistent quality that is the foundation of our long-term relationships. no two clients are alike. we serve a diverse client base with a variety of energy consulting services, as well as information technology, market research, and statistical services.

our services








energy supply








energy efficiency








rates, regulatory & financial










environment & safety








transmission








other specialized services











our mission
help our clients succeed by anticipating and understanding their needs and by efficiently delivering quality services with confidence and integrity.







we are gds associates
we are a multi-service consulting and engineering firm. formed in 1986, gds now employs a staff of more than 175 in seven locations across the u.s. our broad range of expertise includes electric, gas, water, and wastewater utilities.



learn more about our team





employment opportunities
gds consultants are recognized as industry experts and leaders who combine years of technical knowledge with state-of-the-art technology to address tough industry problems.  explore opportunities to become a part of our team.

view current opportunities



hi-line engineering,
a gds associates company
hi-line engineering offers planning, mapping, and design services to the electric utility industry throughout the united states. we provide high-quality, personal service to rural electric cooperatives, investor-owned utilities, municipals, and the u.s. military.

read more



energy star partner
gds associates is proud to partner with energy star to promote energy efficient products and practices that save money and protect our environment.


















requests for proposals
gds offers expertise in the management of resource solicitation projects and the evaluation of bulk power sales proposals. from production and release of the solicitation to final contract negotiation, we have managed dozens of national solicitations resulting in substantial long-term power cost savings.

get in touch







providing solid engineering and energy consultant services throughout the u.s. and canada
let's talk!



 







menu
home
services
about
team
news
careers
contact
corporate office
1850 parkway place, suite 800
marietta, georgia 30067
770.425.8100
sign up for our newsletter 


 






facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube


gds associates, inc engineers & consultants | 1850 parkway place, suite 800, marietta, ga 30067 | 770.425.8100disclaimer | terms & conditions | privacy policy  | copyright © 2025 all rights reserved.
 

 
 
 















