












home | archdiocese of san antonio catholic schools








      skip to main content
    



















apply













 






















      home    


      choose catholic education    


      schools    


      summer programs    


      academics    







      components of programs & counseling    


      summer programming    








      tuition assistance    







      hope for the future    








      about    







      contact us    










      careers    








      news    


      mother cabrini center    


















 












 

 
















 
about our catholic schools
"providing students with the academic and spiritual benefits of a faith-based education." 
catholic schools in the archdiocese of san antonio are dynamic learning communities serving nearly 9,000 students in pre-k through 12th grade. as communities of faith, our schools are called to be witnesses to the teachings of jesus christ and bring that love and inspiration to our students and their families. we go beyond academics – shaping and transforming students through faith and building leaders with integrity.
we also provide students with a rigorous education that fosters academic excellence, creativity, emotional growth, integrity, and leadership. from s.t.r.e.a.m. to spanish immersion, montessori to fine arts, each school has its own unique offerings and school communities.
as you will see in each of our schools, the mission of love and learning prepares each student to go out into the world and accomplish the great things god has planned for them.












 

 













 
witness the difference at our catholic schools
dear friends in christ,
for more than 150 years, catholic schools serving the communities of the archdiocese of san antonio have introduced children to a world of spiritual formation and academic learning, providing them with an education that enables them to become faithful, productive members of their communities.
rooted in gospel values, rigorous academics, and a commitment to nurturing the uniqueness of every person, our schools give children the invaluable gift of a complete education—fostering catholic formation along with intellectual, physical, social, and emotional growth. 
the spirit of community is strong in each of our 35 schools. administrators, teachers, and parents work together to create a positive environment where children are valued, encouraged, and guided to become the young men and women god created them to be.
if the cost of catholic education is a concern, please contact the administrator at the school you are considering. scholarships are available to help make a catholic education possible for every family.
we invite you to join us! take a moment to browse our website to learn more about our schools. we value the unique charism and culture of each campus and invite you to schedule a tour to find the option that best fits your family's needs and feels like home.
we look forward to partnering with you and your child on this journey.
may god bless you and your families!
dr. marti west
superintendent of catholic schools
archdiocese of san antonio



 














 













 
choosing a catholic school means your child will experience...


 

 
 

an education rooted in catholic teachings and traditions.



 
 

a rigorous academic curriculum that nurtures college and career readiness.



 
 

a supportive, engaging, and welcoming community.















 
academic vision
focused on our goals of college and heaven, our catholic schools are committed to providing a rigorous academic curriculum that nurtures college and career readiness, prepares students for 21st-century challenges, and forms our students spiritually and socially. standards are based on the teks (texas essential knowledge and skills) standards and integrate catholic values and teachings across all subject areas.
the catholic schools in the archdiocese of san antonio exercise autonomy in discerning and selecting a course curriculum that best meets the needs of the school.
explore our standards and curriculum











 





















 
find a catholic school
pre k-8     9-12
find a school by name
















 
tuition assistance
tuition assistance is available for catholic schools in the archdiocese of san antonio through hope for the future. 
hope for the future serves any family with demonstrated need in san antonio and the outlying communities who seek a faith-filled and rigorously academic education. tuition assistance is prioritized by financial need and based on available funding. learn more about tuition assistance through hope for the future.












 
news from our catholic schools










 







 


november 26, 2024


superintendent transfer grant- enroll today!


discover the difference with a catholic education!






 


september 19, 2024


give big to our schools through big give sa!


the big give is officially underway, and our schools have big goals this year!






 


may 21, 2024


summer at st. gerard 2024


register today for summer @ st. gerard! don't miss this opportunity to train with the best!





 
more
 













































footer


careers


contact us





 









© 2022 catholic schools - archdiocese of san antonio | 210-734-1954














