




lisette gonzalez – ux design & research






































 






welcome
about
contact
linkedin








welcome
about
contact
linkedin












leading design teams from ambiguity to clarity and impactover the years, i've had the privilege of collaborating with diverse clients in various industries. my favorite part is learning about and understanding the different users' needs. while it's easy to focus on what a business wants, i make sure the user's voice is always present. no matter how beautiful something looks, it's not a successful design if the people it's meant for struggle to use it. leading design teams from ambiguity to clarity and impactover the years, i've had the privilege of collaborating with diverse clients in various industries. my favorite part is learning about and understanding the different users' needs. while it's easy to focus on what a business wants, i make sure the user's voice is always present. no matter how beautiful something looks, it's not a successful design if the people it's meant for struggle to use it. leading design teams from ambiguity to clarity and impactover the years, i've had the privilege of collaborating with diverse clients in various industries. my favorite part is learning about and understanding the different users' needs. while it's easy to focus on what a business wants, i make sure the user's voice is always present. no matter how beautiful something looks, it's not a successful design if the people it's meant for struggle to use it. 













get to know me












design spotlight









clinical trail management
tabular desktop design | data visualization









patient care adherence platform [nda]
mobil & desktop design | data visualization









nico - ai chatbot
ai chatbot | generative ai









scalable innovation in aquarium management
dashboard | mobile app









health plan data storytelling [nda]
data visualization | dashboard









transforming data into strategic insights
data visualization | dashboard desktop









connecting food artisans and communities
mobile app design









optimizing clinical trial recruitment
tabular desktop design | data visualization









personalized nutrition [nda]
mobile app design









usage and knowledge of online tools and generative ai: a survey of students
ux research | ai















let's stay connected.let's stay connected.let's stay connected.let's stay connected.



























































 

















