






the elegant stitch – quilting & design by naomi hynes
































































skip to content



 




the elegant stitch
quilting & design by naomi hynes








    menu	
home
location
quilting services
quilting by naomi
digital design by naomi
contact me
stories  

show quilts
custom quilting
who am i


store
book an appointment

  scroll down to content








posts





posted on 22 april, 20202 may, 2020sunflowers are still yellow at night 2020 i-sew-lation quilt along 


 




hay lovely quilting family. welcome to my 2020 i-sew-lation quilt along. over the past few weeks i designed this quilt to help keep us busy at home, use some of our stash and lift our spirits. over the next month each saturday i will post a pdf here on how to create the three blocks contained in the quilt, then piecing and borders. the finished quilt will be 62 x 62 inches square. 


this quilt is inspired by van gogh’s starry night and sunflowers. it’s called sunflowers are still yellow at night. 


to remind us that although life is upside down at the moment some things will always be the same. sunflowers are still yellow and you are still loved. 


i would love to see you all dive into your stash to create the quilt rather than go shopping. after all, it is an i-sew-lation quilt. you could go scrappy just remember to make sure that the contrast in fabrics is true to the pattern. 
happy stitching





posted on 23 april, 201521 september, 2015true blue raider of my stash 


 


my journey into art quilting.
i made this quilt for the 2015 australian quilt convention challenge, “true blue.” this is really just the second art quilt i have ever made and i was very proud when it became a finalist and was accepted into the traveling suitcase.
i have turned to art quilting of late because of time constraints when it comes to producing my own work. art quilts are generally smaller in size meaning that these quilts can be quicker to produce. although on saying that there is probably as may man hours in this quilt as a king size custom quilt. so maybe i was just more determined to complete this piece.
the piece combines many techniques including, hand dying, fussy cut raw edge applique, fabric painting and inktense pencil work and many hours of intense free motion quilting. all the raw edge applique work and quilting was done on my gammill  longarm and the quilt did not see any domestic machine work until it was ready for binding.
the quilt depicts a satin bower bird who is courting his female with a collection of stolen fabrics and blocks from my stash.




posted on 22 february, 201418 january, 2023welcome to the elegant stitch quilting and design website. 


 


hi and welcome.
my name is naomi hynes and i am a longarm quilter and digital designer located in mirboo north, less that two hours south east of melbourne australia. i have been enjoying the art of patchwork and quilting for approximately 20 years and have been a professional quilter since 2010. my long arm quilting service is located  in mirboo north and services customers of melbourne’s south east suburbs, gippsland and the latrobe valley. i am also happy to quilt for customers from all over australia. quilts can be posted and returned by post.




posted on 13 february, 201413 february, 2014gatton stars quilt 


 


the gatton stars quilted i quilted in 2013 for jan a customer in my guild “waverley patchworkers inc”.  the quilt is designed by michelle yeo and is made from beautiful reproduction fabrics.
the gatton stars quilt is a medallion quilt consisting of a central original block surrounded by a border of flying geese and then a border of le moyne stars. a second flying geese border is then featured and the quilt is completed with a border of blazing star blocks.
right from the beginning i wanted the quilting on jan’s quilt to be unique and so i set about designing all the quilting designs for this quilt. i wanted the quilting to give a sense of balance and uniformity to the quilt. jan was particularly pleased with the feathers and arcs combination around the central star.  the arcs continue across both borders. jan’s hand pieced “gatton stars” quilt was beautifully hand pieced and was an absolute pleasure to quilt. thank you jan for allowing me to quilt your gatton star.
michelle yeo’s stunning quilt designs can be found at www.michelleyeoquiltdesigns.com





posted on 13 february, 201423 april, 2015materialization 


 


winner of the marie heart award . waverley patchworkers quilt show 2012.
winner of small quilts professional. victorian quilters showcase 2012.
third place innovative custom-small. amqas 2012.
this quilt was made using lisa calle’s divide and design technique.
the name “materialization”was the result of the process of quilting as the pattern materializes during the quilting process.





like me on facebook 
sign up for the elegant newletter 









email address*



first name



last name

 
				* = required field			





				powered by mailchimp!
			





recent posts


sunflowers are still yellow at night 2020 i-sew-lation quilt along


true blue raider of my stash


welcome to the elegant stitch quilting and design website.


gatton stars quilt


materialization


stories

custom quilting

show quilts

uncategorized

who am i









		proudly powered by wordpress	














































































































































































