




























































































  





 


welcome | manta ray bay resort | exclusive diving at its finest. | yap, micronesia









  










1-800-dive-yap (1-800-348-3927)

reserve









closex
search for: 






closex

reservations & availability
micronesia is now open to tourism! we are open!!
flights to yap are limted at this time. you can find out more information on our covid-19 information page here.
to inquire about future travel to yap, please fill out our inquiry form below so we can offer you personalized service.


 











first name: 
last name: 
your email: 

arrival: departure: 

adults: 12345678910children: 01234+

preferred room:

additional information: 
please leave this field empty.please leave this field empty.

δ



* if you would like help selecting dates and booking flights, we can do it for you!  just ask bill!

 






closex
download a brochure:

cantonese
deutch
english
flemish
francais
italiano
日本語
korean
官話
portugues
русский









discover yap 
accommodations 
experiences 


closex


galleries & blog 
contact us 
media & more 






closex
discover yap


take a journey through the wonders of yap. from stone money, to cultural dances, to yapese "highways", to traditional fishing and anciant mariners, you will be sure to experince the richness of yapese life.
learn more about yap getting to yap 


a fascinating history


yap is belived to have been settled by a seafaring people from the area today known as eastern indonesia and the southern part of the philippines sometime around 1500 b.c.
learn more about yap history 


the history of stone money


yap is probably best known among non-divers as the land of stone money. up to 12 feet in diameter these massive stone discs rate, without competition, as the largest coins in the world.
learn more about the history of stone money 


an ancient culture


the yapese have managed to maintain their ancient culture better than anywhere else in micronesia. the heritage and traditions of the yapese people are carefully nourished to preserve the micronesian way of life.
learn more about yap's culture  articles on yap life & culture 


articles on yapese life & culture


dive into articles about present-day and historical life and culture in yap.
go to articles 


diving micronesia


learn about the diving experiences across micronesia and the best way to travel these islands.
more on diving micronesia diving with yap divers manta ray ids 


bill acker & family


bill acker, founder of the manta ray bay resort and yap divers, is proud to share his love of yap and diving with guests from all over the world. a resident of yap for almost 30 years, bill is eminently qualified to make your micronesian dive experience one that you’ll never forget. bill and his family own and operate the manta ray bay resort & yap divers.
learn more about bill & the acker family 


ambassadors

ambassadors of manta ray bay resort & yap divers are proud to tell their world about their experiences and visiting yap.
learn more 






closex
accommodations


welcome to the manta ray bay resort.  we are a small, 4-star resort located on the wonderful island of yap in micronesia.  enjoy your stay in our luxurious, individually themed rooms.  delight your tastes at our floating restaurant, the mnuw restaurant and bar.  dive in to adventure with our expericed dive team. relax into bliss at our taro leaf spa. welcome to paradise.
learn more about our resort luxurious, individually-themed rooms & suites room rates & hotel / diving packages  view our rooms yap divers dive center mnuw restaurant & nautical bar bay-side infinity pool taro leaf spa the conferrence room sustainability family-friendly words from our guests resort management getting to yap 


luxurious, themed rooms & suites


relax into luxury in our luxurious, individually-themed rooms.
luxurious, individually-themed rooms & suites  view our rooms room rates & hotel / diving packages 


room rates & hotel / diving packages


our resort offers many different package and activities for everyone to enjoy the wonders of yap.  from our hotel & diving packages to island tours to kayak adventures to spa treatments, our resort offers packages individually tailored to you.
room rates & hotel / diving packages special events & regional partners 


special events & regional partners


there are many special times to visit yap and the manta ray bay resort, like yap day, mantafest, and during the manta ray mating season.  plus, we have partnered with the best resort operators and vessels in the region to offer truly unique and luxurious experiences.
special events & regional partners yap day mantafest yap + philippines  yap + palau yap + siren fleet or master liveaboard yap + ocean hunter + palau 


mnuw restaurant & nautical bar


the mnuw is the most unique restaurant and bar in micronesia if not the world. she is a 170ft (55m) phinisi schooner from indonesia with 3 dining decks, 2 bars and her kitchen all on board.
mnuw restaurant & nautical bar menu stone money brewing co. the mnuw story 


yap divers dive center


the manta ray bay resort was built for divers, by divers. our harborside dive center, yap divers, has everything you’d expect from a padi 5-star facility and ssi platinum dive center, and so much more. yap divers is a full-service facility with modern boats, rental gear, dive shop, camera bays, gear rinse and storage.
learn more about yap divers dive sites dive rates courses dive staff 


taro leaf spa


the taro leaf spa takes the best of everything that is yapese to bring you an experience that will, relax, energize, invigorate, revitalize and harmonize you.
learn more about the taro leaf spa 






closex
experiences


come experience all that yap has to offer. from exclusive, world-class diving to vibrant mangroves to  pristine beaches to a fascinating history to a rich, anciant culture, yap truly is a wonder to behold.

world-class diving 
diving with yap divers 
yap day 2025 
micronesia expo 2025 
mantafest 2025 
mantafest 2024 
special events & regional partners 



world-class diving


serving only 1,000 divers a year, we offer our guests crowd-free dive sites and vip service.  yap has a resident population of manta rays and several shallow cleaning stations where divers can see mantas year-round. and, yap is more than just mantas! we have great blue water diving, shark diving, wall diving, critter diving, black water diving and large schools of big game fish!
world-class diving diving with yap divers manta ray ids dive sites diving rates dive staff black water diving critter diving freediving manta diving shark diving macro diving military & wreck diving 


snorkeling


the warm, crystal clear water and the incredible richness and variety of the ocean life makes yap a great place for snorkeling.
learn more about snorkeling in yap 


kayak tours


among the mangroves you will go were none can go but by kayak. there are no roads, no way to bring a powered boat in and no habitation, there is but you and nature.  this is the perfect way to explore one of the few ecosystems on this planet that remains untouched by man.
learn more about kayaking in yap 


fishing charters


imagine looking over the side of the boat into ink blue water so clear that you can see fish swimming 100 feet below you. imagine being on a boat 20 yards from the edge of the reef, looking across the turquoise colored lagoon to the verdant, green tropical island in the background. you cast your lure into the surf breaking on the edge of the reef and then boom – a huge black giant trevally comes from the surf line and attacks your wooden bait. the fight is on.
learn more about fishing charters 


island tours


the manta ray bay hotel’s concierge staff  offer a complete range of land tours specifically designed to showcase the unique island culture of yap. everything from the famous stone money and stone money banks, to traditional thatched roof men’s houses, centuries old stone paths which are still used to connect the various villages, to the flora and fauna.
learn more about island tours 


secluded beaches


on yap you can spend all day on a private beach with your partner, dive buddy or group in the village with no one else around. we arrange private beach trips, group events, parties and bbqs.
learn more about our secluded beaches 


taro leaf spa


the taro leaf spa takes the best of everything that is yapese to bring you an experience that will, relax, energize, invigorate, revitalize and harmonize you.
learn more about the taro leaf spa 






closex
galleries & blog

here you will find out the latest goings on in yap, photo galleries of visiting pros and visitors alike. plus, a library of wallpapers for your desktop and mobile devices.

our most recent post:
bill’s update #22 – happy new year from yap! (february 13, 2025)


pro photo galleries soar into the manta blog 


the manta blog

find out what's happenin' in yap! here's the latest blog post:

bill’s update #22 – happy new year from yap!we have completed another year with our fair share of ups and downs, but we overcame and ended 2024 successfully.  our success in 2024 was made possible by all our guests, new and old friends, and of course our amazing staff, who are the heart and soul of our company. and, you can see what's in store for 2025!more... 
soar into the manta blog 


pro photo galleries


throughout the years we have been honored to host several top professional photographers and videographers. from paul tzimoulis to william "bill" macdonald. from marty snyderman to andy schumacher.  from david doubilet to david fleetham plus many, many more. we are very honored to be able to share some of the images captured in yap by these great friends.
pro photo galleries david fleetham stan de haas new!steven miller tim rock andy sallmon frank schneider andy schumacher marty snydermann paul tzimoulis & geri murphy mike veitch 


guest photo gallery


imagine the thousands of divers who have visited us over the years. now imagine the wonderful memories they captured via photographs both above and below water.  we want to share these with you and ask you to consider posting your memories of yap and the manta ray bay resort & yap divers.
enjoy our guest photo gallery 


mobile / desktop wallpapers

enjoy images of yap on your desktop or mobile device.
get our mobile / desktop wallpapers 






closex
contact us

we have many ways to get in contact with us.  from email, to chat to the tried-and-true phone call.  we would love to hear from you!
contact us today! 


"ask bill" for help


we know it can be a daunting task to book travel to yap with diffeent time zones, the international date line and often confusing flight schedules.  let us help you make getting to yap a warm, tropical breeze. ask bill!
ask bill about travelling to yap. 


words from our guests


here are some words from our guests.
words from our guests 



phone: +691-350-2300
us toll-free: 1-800-348-3927 (1-800-dive-yap)
email: yapdivers@mantaray.com






closex
media & more

find out the latest news and press on yap.  check flights. read our frequetly asked questions.  check the tides for your projected stay.
mrbr in the media flight schedules faqs tide tables 


in the media


yap and the manta ray bay resort in news and publications.
learn more 


flight schedules


here you will find the latest information about the latest on flights to yap. there are both international and regional carries currently servicing the island. and, for flight help you can always ask bill!
ask bill about travelling to yap. learn more about flight schedules 


faqs

read our frequestly asked questions.
packing list faqs 


tide tables


tides are a big factor in yap, especially when your are looking for manta behavior.  check your dates with the tides.
tide tables tides today 









welcome to yap



- exclusive diving at its finest -
play/pause




























why manta ray bay resort?
manta ray bay resort & yap divers is a small, family-owned, luxury hotel on the pristine island of yap in the western pacific ocean – operating since 1986.
serving only 1,000 divers a year, we offer our guests crowd-free dive sites and vip service, spa treatments, home brewed beer and a unique bar/dining experience onboard our 100+ year old indonesian schooner, the mnuw, moored in front of our resort.
more about our resort 






manta rays & much more
yap has a resident population of manta rays and several shallow cleaning stations where divers can see mantas year-round. and, yap is more than just mantas! we have great blue water diving, shark diving, wall diving, critter diving, black water diving and large schools of big game fish!
more about world-class diving in yap 










named the best overall dive resort in the pacific & indian ocean
manta ray bay resort was also named one of the best dive resorts in scuba diving’s 2024 readers choice awards for:  quality of the resort, quality of the rooms, quality of the restaurant, quality of staff and value of restaurant.






  we are open! all covid-19 restrictions are lifted.

more info 





individually-themed rooms 
mnuw restaurant & nautical weaver bar 
stone money brewing co. 
bay-side infinity pool 
yap divers dive center 
taro leaf spa 
planet blue kayak tours 
fishing charters 



accommodations, amenities & services



 enjoy our bay-side infinity pool and soothing waterfall.

 luxurious, individually-themed rooms

 welcome to the manta ray bay resort

 relax at our taro leaf spa

 our private dock; your gateway to diving, fishing, and more!

 the main dining room at the mnuw restaurant

 enjoy a show while having a sip of stone money brew!

 our bay-side infinity pool with the mnuw view

 reception & main lobby

 bay-side infinity pool

 equipment rinse & dry area - our resort is made by divers for divers.









stay / dive
7 night stay
5 days of diving
starting at $1,799 (usd)
learn more 







location
the manta ray bay resort & yap divers is located on the pristine island of yap in micronesia. yap is located at the tail-end of the mariana trench in the pacific ocean; south-west of guam, south of japan, east of the philippines, and north of indonesia.


getting here
getting to yap can be tricky. visit our getting to yap page for information on how to get here from anywhere on the globe.  or, ask bill! for flight help!
getting here >> ask bill!






bill acker & family
bill acker, founder of the manta ray bay hotel and yap divers is proud to share his love of yap and diving with guests from all over the world. a resident of yap for almost 30 years, bill is eminently qualified to make your micronesian dive experience one that you’ll never forget.
learn more about bill acker & family 






















thoroughly enjoyed the divingandrew, please pass my thanks to everyone for the stay and particularly bill for his hospitality that last day and the fishing. i would recommend taking smaller kegs of beer on board though and still think 5% level is a little low. thoroughly enjoyed the diving; i’ve already passed your details to two people...- steve hawgood, hong kongmore words from our guests 




 dive assure corona virus notice









yap day 2025
55th annual yap day
yap, micronesia, february 26th – march 1, 2025
celebrate yap’s rich cultural heritage with traditional dances, crafts, competitions, and demonstrations in ceremonial attire. engage with the local community, learn about yapese traditions, and capture unforgettable moments of this vibrant festival. pair this unique experience with world-class diving during manta ray mating season for an adventure like no other.
more about yap day 2025 



micronesia expo 2025
4th annual micronesia expo
yap, micronesia,  july 21-25, 2025
experience the vibrant culture and heritage of micronesia with traditional dances, cultural demonstrations, island tours, and a trip to the forbidden island of rumung. discover the rich traditions of chuuk, kosrae, pohnpei, and yap during this unforgettable week-long celebration.
more about micronesia expo 2025 



mantafest 2025
18th annual mantafest photography school & contest
yap, micronesia,  august 23 – september 7, 2025
since 2006, our mantafest program has brought underwater photographers, both amateur and professional, to this small island and its protected reef to compete for prizes, attend workshops, take tours of the island, and experience the unique culture of yap, which is considered to be among the best preserved in the pacific region.  join us!
more about mantafest 2025 
















moonstruck & over-whaled
by daniel brinckmann
when it rains in the tropic, it pours. thunderstorm clouds and extreme low tide turned our visit to the cleaning station in goofnuw channel off yap in micronesia into a night dive. “only” two mantas at bad condition were not exactly uplifting, so when yap divers’ second boat arrived and its captain casually mentioned they just spotted a couple of orcas, we took it with a grain of salt…

read more 





 

home
“ask bill” for help
flight schedules
getting to yap
the manta ray bay resort
mnuw restaurant & nautical bar
world-class diving
discover yap
the manta blog
 © 2025 manta ray bay resort & yap divers. all rights reserved. privacy policy. design & hosting by macdonald design llc.





reserve
1-800-dive-yap (1-800-348-3927)


































































 


