




uk escience certification authority — ukca




















            uk escience ca
              









get a certificate

ca portal (direct link)
certwizard
pecr
registration authorities (ra)

help

helpdesk
certificate management
subject alternative names (sans)

policies & certificates

ca certificates
policies
gdpr statement






uk escience ca






uk escience certification authority

 view page source







uk escience certification authority







note
with changing working patterns, including hybrid working, virtual identity checking by ra operators is still possible. this procedure includes:

checking photo id (preferably organisational id) over a video link, supplemented by
the requester logging into a service in the uk access management federation with their organisational identity and displaying this process and its (successful) results to the operator, and
that the requester has submitted the request with their home organisation email address.


welcome to the uk escience certification authority. please read the information below to obtain a certificate.

who can have a certificate?
any academic, researcher, student or member of the e-science community based in the uk.


why you need a certificate
a certificate from the uk escience ca can be used to authenticate you so that you can securely access grid, data and compute resources worldwide. our certificates are internationally trusted by the interoperable global trust federation (igtf).


who can apply for a certificate?
you can apply for a certificate if you have not previously owned a certificate, or if your certificate has expired or has been revoked. if your certificate is going to expire and you would like to renew it before this time, you should apply in the last month before its expiry date.


how long is my certificate valid for?
all certificates currently being issued will expire after one year.


the basic process

you request a certificate from this site.
meet with your nearest/university registration authority (ra) representative and show your photo id.
the ra checks the pin that you entered when requesting your certificate.
then the ra checks that you are part of a recognised organisation.
if all criteria are validated then the ra will approve the request.
the ca operator will review the approval and sign it.
you will be informed that your certificate is ready via email which will contain the serial number and instructions to get your certificate.



application methods
if you just want a personal certificate, or a couple of host certificates, or aren’t sure, use the
ca portal
if you need to keep track of multiple certificates, then try
certwizard
if you deal with many (bulk) certificates, then choose
pecr





next 



© copyright 2023, stfc.


  built with sphinx using a
    theme
    provided by read the docs.
   








