
















offering helper - offering management software for your church








offering helper
offering management made simple!





home
features
download
purchase
support
contact






					offering helper is a program to manage offerings and donations made to your church or 
					organization. data entry is fast and easy, and the program comes with various reports providing clear 
					and powerful insights into the giving 
					patterns of your congregation.  when year-end comes around, you'll be amazed at how quickly 
					and easily you can print off receipts and statements that are fully tax compliant, whether your church
					is based in the usa or canada.
			  	

			  		there are two versions available for your consideration - offering helper lite, and offering helper plus - giving you 
				  the flexibility to choose the features and pricing that's right for you.
			  	




offering helper lite
for those who just 
				want something simple, offering helper lite is made for you.  you can keep track of donor names and addresses, 
				enter contributions made throughout the year, and print receipts at tax time - and all for a very affordable price. the lite 
				version also contains a basic set of reports for the benefit of your treasurer and pastoral staff.



offering helper plus

				offering helper plus contains all the features of the lite version, plus a whole lot more, while still being 
				extremely easy to use.  in addition to donor names and addresses, you can also enter family information, extended contact
				information, general notes, and even user defined fields.

				when it comes time to enter donations, you'll appreciate the same speed and efficiency, along with greater flexibility
				and more options, such as user defined donation types, pledges, and automatic giving, just to name a few. 

				the plus version also contains a significantly wider range of reports to choose from.  you can print out deposit slips, and
				labels and envelopes as well, to make sending out statements that much easier.
				
				the plus version also supports the cloud data storage feature, which 
				allows you to have multiple computers
				running offering helper that keep their data perfectly synchronized, no matter which computer you enter your data at.
				no more shuttling data files back and forth on a usb flash drive!
check out this feature comparison chart to find out which version is 
				right for you.

					compatible with windows xp through windows 10
				





				free demo
			

			download a free 45 day trial version of offering helper and find out exactly what the program does 
			before you buy.
			


download




testimonials


"i have used other church software 
				but this is by far a better program!"
luis colon, pa
"i have been using offering 
				helper since the first of the year. it does an excellent job in tabulating donor's contribution data. it's easy to 
				input and correct the data. the various printouts are outstanding. verification that the data was correct is simple 
				to accomplish. the help files had all the information i needed. i am very satisfied with the program's performance. "
richard swanson, ca
offering helper has been a real help to me as secretary-treasurer 
				of a relatively small church, with few people to help and more than enough work to go around. the ability to issue 
				(and sometimes re-issue) receipts is a tremendous help."
dave leighton, bc


more testimonies ...


 

 


home
features
download
purchase
support
contact





