






sacred connections – scotland's hidden past, celtic history, spirituality, holistic health
























home
about us
contact us
books

guardians of the way
vision of albion
holy land of scotland


celtic history

celtic church and middle east
johannine celtic church
iona: sacred isle
the mother church
celto-himalayan connection
scotland and ancient egypt
romano-christian connection
christ mission in britain
spiritual role of britain


historical enigmas

did jesus visit scotland?
pontius pilate a scot?
jesus and mary magdalene on iona?
stained glass window mystery
the face of christ
female apostles?
schiehallion
fortingall yew tree
rosslyn chapel
avesas: adepts of longevity
hollow earth enigma


spirituality

the wave of the future
aramaic prayer of jesus
recommended reading


new economics

who was ch douglas?
ch douglas talk
security – institutional and personal
social credit
social credit explained
what is social credit?
social credit and the christian ethic
the nation’s credit
controlling social credit
scotland’s money
finance and environment
debt psychosis emancipation


donate
site map
links
 












links
 





select page


  
 



 



 









sacred connections scotland








vision of albion: the key to the holy grail” by barry dunfordout of print



guardians of the way:the continuity of the divine science oflight and sound teachings through the agesby theresa dunford (2020)






the wave of the future the spiritual truth of the light and sound teachings and the true gospel of jesus the christ barry dunford 
in the ancient mystery schools there was always an inner and outer teaching, i. e. the esoteric and exoteric teaching. the innermost esoteric teaching was known as the light and sound – the inner sound or word (logos) of god. this esoteric corpus is clearly identifiable as the core of the mystery teachings in the gospel attributed to st. john the apostle. this gospel commences “in the beginning was the word” (sound), and the writer then goes on to mention the light, which is clearly secondary, as an outworking or effect of the primary divine cause which in greek is called the logos or divine word, a universal sound current which is at the heart of all creation and sustains all life.  read more





iona abbey
were jesus and mary magdalen on the scottish isle of iona?



glastonbury abbey
the spiritual role of the sacred isles of britain in world history.



 











designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 










