










pennsylvania extension association of family and consumer sciences — associations

skip to main content













associations

















you are here:


home


pennsylvania extension association of family and consumer sciences





pennsylvania extension association of family and consumer sciences














peafcs membership is extended to any penn state extension employee working in any capacity with family and consumer science programming, and who has a degree in home economics or related field.
peafcs members are affiliates of the national extension association of family and consumer sciences (neafcs), an organization that educates professionals to empower individuals and families to make informed decisions.
benefits of membership

access to a growing, nationwide network of nearly 1,800 extension professionals actively involved in family & consumer sciences programming in their communities.
opportunities to develop and enhance your leadership and management skills by serving in a leadership capacity on the state or national level.
forums for presenting research and program information and discussing common extension concerns at the annual session (i.e. webinars, concurrent sessions and poster sessions).
opportunities to publish research in a peer-reviewed publication – the online journal of neafcs.
recognition for outstanding achievements through an extensive awards and recognition program.
access to professional development opportunities on the state, regional and national levels. this includes free webinars for all members sponsored by neafcs, valued at $50 each or more.
discount on annual session registration packages for members.
ability to earn continuing education credits through participation in the annual session and webinars.
up-to-date information on the latest products, methods, materials and technological advances to enhance the effectiveness of your programs.
opportunities to obtain free programming information and network with vendors at annual session.










2023 neafcs annual session
 peafcs members at the 2023 annual session for national extension association of family and consumer sciences






















 more content from pennsylvania extension association of family and consumer sciences

            



pennsylvania extension association of family and consumer sciences





                                            pennsylvania extension association of family and consumer sciences overview
                                        




                    about us
                

about us






                            about us overview
                        




                    archives located in the paterno library
                




                    history
                

history






                            history overview
                        




                    earliest history of peafcs
                




                    peafcs members participate in the polish/american extension study seminar
                




                    the whirlwind wirth
                




                    national conferences
                




                    members of special note
                




                    nutrition links
                




                    peafcs presidents
                




                    helen bell scholarship awardees
                




                    continued excellence awards
                




                    distinguished service awards
                






                    program impacts
                






                    peafcs officers
                

peafcs officers






                            peafcs officers overview
                        




                    president
                




                    president elect
                




                    past president
                




                    vp awards & recognition
                




                    vp member resources
                




                    vp professional development
                




                    vp public affairs
                




                    secretary
                




                    treasurer
                




                    bookkeeper (appointed)
                




                    historian
                




                    web monitor
                




                    state staff advisor
                




                    officer duties
                






                    peafcs impact statements
                

peafcs impact statements






                            peafcs impact statements overview
                        




                    neafcs impact reports 2016
                






                    photo album
                




                    bylaws
                




                    penn state extension: response to covid-19
                

penn state extension: response to covid-19






                            penn state extension: response to covid-19 overview
                        




                    penn state extension resources
                




                    stories
                




                    videos
                




                    webinars
                




                    publications
                




                    news items
                




                    collaborations/outreach
                




                    photo album
                






                    contact us
                











neafcs
members only










back to top





associations







                            university park, pa 16802
                        

directory








facebook








linkedin







x (twitter)








youtube







instagram




















privacy and legal statements
—
accessibility
—
©
                    2025 the pennsylvania state university








                ×
            


















                                                explore
                                            





                                                        degrees & programs
                                                    



                                                        admissions
                                                    



                                                        research
                                                    



                                                        extension
                                                    



                                                        about
                                                    



                                                        college directory
                                                    



                                                        contact us
                                                    











                                                information for
                                            





                                                        students
                                                    



                                                        industry
                                                    



                                                        alumni
                                                    



                                                        faculty & staff
                                                    



                                                        visitors & public
                                                    









                                request info
                            

                                schedule a visit
                            

                                apply
                            


                             
                        











