












microelectronics research center |























jump to navigation



















 



           








search form

search 


















website undergoing updateswe are in the process of redesigning our website. some pages may be incomplete or outdated. please bear with us during this transition.










the mission of the microelectronics research center (mrc) at the university of texas at austin is to perform education, research and development in materials and electronic devices. mrc is funded by the national science foundation (nsf) through the national nanotechnology coordinated infrastructure (nnci).


























recent news



 new grant enables creation of polymer-based data storage system 
 texas ece professor ananth dodabalapur and praveen pasupathy, a research associate in texas ece, along with chemistry professor eric anslyn have received a $1 million grant from the w.m. keck foundation to create a new data storage and retrieval paradigm centered around synthetic polymers.
 
  
 read more  

 new sensor may soon test for coronavirus and flu simultaneously 
 the novel coronavirus has been compared with the flu alm 
  
 read more  

 the mrc facility has been reopened for all internal and external users with a cohort module of 40% at any time 
 there will be two shifts, a and b. the cohort module will be starting from july 27th, 2020. the external users will be allowed once they are clear from the dean's office. 
  
 read more  

 new imaging discovery could take tech behind self-driving cars to the next level 
 light detection and ranging (lidar) is an important technology for collecting data about the world around us and serves as  
  
 read more  

 new 5g switches mean battery life improvements, higher bandwidth and speeds 
 the 5g revolution has begun, and the first lines of phones that can access the next generation of wireless speeds have already hit the shelves. 
  
 read more  











visiting mrc









microelectronics research center
10100 burnet rd,  austin, tx 78758j. j. pickle research campusthe university of texas at austin











news and events
research
people
nnci@utexas
programs
facilities
contact















© 2013 microelectronics research center | department of electrical and computer engineering | the university of texas at austin 




