 





home




























































user login









search



  




















                                        home                                                            





                                        what we cover                                                            





                                        about us                                                            





                                        orders                                                            





                                        free downloads                                                            





                                        testimonials                                                            





                                        contact us                                                            
















          
















direct mail flyer:winter 2024 2025


 
ph winter arsenal 2024 2025





latest blue chip results by meet


latest blue chip results  summary
latest blue chip results detail by meet





ph breeders' cup bash








summary of products available


products available































getting back to normal!


hey ph nation and visitors new to this site:
welcome to the world of progressive handicapping.  our goal is to provide you with valuable information unavailable to the general public and let you use that info to select winners at your favorite racing venue.  
if you are new to the site, perhaps the best place to start is our direct mail flyer, as that publication includes samples of our summer product line.  once you decide that you want to make a purchase, then it's time to set up your ph account.  follow the instructions on the right side of the web page.  any questions?  call us at 800-272-8039.  the game is on. 
all the best,
jim mazur












crush the cup!






 jim mazur crushes the cup
using the historical profiles in the crushing zone plus, co-author jim mazur nailed the bc pick 6 for $205k plus consolations.  you can read all about it by downloading the epilogs for each day in the free downloads section.  the key was singling rebel's romance, believing in all the sophomores in the classic, sticking to the repeater angle in the mile and following historical winner's profiles in the fm turf, sprint and dirt mile.  
winter menu set:  gulfstream and oaklawn
each meet will feature a handicapper stats book, trainer detail  and blue chip trainer angles.  note that the gp material covers only the "true" championship period which kicks in right before christmas and ends on florida derby weekend.  the books will be available the week before thanksgiving but the material won't really be applicable to the first few weeks of their defined winter meet.
oaklawn park kicks off on december 6.  i expect those books to be down right before thanksgiving.  stay tuned for email blasters announcing availability. 
 
 
 
how to set up your ph account




1.  click on user login.
2. click on create an account.
3.  fill in your user name, password and other requested information.  keep your user name and password simple!
4.  after your account is set up.  log in and go to orders icon and select your track or event and make your purchase.  you will be prompted to supply your name and address again as a security step and then you can pay via your credit card.
5. if you purchased a printed book, we will then ship it to you.  if you purchased an online product like daily sheets, selections or a derby zone, then click on access downloads.

bc bash 2016 pick 6 cartel cashes out for $292k + consolations.
the 14-player cartel went 4 and 5 deep in five legs and used california chrome and arrogate in the classic.  we were one of just 10 winning ticket holders in the world.  key longshot winners included finest city in the fm sprint and tourist in the mile.  watch the victory celebration at this link:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1ekp7rue_q
 


















homewhat we coverabout usordersfree downloadstestimonialscontact us 






progressive handicapping, inc. 
					©
					 2025

privacy policy











scroll to top








user login





username



password



remember me





forgot your password?
forgot your username?
create an account




 







