





red rose imports – europe's finest cycling products




















































red rose importseurope's finest cycling productsmenu
home
tommasini
nalini custom
daccordi

frames & bicycles


miche
brixia

alata
cidneo


products

carrera
olmo


contact
shop

my account
cart
checkout


wheels
components

final close-outs carrera frames and bicycles

final close-out olmo frames now 50% off








since 1994 red rose imports has imported and distributed the finest italian bicycle products.  in the beginning we worked with famous italian racing bicycle manufacturers carrera and moser and in 1996 we added the prestigious and historic olmo bicycles.  our business grew to include parts, wheels, accessories and clothing from such high quality italian cycling brands miche, pmp and nalini.
today, over twenty years later we still bring the top quality italian bicycle products to discerning customers in north america.  we have partnered with the finest pro road bike shops who appreciate quality, performance and italian style.  we invite you to support our dealers and your local bike shop where you can be serviced correctly.



product offerings

 

as seen in roadbike action magazine!
 
the cidneo model is the lightweight climbing road bike from brixia.  the proprietary tube shapes give cidneo a responsive and reactive ride and with an emphasis on comfort.  smooth effortless pedaling, stiff enough for fast accelerations and the lightness to fly up the most challenging climbs.  this cidneo is built with our stock parts kit; sram force axs etap 2 x 12 group, kru carbon wheels, kru carbon aero handlebar and stem, brixia carbon seatpost, fizik saddle and continental gp 5000 tires.  sram electronic group is of course wireless and works flawlessly.  the kru c 38 wheels are super light and spin fast.  the components are a perfect match for the frame.  best of all is the price.  special introductory offer the complete bike sells for $5995.  we have a few cidneo in stock ready to build.  contact us to reserve yours.
 

since 1937 daccordi has been producing high quality racing frames from their small shop in tuscany.  each frame carefully built one at a time by true artisans.  daccordi's state of the art facility is now carefully tuned to build modern frames in carbon and titanium as well as modern steel, classic steel and gravel frames.  all the daccordi frames are finished and painted in house with total quality control.  the true test of a daccordi bicycle is the ride; and it is sublime.  the bike is in perfect harmony with the cyclist with easy handling and stability matched with the correct stiffness and reactivity.  the cyclist is one with the bike

beginning in 2022 red rose imports is proud to represent daccordi cycles in north america.  we stock models from each of the categories; classic steel like new griffe, modern steel like profidea and borea, gravel frames like profidea gravel, alterego and romea and carbon road like fly and idioma

check out website for the model and colors right for you.  special orders are no problem for us and we will happily provide you with your ultimate dream bike.  contact us through this website via email greg@redroseimports.com or by phone 717 560 2832
  



 

red rose imports is the exclusive north america distributor for custom cycling apparel from moa sport (nalini).  we offer complete team kits to clubs and teams and the product range includes every article worn by cycling competitors.  we also supply custom bike jerseys for events, bike shops and private label.  all products are made in nalini's factory in italy.  all manufacturing process and all materials meet the stringent ecotex certification.


 

our work with the tommasini family began in 2009 and we are proud to offer their custom handmade bicycles to the north american market.  tommasini is the only bicycle factory to work with all frame materials; carbon, steel, titanium, aluminum and stainless steel.  custom geometry and custom paint are offered at no upcharge.  check out the new titanium mach ti model, the custom carbon racing frame vlc3 and the iconic traditional tecno lugged steel frame.  classic but modern tommasini offers a bike for every style.


 

copyright © 2025 · red rose imports, inc · 717-560-2832  













