





mystic valley regional charter school































 





 




google translate

















mystic valley regional charter school
mystic valley regional charter school

ibo





»home+about us»mission statement»about us»news & announcements»upcoming events»board of trustees»administration»k-8 school»faculty and staff»high school»careers»photo albums»video gallery»faqs»notices & forms+academics»academics overview»library»k-8 school curriculum»high school curriculum»test scores»admissions+students+college counseling →»college counseling overview»our program»financial aid»scoir»alumni»for college representatives»test dates»clubs and activities»student links»student parent handbook»athletics+parents»parent teacher organization»special education parent advisory council»notices and forms»volunteer»champions after school program+contact»directions»contact












skip to content
skip to menu














 to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video








office 365login

powerschool
family id ls
family id hs


school calendar
transportationinformation

food services
high schoolcurriculum
lower schoolcurriculum
internationalbaccalaureate





news button

home of themystic valley eagles
the mission of the mystic valley regional charter school is to provide the opportunity of a world class education characterized by a well-mannered, disciplined and structured academic climate. central to mystic valley's academic environment is the incorporation of selected core virtues and the fundamental ideals of our american culture, which are embodied in the declaration of independence and the united states constitution.








news & announcements



 news and announcements 





mystic valley boys basketball

mystic valley boys basketball made history thursday night






icymi: mv boys basketball coach tony fer...

coach ferullo was very humble about the major milestone:“i preach team above everything else so this milestone is really nice, but i like to give credit to all my former players and assi...






mvrcs student attendance ranks in top 5 ...

mystic valley has achieved one of the highest attendance rates in the state for the 2023-2024 school year. we are proud to rank in the top five districts with an outstanding attendance rate ...






dave's hot chicken fundraiser raffle

please see the below.






lower school welcome back letter and inf...







mystic valley theatre students perform o...

even when the school year is out, the eagles continue to shine on stage.






request for response for membrane roof s...

mystic valley regional charter school is seeking responses for a membrane roof replacement system at 306 highland ave., malden, ma






mvrcs summer recreation program

mystic valley regional charter school (mvrcs) is offering a summer recreational program for mvrcs students entering grades 1-5 as of august 2024.






civics bee winner

congratulations to mystic valley’s civics bee winner. way to go olivia wu!






important dates

3/29- early release day3/29- report cards mailed home4/9- upper school parent/teacher conferences, 4-8pm4/10- early release day




 show all 









show all








            mystic valley provides equitable
            opportunities for all students to
            acquire a world-class education






upcoming events


calendar









 

show calendar



 

show all








stay connected!


facebook


twitter


instagram







tweets by mysticvalleyrcs





mystic valley regional charter school







students of the week











featured albums




swim 2024



girls basketball 2024


















address
                    4 laurel street
                    malden, ma 02148


phone/fax
                    781-388-0222
                    781-338-2199
						nurse's fax: (781) 338-2122
                
instagram
facebook
twitter
mystic valley regional charter school
mystic valley regional charter school

ibo
digital privacy statement
powered by educational networks 





















