

























idm - digital marketing qualifications, courses & membership




 






















            log in or register





email


password











                forgot password?            





		login	
 
				search			

 








the idmqualifications and trainingcorporate trainingmembershipevents and resourcesdma talentdata & marketing associationsearchview cart 0
 





about us 




marketing qualificationsmarketing masterclassesonline courses 




our offeringcase studiescontact 




join nowmembership benefitsmembership faqscpd award programmecpd faqs 




our eventsour research 




qualifications for university students 











 
 



learning accredited by our institute of data & marketing (the idm)
the idm is the accrediting institute of the data & marketing association (dma). we have 30 years' experience in delivering world-class excellence in data-driven marketing learning and training.
all dma courses and qualifications are accredited by the institute of data and marketing (idm) and underpinned by the dma code so you can be assured the learning you receive is in line with responsible, customer-first best practice.
whether you are starting out your career, or leading a team of marketers, the dma has learning content to support your professional development. we are on a mission to support marketers in continuous professional development and provide high-quality learning at affordable rates.
 
 




 masterclasses by leading industry practitioners 


			more details		

our range of marketing courses, known as masterclasses, is constantly updated by experts. additionally, our qualifications are regularly reviewed to provide you with the latest insights


			more details		








corporate training - bespoke packages for your team 


			more details		

we offer bespoke learnings pathways that will help you grow your expertise, upskill your team, and retain your key talent.


			more details		



 


in 2015 the idm and dma merged to forge the largest uk & eu trade association with the complete training, lobbying, & networking offering for members. 
		chris combemale, ceo, dma uk & chair	
 






dma professional membership
access the dma learning hub: our online learning platform with over 250 bite-sized modules courses, and 12 accredited idm qualifications valued at over £6k. this guided learning platform is available 24/7 to your marketing team. starting at £295 excl. vat per user/year.




					become a member today				



						cpd scheme					



 










                accessibility            
 
the idm

qualifications & trainingcorporate trainingbecome a memberevents & resourcesdma talent
 


useful content

blogs
 


corporate training

corporate trainingcustomised training
 

 
customer service

contact us
 


terms & privacy

terms and conditionsprivacy & cookies

consent preferences





© 2001 - 2019. all rights reserved idm is a registered trademark
 
 








            contact us        



            accessibility        









x



		close	




				qualifications & training				






		marketing qualifications	



		marketing courses	





				corporate training				






		why work with the idm	



		custom marketing training	



		clients and case studies	





		become a member	



		dma talent	



		events	



				events & resources				






		blogs	





		about the idm	



		contact us	



		log in / register	



		my cart	



		report a bug	





















consent preferences

