





los angeles event photographer | corporate & personal client















































































homephoto galleries 

corporate & small biz events  |  conferences, publicity/social media, product/service launch, parties, pr, branding personal celebrations  |  birthday parties adults & kids, bridal & baby showers, baptism & bar mitzvahs corporate & small biz  |  portraits, headshots personal clientele |  portraits, headshots corporate & small biz |  working fine art – silhouette spirits pets & people
articles 

nutty nunzi tall tail talesthe nutty adventures and thoughts of an odd and overly friendly dog named nunzi and the human who hears him my screenplays & tv scripts photography & artarticles and reviews about excellent photography videosarticles and reviews about excellent videos dog & cat videos business & life hackstricks, shortcuts, skills, methods that increase productivity, efficiency, wellness podcastsarticles and reviews about excellent podcasts. appsarticles and reviews about excellent apps humorhumor | comics, animation, graphics websitesarticles and reviews about excellent websites movies recipesarticles and reviews about excellent recipes
about 

about & contact reviews & clients pet therapy










menu
close





home
photo galleries

corporate & small biz events  |  conferences, publicity/social media, product/service launch, parties, pr, branding
personal celebrations  |  birthday parties adults & kids, bridal & baby showers, baptism & bar mitzvahs
corporate & small biz  |  portraits, headshots
personal clientele |  portraits, headshots
corporate & small biz |  working
fine art – silhouette spirits
pets & people


articles

nutty nunzi tall tail tales
my screenplays & tv scripts
photography & art
videos
dog & cat videos
business & life hacks
podcasts
apps
humor
websites
movies
recipes


about

about & contact
reviews & clients
pet therapy

















los angeles event photographer: corporate | small biz | personal














 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 






corporate & small biz – events & portraits
conferences, publicity/social media, product/service launch, pr, parties, branding & pop-up events, trade shows







 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 






personal clientele celebrations & portraits
birthday parties adults & kids | bridal & baby showers | anniversaries & reunions | baptism & bar mitzvah | school events



i’ll do anything to get great shots for my clients
when clients say jump – i say how high?



when clients ask—you afraid to get your hands dirty? 
i say–just watch me!


job type: non-profit – social media, pr | client: north east trees & us bank









 the arts | stunning animal creations from living human models
you may think you're seeing a frog--but in fact you're seeing five human beings, painted and intertwined to create an incredible art illusion by italian artist johannes stoetter.
video | comedic film-maker creates hilarious vine illusions
zack king can make traffic disappear, jump through the closed doors of a moving train and steal the eiffel tower–and he does so with imaginative fun in his very short films known as vines.
video | aliens among us–beautiful deep sea creatures
mysterious and stunning alien life is indeed with us on earth today, and they’re hanging out in the darkest depths of our oceans.

 funny dog & cat video | unlikely hodgepodge of cross-species fun friendships
this  funny and heartwarming viral video, be together–not the same, features a hodgepodge of animals of different species, romping around together and having furry fun.
business hacks | learning to love networking
why? because professional networks lead to more job and business opportunities, broader and deeper knowledge, improved capacity to innovate, faster advancement, and greater status and authority.
podcasts | the david steinberg podcast
the legendary comedian and director, david steinberg, sits down with comedians, entertainers, and creators to discuss life, art, and comedy.

 photography | my venice neighborhood project
i’ve added video to the mix, and posted new photos as well.
business hacks | win-win biz, helping the environment and humans in need
flowers at weddings are beautiful—but their beauty doesn’t have to end there. people donate to repeat roses, who picks up the flowers, repurposes them, and drops them off at hospices, hospitals and nursing homes, where they conjure needed smiles on patients’ faces.
websites | being professionally personable on facebook
when people talk about using social media to advance their careers, they’re usually talking about linkedin, twitter, or maybe their blog. but the reality is that more people use facebook than any other social network, which means you need a facebook strategy for your career.
life hacks | the little-known everyday habit of highly successful people
working late into the night can make you more productive--and more successful--than you ever imagined.

 video | a hero saves a stranger's life in ny subway
when someone had a seizure on a ny subway platform and fell on the tracks, a brave man sprang into action and saved him.
video | young teen heroes save bus driver and passengers
when a school bus driver had a heart attack and the vehicle careened out of control, a couple of middle school students heroically saved the day.
video | man helps poor community with fresh food
richard joyner has led his rural community of conetoe, n.c., to better health by helping students grow and distribute 50,000 pounds of fresh food a year.
video | mystery hero saves man from home fire
when an elderly man is trapped in a burning inferno, a stranger happens along, bravely rescues the man and then disappears.

 photography | images around my venice neighborhood
my new year’s resolution was to create more images of a non-commercial, personal nature. shooting whatever i see while walking my dog nunzi around our venice neighborhood. seems i’m actually doing it and enjoying it and here are some from the first batch.
apps | the 12 best travel apps
a travel pro takes you to the best apps which will make your journeys easier or more enjoyable.
business hacks | being happier at work
emma seppälä, author of the happiness track, explains the proven benefits of a positive outlook; simple ways to increase your sense of well-being; and why it’s not about being ecstatic or excited all the time. audio ideacast available too.
essay | the frail bliss tornado vs gloom and doom
a true tale and appreciation of my mighty special olympics’ hero

 business hacks | what is disruptive innovation now?
the theory of disruptive innovation has proved to be a powerful way of thinking about innovation-driven growth. here’s an excellent article and video about how it’s evolving.
dog video | great dane helps child learn to walk again
when bella met george, something wonderful happened. not long ago, the 11-year-old with a rare disorder was clinging to crutches. but now she's walking with the help of a great dane who has become her best friend and constant companion.
apps | yahoo video guide combines all your streaming apps into one
the streaming app to rule them all. with yahoo video guide you can quickly find and stream all your favorite tv shows and movies in one beautiful app.

 business hacks | the new science of customer emotions
when companies connect with customers’ emotions, the payoff can be huge.
video | heartwarming story of sick cheetah cub and his puppy savior
just when the cheetah cub was having a hard time surviving, some kind-hearted humans and a brave shelter puppy came to his rescue.
life hacks | you’re already more persuasive than you think
it’s amazing the opportunities we miss because we doubt our own powers of persuasion.


 
business hacks | marketing - why some videos go viral
in “puppyhood,” a video for purina puppy chow produced with buzzfeed, a guy spontaneously adopts a puppy, they bond in typical roommate fashion...and a marketer’s dream comes true.

life hacks | mindfulness as a productivity tool?
a wisdom tradition associated with personal growth and insight is now being absorbed by our culture as a tool for career development and efficiency.

podcasts | story worthy – true stories from interesting talents
story worthy is a free weekly storytelling podcast featuring hollywood’s most creative talents and normalish people spinning intriguing true tales.

 
comedians in cars getting coffee
with stephen colbert, jim carrey, julia louis-dreyfus, trevor noah, steve harvey, bill maher–this latest season 6 is my fave. and kudos to the improved cinematography

lessons from the 20 most popular ted talks
the 20 most popular ted talks ever are likely to make you question just about everything. and they will toss in a few answers.

proof that life experiences, not things, make you happier
if you’re wondering whether to use that extra money you came upon to buy that new expensive bag or go on vacation, a new study suggests your best bet may be the latter

good samaritan dog surprises new friend
this good samaritan dog surprises his new friend with secret good deeds that improves his life and romance.

 life hacks | how to impress anyone in 30 seconds or less
few things in life will help you more than knowing how to make an immediate great impression. make note of these impressive habits.life hacks | 12 things successful people never reveal at work
you can’t build a strong professional network if you don’t open up to your colleagues; but doing so is tricky, because revealing the wrong things can have a devastating effect on your career.
video | jungle animals funny reactions seeing their first mirror
french photographer xavier hubert brierre traveled to gabon, africa, and set up a mirror in several locations of the jungle to capture animals walking by. in this video, they caught their interesting reactions on camera.
life hacks | natural, herbal and homeopathic sleep remedies
insomnia can negatively affect your daily activities. here are various home remedies for insomnia including natural remedies, herbal treatments and homeopathic medications.

 architecture | “building of the year” awards – showcasing inspiring innovation
from a pool of over 3,000 buildings designed and created in the past year, the folks at arch daily reveal the stunning winners.
photography | babies thrive with their furry friends
when i was studying for my pet therapy certification test, i remember reading studies about the many health benefits humans, especially kids, garner from interacting with animals. well here is the visual evidence showing how babies thrive with pets.
essay | my mother, my best friend
here’s a touching tribute to mom that resonated with me and i hope you’ll enjoy it too.
apps | a guide to the best weather apps
weather apps are among the most used programs and here is a good guide that shines a light on the best.

 
the arts | the most creative & witty sculptures from around the globe
from kinetic sculpture to light sculpture to classic marble statues, these works of art are some of the most creative and witty pieces i’ve ever seen. a nice sampling from all over the world.

video | babysitting dogs display their effective & funny skills
ideal babysitters for the job are always happy, caring, and willing to go the extra mile. check out this video to see four-legged babysitters who show they are very qualified for the position!

 apps | ted’s best apps to make your everyday life easier
you’ve likely heard about those smarties at ted (technology, entertainment, design).  i’ve enjoyed their fine podcasts for years and now their staff has come up with the 25 best apps to help make your everyday life easier.
 video | extreme dog teams up with parkour athlete
i’ve been a big fan of jumpy and think he does the most impressive extreme dog stunts out there. in this video, jumpy has found his human athletic soul mate, and they do a romping duet that's nicely captured by an excellent slow motion cinematographer.
 humor | comedians in cars getting coffee – season 4
with a wide range of comedians, this comedians in cars getting coffee season is one of my favorites. slugging down the java with seinfeld is john stewart, aziz ansari, sarah jessica parker, robert klein and george wallace.

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 






















				copyright  2025			









close panel


























