




poison ivy removal - nationally certified organic experts
















































































skip to content 








 









home
removal services
poison ivy facts
about us
shop
 

 menu


home
removal services
poison ivy facts
about us
shop
 




"we're just 'itching' to get rid of your poison ivy" 











we are the nation's poison ivy guys 



1.888.p.i.r.e.l.i.e.f. 















 







america's first and onlycertified poison ivy removal specialist 



ask about our organic eradication method! 







 












 poison ivy is known for its leaves of three™









we remove all forms of invasive and poisonous weeds that are hard to control or to eradicate, including poison ivy, poison oak, and poison sumac.we safely remove all known forms of hazardous or poisonous plants from any property. we do not resort to using harmful chemical sprays or toxic herbicides.when you see leaves of three™, don’t just let it be. call poison ivy removal! we’ll take care of it for you. 







nation wide toll-free: 



1-888 p. i. r e l i e f 



emergency 24-hour service available! 







created with fabric.js 1.7.22   
call us now















our removal services include: 






 
no hidden dangers lurking



 
no damage to existing landscape plantings



 
no health risks to family, loved ones, or pets



 
no extra or hidden cleanup costs



 
no hidden expense of having to replace dead or dying trees and shrubs, months or even years later



 
no hidden cost resulting from having to replace dead landscape that either died prematurely or permanently became disfigured as a result of being sprayed by toxic herbicides



 
no  emotional upset



 
no waiting days or weeks for toxic sprays to kick in







 








free poison ivy removal estimate: 



 











poison ivy identification 





 








learn more











poison ivy removal 





 








learn more















our methods are entirely 100% safe, immediate, and effective 




all work is

guaranteed!














we get rid of your... 



poison ivypoison oakpoison sumachog weedwild parsnipwild tea rosestinging nettlebamboo (highly invasive)kudzu (highly invasive)japanese knotweed (highly invasive)phragmiteshoneysucklebittersweet vineenglish ivymile-a-minute weedlithium 











request a quote today!1-888 p. i. r e l i e f 



"we're just 'itching' to get rid of your poison ivy" 







created with fabric.js 1.7.22        
call us now















we do not use toxic chemicals. in fact, we do not use any chemicals!! (unlike chemical spray companies who always resort to using dangerous toxic herbicide sprays in an attempt to kill the targeted plant) poisonivyremoval.com uses no chemicals. instead, we employ a special non-chemical technique that always provides immediate, safe, and guaranteed results.humbly speaking, we are the industry leader in practicing safe and organic methods, and we always produce chemical-free results. we provide you with the safest known means available of removing your poison ivy, which is far better and safer than what toxic herbicide spray companies rely upon. i bet you did not know this: by law, all toxic herbicide spray companies must conspicuously post yellow warning signs at both the entrance to your driveway, and in and around inside your property. this is being done to advise you that the toxic harmful chemicals (herbicides) that recently have been applied to your property are not safe because they are poisons.numerous studies recently reveal how unreliable, dangerous, and life-threatening toxic herbicides are. the studies point out that each of these toxic herbicides acts as a dangerous health risk to mankind and our environment. much of the toxic herbicides used by chemical spray companies today cause human dna genetic mutations to occur at the human cellular level! think about how dangerous and harmful these known risks are to both your health and your loved one’s health. why risk placing yourself, anyone in your family, and your property at this great risk of danger? this becomes the reason why you should actively practice an organic lifestyle (if you are not already).scientific case studies reveal that toxic herbicide use causes dna genetic mutations, which occur at the human cellular level. these herbicides are responsible for creating genetic birth defects, premature infant death, infant disfigurement, and embryo impairment interfering with the normal human growth of a child’s brain development (which can lead to autism). toxic herbicides are also known to cause all sorts of physical body anomalies, human cancers, hodgkin’s disease, parkinson’s disease, lymphoma, etc. this is substantiated and demonstrated by peer-reviewed studies.our human reliance upon toxic herbicide use continues to damage threaten our human health, public drinking water, and food chain supply, and the air we breathe. all of the reason for moving away from toxic chemical herbicides and for moving toward safe, green, and healthy.with organic removal, there are no hidden dangers, no harmful chemicals are being used, and no waiting weeks for results first to appear. fact – all of our results are 100% immediate, safe, and effective. guaranteed!did you know???all poison ivy/oak/sumac plant parts, once treated with chemical sprays remain toxic to the touch for months and even years after chemical spraying. because young dying leaves, thick and old dead leaves, remaining poison ivy vines, and all other poison ivy/oak/sumac plant parts continue to exist remaining toxic-to-the-touch. these remaining dead or lingering dying plant parts can give you or your family members the horrible itchy and blistering rash long after they were sprayed. for this reason, we physically remove poison ivy without initially resorting to toxic herbicide sprays.this is all the more reason why you should call us first!unlike toxic herbicide spray companies, we never use chemicals that may cause damage to your property’s landscaping. toxic herbicide spraying always comes with hidden extra costs. you will not know how much destruction you created or what the final total cost of spraying is until weeks or months later. it is only then that you will discover and be able to assess all of the hidden costs of shrub and tree replacement. manual removal is always a safe and cheaper option than alternative earth care. when manual physical removal is employed there are no hidden extra fees or costs!herbicide spraying always requires that all dead poison ivy/oak/sumac plants, along with the resulting dead landscape plants, are now no more. the cost of landscape plant replacement and clean-up is your hidden cost.your benefit is health and cost savings. our proven methods and techniques provide you with greater cost savings. with poisonivyremoval.com there is no need for you to replace or remove dead landscape shrubbery or ground cover once the work has been completed, and there are no hidden landscape replacement costs. which is the reason why it pays for you to have us remove poison ivy/poison oak/poison sumac without ever using toxic chemical sprays. 











can i get poison ivy eradication services in my area? 










poison ivy removal new york state

new york city, the bronx, queens, manhattan, staten island







poison ivy removal connecticut

lower half of fairfield county from the metro nys line following along the coast / us route 95 corridor including: darien, stamford, strattford, norwalk, rowayton. etc.







poison ivy removal east end

all of long island’s south fork, including: manorville, remsenburg, westhampton, quogue, hampton bays, southampton, water mill, bridgehampton, wainscott, east hampton, amagansett, montauk all of long island’s north fork, including: riverhead, flanders, aquebogue, mattituck, peconic, marion, southold, laurel, and greenport







poison ivy removal  fire island

atlantique, cherry grove, corneille estates, davis park, dunewood, fair harbor, fire island lighthouse, fire island pines, fire island summer club, kismet, lonelyville, ocean bay park, ocean beach, point o’ woods, robert moses state park, robins rest, sailors haven, saltaire, seaview, smith point, sunken forest, watch hill, water island







poison ivy removal long island

new york city, brooklyn, queens







poison ivy removal  nassau county

all north shore and south shore areas, including: atlantic beach, albertson, bayville, bellmore, bethpage, brookville, cedarhurst, east norwich, farmingdale, freeport, point lookout, oceanside, valley stream, lynbrook, east meadow, floral park, garden city, greenvale, great neck, hempstead, hicksville, jericho, levittown, lawrence, massapequa, manhasset, munsey park, mattinecock, mill neck, merrick, old westbury, oyster bay, new hyde park, seaford, searingtown, syosset, plainview, port washington, sands point, syosset, roslyn, roslyn heights, roslyn estates, roslyn harbor, flower hill, mineola, wantagh, westbury, woodbury.







poison ivy removal new jersey

we service all of northern new jersey and central new jersey starting from point pleasant beach exit 98 gsp, heading due northward up the jersey shore on over to nys line; as far west as mercer county – princeton, hunterdon county and surrounding areas northwards to middlesex county, passaic county, hudson county, bergen county, continuing northwards up to nys line. areas including: morristown, chester, morris plains, bedminster, chatham, bloomfield, bloomingdale, mahwah, wyckoff, glenwood, allendale, ring wood, spring lake, franklin lakes, pompton plains, wayne, scotch plains, oradell, marlboro, north brunswick, bound brook, totowa, edison, bridgewater, etc.







poison ivy removal rockland county

nanuet, new city, havastraw, munsey







poison ivy removal suffolk county

all north and south shores areas, including: amityville, commack, cold spring harbor, huntington, melville, northport, commack, smithtown, islip, head of harbor, islip, islandia, holtsville, nesconset, centereach, medford, st. james, setauket, selden, stony brook, wading river,







poison ivy removal pennsylvania

new hope, lambertville, and surrounding areas within 25 miles of new hope. please contact us today for your poison ivy removal consultation 







poison ivy removal westchester county

larchmont, new rochelle, white plains, scarsdale, ardsely, tuckahoe, mamaroneck, bedford, croton on the hudson, briarcliff manor, chappaqua, thornwood, new salem, etc.















contact us now for yourfree consultation1-888 p. i. r e l i e f  



"we're just 'itching' to get rid of your poison ivy" 







created with fabric.js 1.7.22        
call us now















leaves of three™ is a federally registered trademark of poison ivy removal. any unauthorized use is expressly prohibited. 












					©2025 - all rights reserved				



 




















