

diecast 101 an introduction to die-cast







an introduction to die-cast toys and replicas as a hobby, an investment, or just for fun.
diecast definition
major types of diecast
diecast scales
major makers of diecast
 


die-cast - a working definition.



      the word 'diecast', although very popular in the collector world, should 
	actually be either 'die cast' or 'die-cast'.  in a nod to the various 
	popular forms of the word, this page will use diecast, die cast, and 
	die-cast interchangeably.  
	definition: the term refers to the process of forcing
      molten metal, under great pressure, into a die or form to give it a specific
      shape.  
die casting is rather expensive to set up, but can produce
      mass quantities of castings at relatively low, per piece cost.  the 
	forms, or tooling as it is usually referred to in the industry, can be very 
	complex and often represents the largest cost associated with any given toy 
	or model produced.  the
      fine texture of the metal and the precision of the die can combine to
      create very detailed pieces when desired.  the material used in diecast is actually a
      composition of zinc and aluminum sometimes referred to as 'zamac' inside the
      toy industry.  it is not the same as steel or iron.  almost all
      die-cast toys and models have some plastic parts.  for a more 
	detailed discussion of die cast metal and the die cast process, please visit
	http://www.diecasting.org
there are other types of metal toys that the novice may confuse with
      die cast.  cast iron is an older technology that was commonly used by
      toy makers in the early to mid 1900's for everything from mechanical banks
      to farm tractors and cars.  casting iron produces a rather crude
      looking product by today's standards and is most commonly used for
      knock-offs and primitives that are supposed to look older than they are. 
      toy companies that made cast iron include arcade, wilkins, hubley, kenton
      and vindex.
stamped metal is also commonly used for metal toy making.  as the
      name implies, a sheet of steel is stamped or shaped by a form to create
      the desired shape.  stamped metal toys where very common in the post
      war era and can still be found in limited quantities on store shelves
      today.  toy companies that made stamped steel include tonka, buddy l,
      ertl, and nylint.  
everyone will agree that the rise of the internet contributed greatly to 
	an explosion of interest in specialty die-cast models.  many people who 
	had never seen the diversity and quality of diecast available were quick to 
	jump into the hobby of collecting.  beginning in 2005, zinc prices began to rise substantially on the global 
	market.  for several years now the shelf price of die cast toys and 
	models has risen steadily due to the increase in zinc prices, overseas 
	labor, and lower production quantities.  today the trend toward greater 
	and greater detail continues as manufacturers find increasingly creative 
	ways to keep costs down and variety up.
 



major types of die cast



      the words toy, model, and replica are
      often used interchangeably and can be somewhat confusing.  generally
      speaking a toy is something that can be played with.  it may
      be collectible, highly or not so highly detailed, accurate or very
      generalized.  the words model and replica usually refer
      to pieces designed for display or collecting.  both are usually more
      accurate in regard to scale and detail.  many adults collect toys,
      but it is usually not a good idea to let kids play with models.  a model is not an
      unassembled kit.  the word 'kit' is the indication that a model comes
      unassembled.
 


automotive
            toys and models have been the life blood of the die cast trade since it's beginning. the range of vehicles produced and the list of
            companies producing them is extensive. [check availability]
during most of the last few decades, 1/18 scale was the most popular size for the us market. however increasing costs and reluctance of major retailers to devote 
            shelf space to the larger packages made 1/18 less available in many cases. in recent years, 1/24 scale has become just as popular and even more accessible in the us. 
            most recently 1/64 has experienced a boom. the smaller scale and smaller prices make it possible for collectors to fill their shelves with interesting 
            cars and vehicles withought breaking the bank. europeans continue to favor 1/43 scale and even 1/87 scale, although the later are usually made of high-quality plastics.




aviation

            models have long been an item of fascination to kids and collectors
            alike.  aircraft are typically produced in smaller scales than
            other vehicles due to the enormous size of some planes.  
currently models are available across a wide
            range of prices and styles.  military planes continue to be the
            most popular and planes from the wwii era are enjoying a revival of
            nostalgia for that period.  [check availability]  




construction
            toys and models have been around since the pre-war era but have enjoyed a boom
            in popularity during the last decade.  virtually all machines from
            dozers to rock drills, cranes to excavators can be found in model
            form.  most are aimed squarely at the adult collector and
            feature lots of details and craftsman ship.  [check availability]  

            unfortunately, most of the 'tonka' type sand-box toys many of us had
            as kids have been replaced by plastic versions in recent
            years.  however, the dedicated collector can still find many
            examples at garage sales and other outlets.  
this link 3000toys.com/caterpillar
            provides specific information about licensed caterpillar brand toys
            and collectibles.




farm
            toys have long been a favorite of kids on and off the
            farm.  the very first ertl toy was a farm tractor.  today farm toys are among the few die cast toys
            still produced in the united states and are one of the most widely
            covered and collected themes.
the farm-toy.com website
            has more information about current farm toy companies and their
            offerings. [check availability]




emergency 
			vehicles models make up another very popular category 
			for collectors and kids alike.  some of the earliest cast iron 
			and pressed tin toys featured horse-drawn fire engines and early 
			ladder trucks.  today companies like eligor and corgi 
			produce a limited range of models that feature accurate markings and 
			details for a number of different trucks and departments.  [check availability]



military
            pieces are a staple of the model business and have been since
            napoleon's army march across europe.  collectors have long
            sought after detailed, authentic pieces for everything from complex
            battle dioramas to simple remembrances of time served in defense of
            the country.  modern military toys for kids are almost all
            plastic due the increasing complexity of the equipment being
            replicated.  [check availability]



trucking 
			models and toy trucks have also been around since the early days of 
			cast iron toy making.  trucks of all types have long captured 
			the imagination of youngsters and the admiration of collecting 
			adults.  classic forms tending to gravitate towards dump 
			trucks, semi trucks, and fire trucks.  all of which offered 
			great play value.  in more recent times the field of truck 
			model collecting has exploded with the advent of the promotional 
			model.  these are typically replicas of fleet trucks custom 
			produced for a particular truck line or company to use a customer 
			gifts and employee incentives.  often an extra quantity is 
			produced and made available to the collecting public.  this has 
			been a tremendous success for several companies including die cast 
			promotions, tonkin replicas, first gear, ertl, and many others.  
			with limited production runs and an almost endless variety, the end 
			is no where in sight for this segment of the market.  
			[check availability]






 
powered by 3000toys.com
 
 
stratton systems inc. - 2024


