



wedding websites - create your own at bwedd.com




























 






 




  brilliant wedding pagesfebruary 18, 2025  

























compare our site to others



 

see a line-by-line comparison between bwedd.com 
              and other online wedding website tools.





how 
              do i create my own wedding website?



 

step by step instructions on how you can build your 
              own wedding website.





what does it cost?



 

view current prices, descriptions, and examples 
              of available site add-ons.





frequently asked questions



 

find the answer to your question in our faq.

















create your own wedding website










simply the best wedding websites
by 
                      using this very simple, easy-to-use online tool you will 
                      invite your friends and family across the globe to become 
                      a part of your celebration.
imagine, if you will, your own personal wedding website. 
                      you email all of your friends and family with your personalized 
                      url (i.e. http://www.bwedd.com/lorianddave/ 
                      ) and you invite them to participate in all of the planning. 
                      they go to your site, and they find:

out-of-town guest information - your guests will find 
                      your places to stay page very helpful. in addition 
                      to listing each recommended accommodation, you can also 
                      give them a price range, a map to the location, a web address, 
                      phone number, fax number, street address, features and any 
                      notes you might want to share. our things to do in the 
                      area add-on allows you to share a price range, location, 
                      web address, e-mail, phone number, fax number, map, and 
                      comments for each of your suggested things to do. and, you 
                      can add as many things to do as you would like!


several online photo 
                      albums, filled with pictures from your childhood, 
                      from when you started dating, from when he proposed, from 
                      your parties and showers, and eventually from the wedding 
                      and reception itself!


a countdown to your wedding. every time they visit 
                      your site your guests will be excited to see the seconds 
                      ticking away to your big day!


the ability to rsvp 
                      to your wedding online. in a few seconds your guests can 
                      fill out an online rsvp form (including a meal choice and 
                      a message to you) and it will be instantly emailed to you!


a personalized wedding quiz about you and your 
                      future spouse. your guests can take the quiz and compete 
                      for the top 25 scores displayed on your site.


... and much more!

you can create this site on bwedd.com in less than 1 hour 
                      and you don't even need to understand how to write a line 
                      of code!
in all of the busyness of wedding planning, do you remember 
                      what the essence of your wedding is?
a celebration 
                      of your love with your friends and family!
that is what a bwedd.com 
                      wedding website is all about!
you could get it elsewhere, but why would you want to?
yes, you could get a site for free from other sites, but 
                      they don't offer the high-quality features we do. don't 
                      believe us? check 
                      out a sample site for yourself! or, look at a  
                      feature comparison of bwedd.com and other online wedding 
                      website tools. other sites pay the bills by selling stuff 
                      to you and your guests while they are visiting your site. 
                      don't make your site a commercial. share a beautiful site 
                      that exemplifies your love at bwedd.com.
our guarantee
we guarantee that you will like your website, or 
                      we will do everything in our power to make you like your 
                      site. and, if you have an idea for something that we do 
                      not already offer, or are not already working on, when we 
                      use your idea we will give you that portion of your site 
                      for free!
risk-free trial
you can create a wedding 
                      website, try it out for free for one week, and make 
                      a more informed decision on whether you would like to keep 
                      your site. there is no obligation for you to keep 
                      your site. 
when you sign 
                      up for your trial you will be asked to create a login 
                      and password. we ask for your e-mail address in order to 
                      send you a reminder of your login and password and to let 
                      you know when your trial is about to expire, but we never 
                      sell your name or address of any sort to anyone. your information 
                      is kept completely confidential. 
and, we do not ask you for a credit card number or any 
                      billing information until you are ready to purchase your 
                      site. if you choose not to purchase your site, it will simply 
                      expire one week from the date that you created it.
we're friendly!  please contact us if you have any questions at 
					   support@bwedd.com.  we 
					  value all of your questions and look forward to helping you out!












 how much does it cost?
your site can cost between $3 and $100 depending on which add-ons you choose.  our average purchase is $36.00 for a site for one full year.  check out all of our add-on choices and their individual per year prices on our pricing page.














 customer testimonials





 
                                  
                                  "i have been searching the internet regarding wedding web pages, and i have to say that your site is the most impressive one i've seen.  once you see the site, you would never think it would be so easy to set up.  i will definitely recommend this to some of my friends that will soon be future brides."





 - becky




  
                                
                                "we love our wedding page and one of the three engaged couples we know is ready to start their own...what a great gift for the computer literate & newly engaged couple!"




 - jennifer




















   
   


contact ussuggestionsfeedback
send to a friendbwedd infosite map

copyright © 2000 - 2025 brilliance web design, inc. all rights reserved.














