





book publicity and book promotion services by newman communications


















 
















newman communications
book publicity, corporate publicity, public relations and more







home
about
the team
services

book review campaigns
satellite television tours
online book publicity
media training
full campaigns
city media tours
print tours
radio book tours


blog
find us
contact
praise







our work

book publicity best sellers

bios and memoirs

business

children's

entertainment

health and wellness

history

money and finance

music

novels

politics & government

psychology & sociology

religion and faith

self help

sports

style and fashion

technology and web












connect









contact

main: 617-921-1903

bob newman
617-952-1470
617-921-1903







latest site news


book publicity campaign for “a delightfully empty nest”
to study or not study… stephen colbert? that is the question!
book publicity: norb vonnegut returns to newman communications with the trust


more news
news rss feed


latest blog posts

book publicity & pr tips: how to improve your media opportunitiesbook promotion tips: promote your book with facebook business pagesthe envelope please…newman communications salutes the oscarsremembering jeff zaslow: bestselling author and newman clientbook business – an insider’s view with linda shirley, border’s books store manager

blog rss feed




book publicity, book promotion, and public relations
newman communications - a national public relations firm specializing in book publicity and book promotion for authors, publishers, writers, speakers.
with more than 20 years of service, we can provide the planning and strategic guidance you need to promote your book, brand, or company. contact us today to learn more about how a successful book publicity, book promotion, brand development or public relations campaign, can help build and increase your audience reach.


	what's new?








 















book publicity & pr tips: how to improve your media opportunities

when it comes to book publicity, know your niche, make your pitch!
in the book publicity world in which we book publicists “play”, trying to generate media exposure for clients is often a difficult challenge.  there is no shortage of experts and authors who are competing for the same space, be it in print, television, radio or online.  we have no doubt, if given the opportunity, that most our authors can do a tremendous job of impressing the media with their insight and knowledge, but in order to get them there, we need to be on point with our pitches.  in acting as their mouthpiece, and trying to open the media gates, it is essential for our authors to help us help them.
 continue reading…




book promotion tips: promote your book with facebook business pages

book promotion and book publicity tips for authors
promoting your book on facebook
if you use facebook (and who doesn’t), you’re probably by now familiar with  facebook business and brand pages. as an author, or anyone with a product or brand, you should familiarize yourself with these pages and learn how to take full advantage of their benefits to increase your visibility, marketing, and publicity efforts.
we’ve put together a few tips to help you get started with the new pages and to kick-start your book promotion and publicity. and if you’re not an author, we think you’ll find this information just as helpful.
 continue reading…





© 2025 newman communications  






 





