




hot door - cadtools







































					fast & friendly service: 888-236-9540 answered in the usa     
					knock@hotdoor.com




free trial


products


support/faqs


					buy
				

my account










subscription • $264/year

					compatible with illustrator 2021+  guaranteed compatibility with illustrator upgrades for duration of subscription
				





full • $429
compatible with illustrator 2021-2025





upgrade • $279
must own previous license for  cadtools 11, 12, or 13





			add to cart 
















hot door
cadtools14

				for adobe® illustrator® 2021-2025
			
design around the box







buy




			$264/year subscription


		

			guaranteed compatibility with illustrator 2021+ for duration of subscription.
			license for mac or windows, one per user. multiple license discounts appear in cart.
		





		cadtools 14.3.0 is now available for illustrator 2025! download for mac or windows.		see changelog for details.
	


why choose cadtools?


			draw, dimension & label
		

			click and drag dimensions or labels that follow and respond to artwork changes
		


your browser does not support embedded videos
			




			works just like illustrator
		

			over 100 tools seamlessly integrated with no learning curve
		


your browser does not support embedded videos
			





			free technical support
		

			call, email or in-app chat for tech support answered in the usa
		






			beautiful styles
		

			customize live dimensions and labels with control over terminators, text placement, and much more
		


your browser does not support embedded videos
			




			paste with scale
		

			copy and paste at different scales without doing any math - it just works
		


your browser does not support embedded videos
			




			labels for any design task
		

			incremental, geometry, custom, and structured labels in hundreds of styles
		


your browser does not support embedded videos
			




			move & measure with precision
		

			full control over points, paths, and objects including length, perimeter, and area
		


your browser does not support embedded videos
			




			zoom in on the details
		

			automatically generate close-up views in any scale
		






			unlimited scales
		

			select from a wide range of engineering and architectural or custom scales
		


your browser does not support embedded videos
			




  show more






			seven construction calculators
		

			add fractions, mix and convert units, measure proportions, and calculate materials
		






			3d-style objects
		

			create and dimension axonometric and isometric art with control over rotation and tilt
		


your browser does not support embedded videos
			




			structured label designer
		

			complex labels help with signage planning and wayfinding
		






hundreds of vector symbols

		cadsymbols library includes architecture, people, and landscape artwork that automatically scale to the target layer.
	





why upgrade to cadtools 14?


			get organized
		

			store layers inside functional groups
		






			save time
		

			refer to measurements by name
		






			90-day money-back guarantee
		

			love how easy cad can be
		







tutorial videos











  show more


  visit our youtube channel





























buy




			$264/year subscription


		

			guaranteed compatibility with illustrator 2021+ for duration of subscription.
			license for mac or windows, one per user. multiple license discounts appear in cart.
		



other products to level up your creativity



				dwellsymbols
			

				36 architectural homes as editable 3d-style symbols
			




				details  






				cadpatterns
			

				134 editable architectural patterns
			




				details  






				control plug-ins
			

				seven precision design plug-ins 
			




				details  









about us


privacy/terms


international resellers



© 2025 hot door, inc. all rights reserved.



  cart





		buy cadtools 14 
	


	each product page allows you to configure your software choices.
	choose a product and then click the buy button.


	for multiple license discounts, simply change the quantity in your cart.















