



home







































minimum order: 6 bottles














next day for local (south dublin) deliveries, nationwide 2-3 days
















                                    webwines.ie
                                









menu




home


shop


tasting twist


mixed cases


spring!


contact us


blog


ts & cs



























 





webwines.ie choose your own tasting twist upgrade when you orderla demoiselle de sociando mallet 2016, haut medocnew to webwines? you should try our tasting cases 





 




select your wine












select a wine or ask for a bespoke gift!
































































we sell only in 6's so that you can get the best quality at the best price.


























is bordeaux your thing?



if so, you are in luck!we ship directly from bordeaux so we can get the wines we want at the price you want!from chateau du calvaire, st emilion grand cru (€156 for 6), chateau lanessan, haut medoc (€174.00 for 6) and ch lilian ladouys st estephe (€204.00 for 6) up to ch haut bages liberal 2016 pauillac  (€450 for 6), we offer top quality wines at the best prices. you can view our full bordeaux range here
























tasting twist



                                                    our tasting twist option is available on most of our wines and we think you should give it a try! order your preferred wine with the tasting twist option (if available)  and we'll replace a bottle of your chosen wine with a similar price and quality wine - so you get to try something new but we get to choose!trust us! we want you to enjoy and come back so we will ensure they are great wines!and yes, we do keep a record of the tasting twist wine so we'll give you something different next time.we love feedback on our tasting twist choices so do let us know atinfo@webwines.ie  
























wine vintage charts



                                                    while always subjective, those interested in reviews etc also like a vintage chart so we have some here from the most highly respected wine sources which are available to download.  just click on the image above and select the chartwe do try to include independent tasting notes if available, but one of the difficulties is that  by the time the 'experts' write the wines up, that vintage is sold out!  a first world problem!


















 


























our story





the mccabe brothers, jim & john are at this a long time! jim first opened a wine warehouse in 1982 and joined john in the wine shop/off licence 4 years later.  we first won off-licence of the year in 1988 - but now sell online only. we ship directly from quality vineyards and regions so we can get the wine we want, the vintage we want and the price we want!we also 'cherrypick' the best of wines available locally and offer the best prices - if we stock it, we reckon it's the best price/quality ratio available!it mightn't be the dearest sancerre - and won't be the cheapest - but definitely the best value!we offer older vintages for special occasions but these are bespoke, as stocks are very limited. these include small quantities of classic bordeaux wines, including ch. leoville barton, ch. lynch bages, ch. du tertre, pichon baron, cos d'estournel, ch. langoa barton, ch. montrose, ch. la lagune, ch. haut batailley etcemail info@webwines.ie if you are looking for something different, but always top quality.we do not offer a subscription service - we don't send you 3 bottles every month - we don't charge you for membership - you just order when and what you want. bespoke 6-packs and cases are available on request but we try to sell in 6's or 12's, so that you get the best deal, best price, best service - and great wines! life is too
short to be drinking average wine.jim & john mccabe








 




shop now

















some mixed cases to try from our selection!





































solo roberto mixed case



this mixed case from solo roberto in friuli, italy contains 6 btls of their award winning wines, and all are available to re-order individually!  you'll get a btl each of the following wines - with an extra pinot grigio to get to 6!solo roberto pinot grigio 2023 - voted best pinot grigio in italy last year solo roberto pinot bianco 2023 - 93 points from luca maronisolo roberto sauvignon (blanco)  2023, double gold medals (g & g)solo roberto merlot 2022, 93 points luca maronisolo roberto cabernet sauvignon 2022, 17/20 jancis robinsonall for €100.00full details here  what's the purpose of a tasting case? well, we think it's an opportunity to try 6 wines that you might not have tasted before, without having to commit to a case of each! 




































palacios tasting casean introduction to a range of highly acclaimed wines



this tasting case includes 2 rioja reservas, 2 white riojas and 2 ribera del duero reds - all highly acclaimed - for only €120.00you'll get a bottle each of the followingproelio reserva 2018, rioja 93 points wine enthusiast, 92 points penin, 92 points james suckling etctrus 2023 ribera del duero 91 points tim atkin, 91 points penin, 90 points j. sucklingnivarius 2023 blanco rioja (tempranillo blanco) 91 points james suckling, 91 points peninproelio vinedos viejos 2019 (garnacha) 93 points penin, 93 points tim atkin, 91 points decanternivarius edicion limitada 2019 'terroirs blend' rioja 94 points tim atkin, 95 points decanter, 94 points penin, 92 points j. sucklingtrus crianza 2020, ribero del duero, 94 points wine enthusiast, 93 points penin, 92 points j. sucklingfull details hereand then you can order your favourites! 
























our premium 6 btl gift box - puligny & saint estephe





3 btls each ofpuligny montrachet 2021 domaine bouzereau gruere &la dame de montrose  2017, saint estephefull details here  


















see our full range of wines



















                                    webwines.ie
                                










terms & conditions ordering delivery returns & refunds © all rights reserved















                                                            contact us
                                                    










info@webwines.ie







phone: 353 89 222 8253













                                                            address
                                                    













unit 6, the forum
29/31 glasthule road
co dublin
a96 k8f7
ireland














                                                            social
                                                    












facebook




instagram











privacy policy 1
cookie policy

























