




red dragon karate – serving the community for 56 years!

















































family martial arts programs for southern california 







red dragon hq 626-379-5530  











 







 
home
about us

locations
resources

license opportunities
blog


contact


shop
military & first responders
homeschool
 
hamburger toggle menu
 













 
get free training



















proudly serving our community since 1965 



red dragon karate has been changing lives one student at a time 



find out why so many people in southern california turn to red dragon karate for their martial arts training. parents just like you have discovered how to maximize their child's potential and accelerate their development!  





red dragon karate members have seen improvements in as little as 3 days!


 



 
learn to set goals and crush them



 
boost self-esteem and increase confidence



 
improved mood, fitness levels and stress management



 
learn bully proof self-defense skills














choose your location
and gain access to our exclusive web specials 











"*" indicates required fields

choose your location*alta lomaapple valleychino hillsdiamond barglendora westglendorala vernemontclairontariopasadenapomonasan dimas / via verdeuplandvisaliayorba linda/placentiaafterschoolyour name parent's phone number*email address*


 



















* your privacy is very important, we’ll never share your information. we may email you about special offers and upcoming events. the next page will show you exclusive offers and opportunities to get started. 















not all schools are created equal 



red dragon karate is the best choice for your families martial art training 



martial arts is good, clean fun for the entire family. it is the best way to give kids a head start in life. 
at lou casamassa’s red dragon karate, our students learn the positive benefits of self-discipline and confidence, they develop coordination and increase strength and flexibility and because a structure of respect is built into our martial arts, children develop the ability to listen, learn, and achieve within a highly related environment. this proves to be an excellent reinforcement of study techniques for school.
at red dragon karate we are on an endless quest for martial arts excellence. our customers always come first and we promise to: provide a positive, safe, and clean environment for all our students. keep the safety of our students as our primary concerns. always teach self defense above self offense. instill the values of respect, discipline, confidence and self-reliance. continue to build and enhance our system of martial arts. provide an atmosphere of unity that extends out to each family and our community.
martial arts isn’t all serious, just ask the kids. we regularly have social functions, pizza parties, birthday parties and movie nights. our goal is to make sure all kids feel great about themselves as they make their journey towards black belt. we make learning challenging as well as enjoyable. not only do our students learn the most, they have the most fun too!
get your child or yourself on the road to self-discovery that will make every stage in life easier. simply click on the get started tab and join our red dragon family today.  











we service the following areas 



we’ve been training, coaching and teaching kids and adults of all ages
for over 50 years at lou casamassa's red dragon karate. we are committed to improving the lives of our members 1 class at a time. everyone who trains at red dragon karate enjoys the benefits of improved health, more focus, more confidence and more respect for
themselves and others along with a sense of accomplishment that
comes from learning the best in american martial arts and mma. 











 
alta loma





 
apple valley





 
beaumont





 
chino hills















 
diamond bar





 
etiwanda





 
glendora





 
la verne















 
montclair





 
ontario





 
pasadena





 
pomona















 
san dimas





 
upland





 
visalia





 
yorba linda




















 4.7/5 




average star rating for red dragon locations are 4.9 



verified by trust pilot 












we put your family first at red dragon 



by going above and beyond 





















 



family tradition 



red dragon karate has been a family owned and operated business for over 50 years! red dragon is flat out the best place for the entire family to train together. 







 



age specificprograms 



detailed curriculum that’s centered around children’s specific development stages. our system works because we know every person develops at a different pace and we designed our martial art training to match that. 







 



communityoutreach 



from charity events, anti bully clinics, women’s empowerment training, to our work with local law enforcement and  the u.s marine corp. red dragon is always striving to making our community a better place to live 











 



amazingbirthdays 



children absolutely love our birthdays, and say that they are the best experience ever! plus they can break a real board and cut their cake with a ninja turtle sword! 







 



lifeskills 



nobody does character development like rdk. we work hand in hand with parents to guide and inspire our kids future with the  life skills that instill respect, empathy and confidence 







 



fun, fitnessand more 



all instructors are trained and certified to teach by the akkf. from the exciting games, to the dynamic warm ups, to the life saving self defense we care about maintaining the quality of our art.  
















 



red dragon karate, in southern california is dedicated to serving the community by building tomorrow’s leaders today 






facebook-f
 



twitter
 



instagram
 



youtube
 










quick links 






about us




locations




license opportunity




shop




contact




terms & conditions











contact details 






 
364 w. foothill blvd glendora, ca 91741




 
rdkmacsupply@gmail.com





 
626-379-5530











let's connect 



we love hearing from students, customers, and future members. connect with us on social media or send us a message by clicking the button below. 






get free training



















© 2024 all rights • red dragon karate 







made with ❤ by ciremedia 












































