









commercial real estate financing


































          call  480 970 0990




      


                        info@fcfcorporation.com




how to develop own website





                    commercialreal estate financing

                    purchase and refinance
cmbs conduit loans agency multi family sba 7a & sba 504 loans beidge loans
about us properties that we finance













                        first charter financialcorporation









we are a full service commercial mortgage company. we do not do any single family home mortgages. we are in the commercial financing business and we do not sell leads to other companies. financing commercial real estate is our only business. we close loans.
we do the following loan programs. cmbs conduit loans, agency, fannie mae and freddie mac loans. sba 7a loans and sba 504. bridge loans. conventional and construction loans. see our different loans below.we finance the following types of properties. shopping centers, multifamily properties, hotels, office properties, industrial buildings and mixed use and specialty properties. see the properties that we finance.
lenders that you find on the internet are all different. many will try to fit you into the one loan products that they sell. that is why you need to consult with an independent mortgage company. we know what is available in the market. we can discuss your needs and goals and suggest what would be the best loan for you. then we will do the correct loan for you. we will stay with you through the funding. we always represent the borrower, not the lender. we will fund your loan.





















important advice about commercial financing
there is a theme that we tell borrowers our web sites.  you need to consult with an independent mortgage company. we know what is available in the market. we can discuss your needs and goals and suggest what would be the best loan for you.

if you call a carpenter to fix something he will bring his hammer to hit a nail. it is the same with lenders. if you go to a large bank they will offer you a fixed rate loan for only 3 to 5 years or an adjustable for 10. they will want a personal guarantee and they will use their underwriting parameters to determine the loan size. if you go to a community bank they will do something similar or they may want to squeeze you into an sba program. you may go to a residential mortgage company that does not know the commercial market. you may wind up with a private lender and pay too high a rate or a cmbs lender that may not be the best product for you. we will not mislead you.

do not try to do it yourself. you may fall onto the wrong loan for your needs. our experience and knowledge are your strength. you would not do your own hart surgery. you would higher the best doctor that you can find. do the same with your financial health. talk to us, please. call us 480 970 0990








the best loan to fit your needs
first charter financial is a leading independent mortgage company. we are not affiliated with any one lender. we conduct our business on a nation wide basis. we are dedicated to arranging the best financing to meet the needs of our clients. we represent you the real estate investor, developer and owner. we do not sell you as a lead to another company.

we have maintained relationships in the financial markets for many years and we are well known. first charter financial corporation is licensed and bonded. we do not ask for any deposit or money up front. we often are a correspondant and are paid by the lender. when we do charge a commission we are paid  at loan funding. 









                    we finance all kinds of commercial real estatewe do many different kinds of loans to fit your needsclick on the picture













cmbs conduit loans
cmbs loans are loans for stabelized real estate. they are low interest rate 10 year fixed loans, funds come from the bond market. we do tham for hotels, retail, office, industrial.









agency multi family
agency loans are from  fannie mae, freddie mac and hud. government agencies. these are low rate long term fixed loans. they are the best loans for multi-family properties.









sba 7a sba 504
we do sba 7a loans up to $5 million. sba 504 to $13 million. these are federal guranteed loans. their down payment is lower but their interest rates are higher than conventional loans.









bridge loans

                           this is a polite term for private and hard money loans. in general the interest rate is higher and the maturity is shorter. however in some cases this is the only type of loan that is available.











                    we do all kinds of commercial real estate  loansread our economic news letter


commercial properties that we finance economic news letter










                    contact us

                    send us your information. fill in the form and we will send you our economic news letter and other information. do you want to start a new loan? tell us what you need in a message on the form. 







thanks for filling out the form!
















send form

















 



info@fcfcorporation.com 480 970 0990site map


financing for
hotelsshopping centersmulti familyoffice / industrialabout fcf



                    first charter financial corporation8204 east del caverna drivescottsdale az. 85258az cmb 0922527nmls id 181100












                        â© copyright 2020 first charter financial corporation all rights reserved
                    
























