
homeplease ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility







facebook





email





phone























home
 
map search 
search the mls
 
list search
 
featured listings

 
buyers 
first time buyers
 
investment faq's
 
mortgage calculator
 
financing
 
relocation
 
home inspections

 
sellers 
staging your home
 
tips for selling land
 
your home value

 
about us 
agents
 
what's in ruidoso?
 
where is ruidoso?
 
about ruidoso
 
ruidoso downs new mexico
 
why list with us?
 
choosing a realtor®
 
testimonials

 
contact
















 

















find a home


sell your home


your homes value?
























featured listings





featured communities

  commercial 


  residential 


  farm & ranches 


  land 


  alto 


  ruidoso 


  townhomes & condos 




what our clients say
 



this was the smoothest sale and escrow possible.  sold 3rd day full
price, all cash 30 day escrow closed on time. 
- daniel carson and jane worrell


chances of me ever needing a realtor in nm again are almost non-existent, but if that ever pops up, you will be called.

thanks again for all of your courtesies, help, and good work.  you are a man worth knowing.- sincerely,  frank j. douthitt


charlotta went above and beyond to make sure every aspect of our transaction went well. she is professional, friendly and an asset to not only your company, but to all her clients. it was our pleasure to have been able to have her handle the purchase of our now vacation home.- paul acuff


our dealings with joe zagone were just fantastic!!!  we loved working
with him. -bill helwig







read more

century 21 aspen real estate ruidoso new mexico homes - lincoln county real estate

our agents can sell you any home in the ruidoso real estate area whether or not we list that home. we can help first time home buyers through the sometimes confusing ordeal of purchasing a home. and we can help those needing to sell their home settle on a price they are comfortable with. if you are selling land, our agents know just the right selling techniques.
if you are a buyer,  with all the homes or property in the ruidoso new mexico real estate area including alto and the lincoln county real estate area, we can help you choose the right home or property for your needs and we'll guide you toward making an informed real estate decision in the
ruidoso, alto and all of lincoln county market. we can help you search out the best financing options and help with any arrangements in your moving. we pride ourselves in being able to give all our clients important local information based on years of living and enjoying all the area has to offer. we can also sell all new mexico ranches for sale plus homes and land in the area.

if you are a seller, we can help price and put your ruidoso, alto or lincoln county new mexico real estate, home or property on the market for a quick sale. if you'd like to find out the value of your home or property, go to our "your home value" page and submit a cma request. we will research the value of your ruidoso real estate for you. this is a free service provided by century 21 aspen real estate. 
contact us and let one of our century 21 aspen real estate agents help you find the path to your dream home in new mexico
. also, we can help give you an idea on what your ruidoso real estate or home may be worth. we specialize in the area and know new mexico real estate.
new mexico real estate services provided by century 21 aspen real estate.   search for all lincoln county new mexico real estate and ruidoso new mexico real estate. we also service the entire alto new mexico real estate area as well. 




what's your
home worth?
find out now

 








contact us
 office: 575-257-9057
 toll free: 800-658-2773
rericvaughn@gmail.com


visit us
727 mechem drive
ruidoso, nm 88345


© century 21 aspen real estate company, inc. all rights reserved. century 21® and the century 21 logo are registered services marks owned by century 21 real estate llc. century 21 home planning fully supports the principles of the fair housing act and the equal opportunity act. each franchise is independently owned and operated. any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchisees are not provided by, affiliated with or related to century 21 real estate llc nor any of its affiliated companies. 




                copyright  ©
                
                    cevado™ 
                
                 | all rights reserved | 
                
                    legal notices
                
                 | 
                





