



ix || insurexchange - insurance, risk management, consulting  ||






















			 
























commercial




property



liability



fleet




workers compensation




marine



aviation



directors and officers



employment liability




surety



professional liability



environmental



international



		 




		individual




private client services



		 




		research




glossary




about us




risk advice




community





 


insurexchange is a leading
		risk management and insurance brokerage firm providing the most cost
		effective and practical solutions to
		business and property owners.  we advise startups,
		small businesses and
		mature businesses.
insurexchange clients are interested in
		more than simply "buying insurance".  our clients want the best
		risk financing programs and our risk management services division
		provides the solutions.  

		our professionals work seamlessly with
		your entire staff in identifying, analyzing and controlling the risks
		impacting your financial and operational results. we
		provide expert advice to your finance, risk management and safety
		personnel, producing results that will lower your insurance costs and
		overall cost of risk. 

		throughout our client relationship we will closely monitor your claims
		and their causes leading to measurable improvements. while some claims
		are legitimate, many are not. with proper and aggressive management,
		overall claim payments can be kept to a minimum. 

		we provide surety and fidelity bonds; including performance and payment
		bonds, subdivision bonds, license bonds, court bonds, and many other
		types.
		
we have extensive experience in real
		estate and construction, property management, habitational and
		hospitality
		industries.  we have niche programs for cinemas and
		mobile food truck vendors. 
we have specialist divisions in aviation, marine,
		surety, transportation, public entities and
		entertainment industries.  
our standard carriers include ace, aig,
		amerisafe, associated industries amtrust, axis, crum & forster, chubb, cna,
		fcci, fcic, fireman's fund, gic, great american,
		hartford, liberty mutual, ohio casualty, one beacon, philadelphia, safeco,
		summit, st. paul
		travelers, zenith and zurich.  of course we also work with lloyd's
		and the excess and surplus lines marketplace through the leading
		wholesale intermediaries. 
when an insurexchange professional
		works for you, rest assured you will have their complete attention.
 










risk
				management








claims management



compliance



administration



outsourcing



contract review



m&a review













 
 
























 




















		 




		privacy statement





(888)663-4639
copyright© 1996 - 2016 insurexchange, inc. all rights
reserved. 
all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.









