




        china hotels and tourism ideas



























































otels


china-hotels


about


testimonials


contact










major cities


beijing




changsha




chengdu




chongqing




guangzhou




guilin




hangzhou




hong kong




nanjing




nanning




shanghai




shenzhen




suzhou




suzhou




tianjin




wuhan




wuxi




yangzhou

















find the perfect hotel in ...













to promote your hotel or tour service, click here























































            modern hotels in center of beijing
        








park plaza wangfujing beijing




                    2 miles east of forbidden city
                




                        daily from
                        
                            $130
                        










legendale hotel beijing




                    large hotel with european decor close to wangfujing
                




                        daily from
                        
                            $140
                        


















welcome to china
ni hao! find the perfect hotel in china, this ancient land of taoist temples, lotus gardens, moon gates and the great wall. come explore a civilization which evolved from rice fields and farms ... to scholar's studios and porcelain workshops ... to high-speed rail linking modern cities with stunning parks.
you will find lodging for any budget in beijing, shanghai, tianjin, xian, wuxi, chengdu, chongqing, hangzhou, and suzhou. head for a business meeting in shenzhen or a trade show in guangzhou -- with a hotel stay before or after in hong kong. let china-hotels.com help with your next holiday to the fabled middle kingdom!




































            beijing neighborhoods
        







wangfujing street




                    modern shopping corridor with famous stores, just east of the forbidden city. two dozen hotels in neighboring streets.
                









insider travel tips





beijing railway station lies 4 km southeast of the forbidden city. trains depart here for northeast china and 3 big cities south: shanghai, hangzhou, nanjing.
high-speed trains from beijing south station reach major cities by the coast including shanghai, hangzhou, and tianjin. get to shanghai in 4.5 hours for $85.
798 art zone (once a military complex) is a converted art space in the chaoyang district of beijing (which has many foreign embassies and businesses). the ucca center for contemporary art anchors this zone.


























about

otels is one of the largest families of hotel websites in the world, offering you a fast way to find a hotel. open our websites & click around the world ... to reserve your next hotel.

monthly newsletter

subscribe to our newsletter and stay up to date with the latest news and deals!



subscribe






destination guide









top destinations in europe











things to do in europe










travel tips for europe






contact us


                                    otels, inc.
                                    
                                    2200 wilson blvd
                                    
                                    suite 102, #321
                                    
                                    arlington, va 22201
                                    
                                    email: info@otels.com

click to send us a message


stay connected



















                                    2025 © otels, inc. all rights reserved. 
                                    privacy policy | terms of service












