






















home | carrollton utilities














  skip to main content










to report a utility emergency, contact the office at 502-732-7055












pay your bill


contact us


receive updates



















menu









customer service






useful information





contact us




documents & forms




faq




billing information




payment options




psc contact info




starting service







helpful hints





how to keep water pipes from freezing in winter




water conservation tips




water trouble spot checklist









utilities






water





water rates




about your water




where your water comes from




water quality report




water emergency operational procedures







wastewater





wastewater rates




about your wastewater




wastewater adjustment policy







gas





natural gas leaks




rebate program




gas budget billing




rate schedule




gas line repair




cost of new gas service




natural gas conservation tips







trash





monthly trash rates




rumpke









about us






about cu





about our utilities




city of carrollton




non-discrimination statement




history




commissioners




commission meeting information




staff









learning center






conservation





shower power




summer is the time to save




smart watering




water and climate change




more conservation resources







educational activities & materials





acid rain




amazing water




water cycle activity




tip tank




test your watersense




save splash the raindrop




what do you know about h2o




water sense activity book




save water to help the earth




freddy the fish teaches about stormwater




more education resources







helpful hints - information & resources





how to keep water pipes from freezing in winter




home water filtration facts




the story of bottled water









news




projects





search
        terms















carrollton
        utilities
      
900 clay street
carrollton ky 41008
(502) 732-7055
contact us








news
   
    and featured section
      


news




to report a utility emergency, contact the office at 502-732-7055






                monday, december 16, 2024 at 12:33 pm
              







lead testing notice


                        

              if you, as a carrollton utilities customer, have received a letter regarding unknown service lines that talks about lead testing please read the following information. the division of water requires that all service line material be identified. if we have been unable to identify the service line located on your property that is why you have received the letter. if you believe that your service line may be a lead line, you are able to contact our office for a lead sampling kit. we will deliver the kit to you along with instructions on how to sample. the following day our water plant operators...


      
          



                monday, september 30, 2024 at 2:36 pm
              







preparing for higher winter gas prices


                        

              protect yourself from upredictable gas prices. contact our office by july 29th to sign up for budget billing or for more information. why has the cost of gas increased? natural gas prices change due to the fluctuation of the market. this stems from the supply and demand issues within the industry and u.s. expor...


      
          



                monday, december 4, 2023 at 2:59 pm
              







u.s. department of commerce invests $2 million for wastewater infrastructure improvements 


                        

              u.s. secretary of commerce gina raimondo announced the department’s economic development administration (eda) is awarding a $2 million grant to the city of carrollton, kentucky, for wastewater infrastructure improvements needed to support local business growth and job creation.


      
          



                thursday, august 17, 2023 at 3:16 pm
              







service line inventory survey


                        

              on august 4, 2022, epa released guidance for developing and maintaining a service line inventory to support water systems with their efforts to develop inventories and to provide states with needed information for oversight and reporting to epa. the guidance provides essential information to help water systems comply w...


      
          



                tuesday, may 9, 2023 at 10:42 am
              





view all news


featured




carrollton utilities chief wastewater operator receives golden manhole award







                        

              greg wilson, chief wastewater operator for carrollton utilities, was recently awarded the golden manhole award at the kentucky and tennessee water professional conference.


      
          

learn more






wpla class of 2025







                        

              we are thrilled to announce that derrick willis of carrollton utilities has have been selected out of the numerous candidates to be a part of the water professionals leadership academy, class of...


      
          

learn more






scholarship award winner







                        

              carrollton utilities would like to congratulate aden stephenson on receiving a $1000 scholarship from trane to assist with his water certification training. this scholarship was awarded at the...


      
          

learn more






welcome to our website







                        

              we are pleased to announce the launch of our brand new website! after months of hard work and dedication, we are delighted to officially announce the launch.


      
          

learn more




view all featured














pay your bill
we’ve made it easy for you to pay your bill using our online payment system.

pay your bill





report a problem
use this form to report non-emergency issues
report a problem









sign up for service
we've made the new service agreement application available to submit online.
sign up for service





frequently asked questions
a collection of the most commonly asked questions from our customers.

frequently asked questions

















about us
carrollton utilities provides either natural gas, water or sewer service to portions of carroll, gallatin, owen, henry, and trimble counties, including the cities of carrollton, prestonville, ghent, sanders, worthville, glencoe, sparta, owenton, campbellsburg, and milton.
read more








return to top

















carrollton utilities












main office



                                                            900 clay street                                                             carrollton, ky 41008
                                                        








                        website by muni-link
                            webpresence |
                                                    accessibility statement |
                                                                             terms
                                of use |
                                                                             privacy
                                policy |
                                                 sitemap |
                                                                          log in















