







home - alkaline diet | united states | dr. robert young




























































 








 
meet dr. young

curriculim vitae peer reviewed articles

media

videos gallery books articles

case-studies
contact us
scientific posts
blog
x
 





 
 








 




 












facebook-f
 



youtube
 



icon-instagram-1
 










home 







the new biology 



									alkaline living with robert o. young cpt, msc, dsc, phd								



									naturopathic practitioner								







testimonials










support dr. young














meet dr. robert o. young 



our mission is to do all we can to change and save lives with an alkaline diet and lifestyle 



“dr. young may be on the threshold of a new biology, whose principle—if proven—could revolutionize the biology and medicine worlds.” neil solomon, m.d., ph.d. former head of research for john hopkins university.over the past two and a half decades, robert o. young has been widely recognized as one of the top research scientists in the world. throughout his career, his research has been focused at the cellular level. having a specialty in cellular nutrition, dr. young has devoted his life to researching the true causes of “disease,” subsequently developing “the new biology™” to help people balance their life.in 1994, dr. young discovered the biological transformation of red blood cells into bacteria and bacteria to red blood cells. he has since documented several such transformations.dr. robert young has devoted his career to the discovery of the missing pieces necessary to complete the larger picture of health. 






find out more









 







why alkaline? 



									it can help with								





 








 




digestion 



									there is only one instrument in the human body that digests food and that instrument is your teeth.								







fatigue 



									enervation is the first stage of acidosis based upon what you eat, drink, breathe and think.								





detoxification 



									eliminating acidic waste daily from metabolism, respiration and diet is essential to maintaining the alkaline design of the body.								





 





reproductive health 



conception can only take place in an alkaline environment. maintaining an alkaline body after conception gives your baby that best chance at health. 






weight loss 



									obesity is not a fat problem but an acidic lifestyle and diet problem.								





stress 



									physical and emotional stress produces acidic waste; if not eliminated through the four channels of elimination will build up in the interstitial fluids leading to sickness and disease.								









testimonials 



                ida kolader  19. september, 2024.    "traditional doctors, and all big pharma drugs! i am a living, breathing testament that there is a self-cure for all sickness and disease, including lupus!! i probably won’t win a beauty pageant but i am so freaking happy it doesn’t hurt anymore! and, all i did was restore my body’s natural alkaline healthy state by following dr. young’s ph miracle lifestyle and diet, he calls the new biology.”            cindy wheatcraft, hiram, ohio  19. september, 2024.    "thank you dr. young! your expertise, your life’s work and the time you spent with me saved my life from invasive ductal cell carcinoma her2 breast cancer!"            ingrit vaher  19. september, 2024.    "throughout my life i’ve got to know different kinds of diets and natural products. the alkaline way of life and dr. young's products are the only ones that helped me get rid of all my ailments including lymphatic cancer. i’m grateful to dr. young for giving me new life, which i am happy leading in an alkaline way."            god bless you, olivia  19. september, 2024.    "lots of people contact us for information on this new journey that i have proudly chosen to travel. some people refer to this as a diet. well it is not! it is a new ph miracle lifestyle where your diet, thoughts, beliefs, actions and expectations are in alignment with the natural laws of the universe. that is why you feel at ease and at peace when you are on the ph miracle lifestyle. dr. young, you truly have changed my life."            neil solomon, md, phd  19. september, 2024.    "dr. robert o young may be on the threshold of a new biology whose principals if proven, could revolutionize the biology and medicine worlds."            anthony robbins, author of awaken the giant within  19. september, 2024.    "if you are willing to commit the time and energy now to understand dr. robert o young's principles, you will experience a revolution in the quality of your life."              








support the work, research and findings of  dr.  robert o. young 




dr. young needs your help to continue his work and research to help people, specifically at this time when there are changes in the world from natural disaster, climate change, chemical and radiation poisoning, air, food and water pollution, fear of being infected and just some ones uncertainty about the future for themselves and their loved ones. 



no donations are too small and will be appreciated and used for continuous research, publications and public education!* * * 



as a special thank you for your donation, dr. young will answer one health or lifestyle related question. 



after your donation, please email dr. young at phmiraclelife@gmail.com.keep your question short and very specific. please include your first and last name, phone number and email. your question will be answered within 72 hours. 



									god bless you all!
stay healthy and happy!								







donate











your health starts here  





 


























δ










 















disclaimer












message















join my
mailing list
and never miss an update

ip address 
country code 
phone 
country please chooseafghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia and herzegowinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocook islandscosta ricacote d’ivoirecroatiacubacyprusczech republicdemocratic republic of congodenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republiceast timorecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatiniethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrance, metropolitanfrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesfyromgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard and mc donald islandshondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan (islamic republic of)iraqirelandisraelitalyjamaicajapanjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people’s democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaumadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnetherlands antillesnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporeslovak republicsloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia & south sandwich islandsspainsri lankast. helenast. pierre and miquelonsudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayen islandsswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvatican city state (holy see)venezuelaviet namvirgin islands (british)virgin islands (u.s.)wallis and futuna islandswestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe







			x			






























