



































































    
    radio broadcaster | atlanta, ga | dr. love radio
  
  















                  

 

 

   



 

   



 







    

  

listen live


     home



  resources



  blog



  podcast






   

contact us








    
 





       add your custom html here
    

 

 

 

 

   









     

listen live

  

contact us




   

  


 we gotta get it togetherlove internet record
http://cast5.servcast.net:4299/;stream.mp3ph
 radio broadcaster in atlanta, ga

  

resources




   greetings and welcome to dr. love radio. if you’re looking to get an engaging radio personality with a recognizable voice and a broad network of show business industry connections on your team, you’ve come to the right place. with an enduring love of american music, especially blues, jazz, and gospel, and an abundance of wisdom gained from world travel, dr. love radio would be an asset to any organization or private, public, corporate, or civic event. call us today in atlanta, ga, and start feeling and hearing “the love“ today! 



    who is dr. love radio? 

dr. love radio is owned and operated by tom davis. a veteran of the broadcasting and entertainment industry, mr. davis has engineered, managed, programmed, and trained on-air personalities and administrative staff at small and major market radio stations around the nation, including:
 kkfi (kansas city)kabf (little rock)knon (dallas)
...and more
one of our proudest achievements was spearheading a campaign to raise funds to increase the power of community radio station wrfg-fm (atlanta) to 100,000 watts. while at wrfg, mr. davis created a program called ‘world party’ featuring music from around the globe, which was broadcast live from europe, central & south america, the caribbean, and africa. 
  




 



    internet radio pioneer

dr. love radio was multi-cultural before it was cool, and was at the forefront of live streaming radio while the internet was still in its infancy! today, you can enjoy hip hop, r&b, gospel, blues, jazz, and other genres across the nation from our headquarters in atlanta, ga, courtesy of an on-air personality with: 
      























live streaming of concerts and festivals 

   


a long history on the local and regional music scene

   


expertise in all facets of the entertainment industry






     



  the next big thing could be you 

we are currently looking for bands and solo artists to perform all types of music, including international, asian, latin, caribbean, african, hip hop, r&b, gospel, blues, and jazz. if you are interested call
(678) 613-7681 or email
tdavis@dr-love.com and ask about the great atlanta talent search. 



    upcoming events


check out new and upcoming events from dr. love radio!
 
      

    

button






    

    

button






    

    

button







     

    

button












   

   


 need a keynote speaker or sound engineer for your next event? call us! 

  

contact us








        

contact us




   
    

 

 

 

 




(678) 613-7681
tdavis@dr-love.com
stone mountain, ga






















































































  
  share by:










