






bonanza opal mines – the brightest opals in the world



































 










 


sign in your account to have access to different features




username



password



							 remember me						




forgot your password?







forgot your details?




username or email


 



aah, wait, i remember now!




 



 




questions? call: (775) 941-0111 

login








 













 






bonanza opal minesthe brightest opals in the world 




year round (775) 969-3616 in season (775) 941-0111								
																	email: info@bonanzaopals.com


								bonanza opal mines, inc.43255 sagebrush creek rd. - denio, nevada								


open in google maps








 

























we're open for fee digging in 2024.come dig for opals this year at bonanzaget lucky and find your own treasuresvirgin valley opals are the brightest in the worldfun for the whole familykids love bonanzacelebrate your birthday digging for opalswe're the best value in the valleytake your opals and memories with youcome dig at bonanzaor relax—it's your choicevisit bonanzagooch table after a stormvisit bonanza and all that virgin valley has to offer.bonanza is located just below the horn (right tip) of gooch table.



prev



next

 
 







 open to fee diggers 2024!we plan to open for fee digging fridays through sunday starting may 25. we will also be open monday on memorial day, independence day (thursday through sunday), and monday labor day. please check back for updates as the season approaches.download our brochure for more information and directions 










 plan your trip and visit bonanza. there are a lot of reasons to come to virgin valley.besides just opals and digging fun 










 we'll take care of youwe'll show you what to look for and how to find it. bring your own tools or rent from us.fee digging factsfree camping and swimmingthe historic virgin valley campground was built by the civilian conservation corps during the american depression. a swimming pool and bath house are fed by a natural warm spring. there's fresh water available and pit toilets.

find more places to stay 




 directions to bonanzawe're in the middle of nowhere, but that's where it's all happening in virgin valley.find your way herewildlife and more to see!the virgin valley is home to antelope, a wide variety of species of birds, and beautiful flowers. come in the late spring for the greatest population of water fowl. there's no hunting, but there is fishing in the dufurrena ponds, at a special pond for kids, and the local reservoirs.discover virgin valley 




 plan your tripbonanza is located in the northern nevada great basin. be sure to bring what you need to stay comfortable and safe. what you need to bringso much to do in virgin valleyenjoy exploring the wonders of the virgin valley. soak in bog hot springs. hike through 1000 creek gorge—a huge crack in the ground a short hike from the campground. explore the top of gooch table above the mine.  explore the wild lands around bonanza opal mine.explore the area 





pictures from virgin valley, nevadawe are the best value in the valley for opals. there are many mines in the valley. some opals pictured below are from other mines or found by bonanza shareholders at the mine. 

 






 


interested in being a shareholder?enjoy more digging opportunitiesextra training, protective clothing, and adherence to rules required. 




 


learn how to work virgin valley opalcheck our informationopal of all kinds requires patience, skill, and time to work properly. if you've got all these and luck, you can turn out some beautiful pieces. 




 


resources for clubs and rockhoundsdownloadable and other contentwe offer free content for your club meetings, newsletter, and events. your are welcome to use it with permission.  you will also find other interesting resources here. 





 





get social

copyright © 1996-2020  bonanza opal mines, inc.® all rights reserved. 








top





















