
































































wiscnews | breaking news | read the regional and community headlines for portage, baraboo and beaver dam wisconsin.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















0°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























our sites


baraboo news republic



beaver dam daily citizen



columbus journal



juneau county star-times



portage daily register



reedsburg times-press



sauk prairie eagle



wisconsin dells events




news


local



crime and courts



state & regional



politics



business



national



news-tip




obituaries


recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives



share a story




opinion


columnists




sports


high school



baseball



basketball



football



college



professional




lifestyles


celebrations



comics



contests



dining



event calendar



fashion



food & cooking



games and puzzles



health



get healthy



home & garden



music



outdoors



parenting



people



pets



play



travel




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




buy and sell


place an ad



jobs



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




print edition


baraboo e-edition



beaver dam e-edition



portage e-edition



e-edition archives




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



subscriber services



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









0°
clear
























        
        
            wyocena's new adult day care center supports needs of clients and their caregivers

a new adult day care center, which opened in wyocena last month, is providing daily care to adults in need, while helping to reestablish a sense of normalcy to the lives of their at-home caregivers.

















        
        
            beaver dam's swan syncro skate returns for 30th year of celebrating the sport

the beaver dam family center will be filled with synchronized skating fans on saturday as the 30th annual swan sycro skate brings some of the best skaters in the midwest to town.

















        
        
            portage declares snow emergency for this weekend

beginning at 4 a.m. saturday, parking in the city of portage will be prohibited on all signed snow routes. starting at 5 a.m., parking will be prohibited on all other streets until monday morning, or until the snow emergency is cancelled.

















        
        
            baraboo's interim police chief, sergeant among 3 finalists for city's top cop

baraboo police capt. ryan la broscian and sgt. mark wichner, along with former milwaukee police lt. justin carloni, are the three finalists for baraboo police chief.

















        
        
            baraboo high principal steve considine to serve as interim district superintendent

steve considine, the baraboo high school principal, will serve as interim baraboo school district superintendent for the rest of the 2024-25 school year after rainey briggs' resignation.

















        
        
            wendy's brings its square burgers to baraboo

a wendy's restaurant opened on feb. 6 on the southwest side of baraboo.

















        
        
            portage's aspirus hospital to hold menopause education program

aspirus health in portage is inviting people to sign up for the latest installment of its community education program series, which will provide people with information on what to expect as well as symptoms and treatment options for menopause. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            wisconsin football's newest quarterback on transitioning to a new offense, transfer portal


















        
        
            green bay prison would close, waupun renovated under gov. tony evers' budget



















        
        
            world reacts to trump's announcement to 'take over' gaza strip















                
                the latest



















        
        
            artist creates a snow labyrinth in madison

landscape artist anne drehfal creates a 150-foot labyrinth in madison's olin park, feb. 13, 2025. 





















        
        
            southern wisconsin neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in wiscnews.com 




















        
        
            green bay prison would close, waupun renovated under gov. tony evers' budget

evers' proposal would spend $245.3 million to convert waupun's prison into a medium-security institution that would become the state's first "vocational village" facility.




















        
        
            update: cold weather advisory affecting wisconsin until tuesday midday

the national weather service issued an updated cold weather advisory at 2:28 a.m. on monday valid from 9 p.m. until tuesday noon. the advisory is for the madison area as well as marquette, green lake, fond du lac, sheboygan, sauk, columbia, dodge, washington, ozaukee, iowa, jefferson, waukes…












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            predicting national league's top comeback player in 2025




















        
        
            artist creates a snow labyrinth in madison




















        
        
            wisconsin men's basketball coach 'impressed' with team after upset of purdue




















        
        
            all-city spelling bee ends in vocab standoff












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            3 things that stood out in wisconsin women's basketball's win over penn state

the badgers put an end to their four-game losing skid with a road win over struggling penn state. 




















        
        
            3 things that stood out as wisconsin men's hockey skid reaches 6 games

the badgers have been outscored 16-2 in the third period in their last six games, all losses that were close entering the final 20 minutes.




















        
        
            wisconsin men's basketball loses key backup, gains another as walk-on guard breaks out

redshirt freshman guard jack janicki stepped up like he hadn't before when thrust into a backup point guard role with senior guard kamari mcgee ejected early against purdue.





















        
        
            wisconsin men's basketball coach 'impressed' with team after upset of purdue

the badgers pulled off a stunning upset of the boilermakers on saturday, withstanding a "rocky" first half to control the rest of the game. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            don’t make yourself sick: check out these tips to avoid foodborne illness

get healthy. according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention, foodborne illnesses affect 48 million americans each year.












partner








        
        
            the un‘friend’ly side of social media

get healthy. here are some helpful tips on how to keep your family and yourself safe online.












partner








        
        
            cardio + strength training = the ideal workout combination

get healthy. here’s an explanation of why strength training is so important, and how much of each component it might take to add up to the perfect workout.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            mbe cpas



                                        1136 e. main street, reedsburg, wi 53959
                                    






 website






























        
        
            mbe cpas



                                        200 boon boulevard, neillsville, wi 54456
                                    






 website






























        
        
            castle rock realty



                                        104 w. state st., mauston, wi 53948
                                    



 website

































×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


baraboo news republic

beaver dam daily citizen

columbus journal

juneau county star-times

portage daily register

reedsburg times-press

sauk prairie eagle

wisconsin dells events

get healthy




services


advertiser services

subscriber services

legal

place an ad

project public notice

work here

online features

become a carrier

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        wiscnews, 1901 fish hatchery rd madison, wi 53713
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alert

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























