





keswick hall | a luxury resort in charlottesville virginia






































































skip to main content





stay


guest rooms


offers


gallery


property highlights


virtual tour


about




dine


marigold by jean-georges


the counter


crawford's




gather


weddings


meetings


events




holiday celebrations


experience


hotel guide


plan your visit


where to go




spa


valmont




club


reside


press


upcoming events











reservations & hotel: 434-979-3440
marigold by jean-georges: 434-284-4200
701 club drive  /  keswick, virginia 22947



            reserve
          

              explore real estate
            

























        reserve
      


          explore real estate
        















stay dine gather experience








welcome to keswick hall
a luxury resort experience in charlottesville virginia
escape to keswick hall, a premier luxury resort in virginia, where elegance meets unparalleled comfort. nestled amidst the blue ridge mountains, our resort offers world-class accommodations, fine dining, a luxurious spa, and a championship golf course. experience the ultimate blend of comfort and sophistication at keswick hall—where every moment is designed to redefine luxury.










stay



imagine beginning each day in the plush comforts of a contemporary, sophisticated boutique hotel room where mountain vistas greet you every morning. our luxury accommodations in charlottesville, va feature plush duxiana mattresses and bespoke red flower amenities. awaken each morning refreshed and indulge in pure relaxation nightly during your stay. unwind in a retreat all your own at keswick hall.

learn more











experience



keswick hall welcomes you to a world of unforgettable experiences. play a challenging front nine on our 18-hole full cry golf course by pete dye or enjoy a daily harvest from local farms. for an incomparable dining experience in charlottesville, savor an inspired meal crafted by visionary chef jeangeorges vongerichten. pursue your passions at our iconic, and historic resort near the blue ridge mountains.
local attractions










gather



toast to an occasion unlike any other set amid the scenic rolling valleys and lushly landscaped grounds of this newly reimagined charlottesville, va destination, a cherished setting for your wedding, meeting, or event. whether seeking an impressive venue for a corporate gathering or a romantic backdrop to exchange your sacred vows, this is where timeless memories are made.
explore options











dine




the cuisine at marigold by jean-georges reflects a passionate commitment to fresh, local and organic ingredients. the menu changes often to offer sustainable and seasonal produce that is at its peak – much of it grown at our own nearby farm. meat, fish and dairy are locally sourced, where possible, from humanely treated, pasture-fed animals free of antibiotics and hormones.
learn more










wellness



mindfully designed to embrace both the wonders of nature and the latest advances in wellness, the keswick hall spa offers holistic spa experiences for body, face, hair and nails, as well as a refined curation of clean beauty products, apparel and gifts.
learn more







keswick hall welcomes guests of all abilities. completely updated in 2020, the resort is fully accessible and compliant with the department of justice 2010 ada standards for accessible design. for more information on accessibility, please see our accessibility statement.














the latest and best from us






sign up



 i have read and agree to the privacy policy.
      





seasonal. social. sharing.











reach out and connect
reservations & hotel: 434-979-3440 
marigold by jean-georges: 434-284-4200
the spa at keswick hall: 434-923-4371
701 club drive  /  keswick, virginia 22947








            careers
          

            press
          

            sitemap
          

            privacy policy
          

            accessibility
          


keswick hall and marigold restaurant gift cards

© copyright 2025 keswick hall
















