


california apprenticeship coordinators association



















home
about apprenticeship
women in the trades
career counselors
regionalchapters
learning express library














































      frequently asked questions
      career worksheet


air conditioning & refrigeration
asbestos
automotive
boilermaker
bricklayer
carpenter
cement masons
communications technicians
construction inspectors
culinary & pastry
drywall-lathing
electrician
firefighters
floor coverer
glazier
hardwood floor layer
heat & frost insulator
heavy duty coach mechanic
ironworker (field)
ironworker (shop)
laborer
landscaper-utility fitters
lithographers
machinists
meat cutters-sausage makers
mill cabinet
millwrights
operating engineer
painter
piledrivers
plasterer
plumber
pointer/cleaner/caulker
power lineman
roofers & waterproofers
sheet metal
solar turbines
sound & communication
sprinkler fitter
stationary engineer
steamfitters
surveyors
taper
tile finishers
trolley






welcome


a union apprenticeship is an excellent career choice if you like to work with your hands; are willing to serve an apprenticeship for up to five years, depending on the trade you select; have dexterity, mechanical ability, problem-solving skills and the ability to work collaboratively with a team; want to earn a living wage and good benefits; and want the opportunity to advance in your career. 


become skilled in a trade, and get paid to do it - "earn while you learn!"
paid "scholarship" - no or low-cost supervised training
full-time employment with career placement built in
progressively increasing wage with excellent benefits
nationally recognized credential - completion of apprenticeship certificate
improved job security and standard of living
opportunity for college credit and/or associate degree
pride and dignity


more about apprenticeship »


women of iron


the ironworkers training facility located in benicia california sponsored a hands-on welding training session for women this spring. the gladiator women program was spear headed by dick zampa, director of the ironworkers apprenticeship program in northern california. ironworker retirees stepped up to assist in the training targeted toward women seeking a trade experience prior to entering a formal apprenticeship program.


the two hundred and twenty-four hour training included a starting orientation on tool identification, lifting, measuring, layout of steel and plan reading. the hands-on experience focused on hand and power tools, oxy fuel cutting, layout, fit up and shielded metal arc welding (smaw).



women participants came from a variety of sources: community colleges, pre-apprenticeship programs, community based organizations and referrals from the apprenticeship community. 


a diverse group of women participated in the program. their com-ments on why they were there all carried the common threads of change, opportunity and empowerment.


by entering a union trade women have an opportunity to gain valuable skills and employment that can change their lives with deep personal and economic empowerment. women working in the union trades is a tradition that is here to stay. the national women building california and the nation conference is being held in sacramento, california on may 19th and 20th. the conference is celebrating it’s 11th year as a state wide con-ference and it’s 2nd year nationally!



calapprenticeship.org salutes all of our union tradeswomen.


for more information on women in the trades check out our women in the trades page.


women participating in the 2012 program:

renee aguilar-moreno, shane bell, chante boone, helen crittenden, christina dauer, jennifer duncan, barbara ferroni, kelly frydendal, althea gonzalez, jane gray, veronica greenhouse, dashell harris, christanthia hines, jacqueline jennings, thelma jimenez, teresa regalado, georgia silva, julia sauer, amanda snyder, stephanie spence.


for information on future "gladiator women" training sessions go to: www.universityofiron.org




















©2008-2014 calapprenticeship.org



privacy policy | terms of use










