





ambassador records


welcome to ambassador records


located in oshawa, ontario, canada
(905) 579-7476



bookmark our new address    
www.ambrec.com



 
 

services provided to our
clients






ambassador records is a full service professional
multitrack recording studio located in oshawa, ontario, canada. it is owned
and operated by paul and linda evans. ambassador records has been in operation
since 1977 and has undergone many upgrades and facelifts over the years
to keep in step with the ever changing needs of the music industry. we
endeavour to provide our clients with the highest level of service and
quality products. we record a variety of musical styles specializing in
country, gospel and adult contemporary.

for further information on our services and artists
at our email
address.

services
- multi track digital and midi recording
- competitive studio pricing
- experienced recording engineer
- professional musicians and producers
available
- custom cd packages - burned and
pressed cd's available
- custom cd graphic packages from
single panel cd sleeve/tray card to 24 page booklets / digipaks available
on a regular basis we send out an
email newsletter  updating you on who is in session at ambassador
records, newly released cd's, artists performance schedules, and also let
you know about special events happening or coming to your area.
studio equipment
- 2 - da-38 digital recorders
- multi-track recording with pro
tools
- we still have our teac 90-16
analog recorder available
- 7 piece tama drum kit - isolated
drum booth
- baby grand piano
- yamaha p70 full keyboard
- variety of effects units including
yamaha rev 7, yamaha spx90, yamaha piano effects module, eq's, imager/exciter....and
more...
- variety of microphones including
neumann u87, sennheiser, shure, pearl, akg, behringer, audio-technica...and
more...
- jbl monitors and speakers
- variety of headphones

thank you visiting our web site.
we look forward to hearing from you!


 
home
pages
recording
studio


