ï»¿







drakkar91.com, history, lodging, author, book, postcards, 54, asbury park, christopher clay, walt disney






 











 







recent reviews by christopher c.

what's this?





 


get social with me...















 






welcome to drakkar91.com! my 
site began construction in the late 1990's on a once well-known community known 
as  
geocities 
(rip 2009).  slightly re-imagined throughout the years, my site was long 
overdue for an overhaul.  often delayed by things in life known as work, 
friends, obligations - even relaxation.  here you'll find the components 
that have garnered the most interest and traffic. but in a world where more is 
less, most of the original pieces still exist (the archives).  explore, 
enjoy.  and check out my alter-ego 
vj chris videos.  
hurricane sandy / new jersey shore in memory & 
tribute videos
the 2012 devastation to the 
east coast from hurricane sandy is leaving emotional scars for people around the 
world, especially those connected to the area.  as a child of the jersey 
shore, i grew up enjoying the towns and beaches from cape may & wildwood in the 
south to seaside heights and asbury park moving north.  my family all still 
resides in new jersey, and are all safe and (back) in their homes.  i created some videos in tribute and memory to the place i still call 
home.  you'll find 
it on my vimeo page.
photo 
galleries (more images public on my 
facebook page ... 
www.facebook.com/drakkar91)











san diego california including shelter island and coronado beach

(2015)





urban exploration - the 
campbell inn, roscoe ny, in the catskills (2014)





 1st car cruise of 
2012, north st paul minnesota







urban exploration, abandoned beachwood shopping center, bayville nj 
(2012)






a minnesota summer 2012
mn renaissance festival, state fair & urban exploring





 trip 
to san antonio texas, june 2012






about me in a sentence:  i 
grew up on the new jersey shore, and maintain a strong connection to it, as well 
as my roots; i enjoy video production, history with an emphasis on hotels, 
animal rights / protection, and human rights.
first of all, shop local 
whenever you can.  keep independent book stores, coffee houses, shops and 
restaurants alive.  and buy a newspaper at least once a week.  but for 
those who live in the online world (i reside in both), please use these links if 
you're buying online, as they help support this site.  
for instance, you can purchase my 
friend dennis' book "convergence: when the living clash with the dead" 
exclusively at  
paranormal books & curiosities 
in asbury park, and the monmouth university bookstore in long branch nj.  and of 
course, you can purchase it online.   "a healer's voice" by my friend and teacher jaentra green 
gardener is published "on demand", in part, out of respect for the earth.  
jaentra founded the 
healing hands network, based in st paul 
minnesota.  i have read 
portions of each book (anyone that knows me well knows how long it takes me to 
read a book from start to finish).  what i have read is wonderful, and i 
can recommend them all!




 






 








 

         



 



 



 
 


 






help save the
		gray wolf. give them
		a chance.

 



i voted in every
		presidential
		election.
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 






contact me * 
about me * vintage postcards *
history *
my dad *
cape may nj 
* 
my cat drakkar
â©2001 to 2017 christopher 
clay


