


visual writer: professional writing skills. nations agenda: informative articles and commentaries on government, economics, guns, climate change....




















  professional writing skills   







 
please enable javascript to view the 

comments powered by disqus.







 
 










--------------------major sections---------------------
visual writer
nations agenda 
movie production
resources
about-legal
search

























visual writer menu

pro
screen writing
advanced
human condition

story ideas




•  where to begin? characters? plot? concept? theme? idea? where?
•  story ideas sparks for creating your own story.
•  format make a page look like a screenplay.
•  scenes and drama make a scene and be a drama queen.
•  beware! keep your screenplay out of the waste basket.
•  5 power points "must haves" that ignite screenplays.
•  dialogue make your characters talk right.
genre should i write a comedy, drama, dramady...?
•  emotional distance create the right emotional distance.
•  critiquing help without bruising.


magic secrets that sell screenplays
•  levitation make your screenplay rise to the top.
•  rewriting practice the best kept secret of the successful.
•  originalitystretch your skills

uh-oh!

•  talking too muchhelp! my characters won't shut up.
•  focus - concept focus the story that loses power in all directions.
•  twenty problems fix the top twenty problems.



•  advanced page raise writing skills to a very accomplished level.
•  symbols and motifs finesse!
•  writers craft writer's views on the craft of writing.

•  what is visual? what it means to make writing visual: power.

•  character/situation base the story on character, situation, or events?

•  engage audience boredom or electrifying results.

•  show vs tell prime directive - mark of the experts.

•  using symbols symbols communicate, if you know how to use them.



dorian's picks
•  writing sequences developing scenes into a story.
•  series on visual articles on aspects of visual writing.

•  purpose of dialogue help! i still can't write dialogue.


characterization
•  realism how real should characters and events be?
•  honesty making real characters that audiences like.
•  raise the dead should characters suffer? take off the velvet gloves.
•  original plots nothing new under the sun? think again.



•  main page explore what writers write about: the human conditon



series
•  meaning in life finding personal meaning in life and characters.

•  alienation what drives people apart, and brings them together.

•  peace series can there be peace among people and nations?

•  traditions symbols that add meaning to our lives.




•  pro writing home page



•  life is funny so laugh at it! shadow-boxing with real life.



•  story ideas thought provoking ideas - a spark just to get started.


what's new? 








•  getting from hack to pro where are you now, and can you get there
the podcast: youtube



•  movie review: horizon: an american saga - chapter 1


•  is your idea worth writing? 7 signs you have a good story idea on screencraft magazine.


•  dorian (author of this website) is writing two columns a week for age 18 to 30 on patheos - new generations explore faith. this website is temporarily on pause. please enjoy the 25 years of articles on this website covering all aspects of writing and communications. 


•  polarization and effective communications. pdf. polarization has become the major issue of this century. how do we resolve issues when we can't communicate? after 14 years of working with this issue, we finally have some solutions. this is a pdf. 

 think like a producer: a full vision statement for your play, novel, or screenplay. new series for may-june, 2021 about what producers, agents, and even contests look for in a story: #1. creating the powerful story, what's the most important element in a story?

•   what screenwriting competitions want, presented by coverfly (links offsite) 


•  greatest acting monologues of all time (youtube), the actors academy part 1, part 2, part 3, part 4. if you want to be a good screenwriter or playwright, learn to act, then you'll know how to present drama visually.

just for fun, free: you can follow, rate, and possibly comment on stories dorian writes one chapter-episode at a time on: fictionate. i do this to get audience feedback on what may become a published novel, play, or screenplay. 

•   blah, blah, blah. 

a career in communications  is it right for you? 

•   if you haven't discovered the benefits of a coverfly subscription for screenwriters  well, you should. not affiliated with this web site in any way, but i judge contests through it. 

set yourself up for success:  overcome procrastination and failure to launch. 

•  pro: pixar is one of the most successful storytellers they share their secrets in this free khanacademy youtube video series links offsite.

pro: what vexes you? write about it - it will interest others. 
•  say it visually.
pro: professionals fail a lot some things they fail at, and some they do very well

you're welcome here!
欢迎光临
, ¡bienvenido!
, namaste!
, swaagatam!
, broochim habaim!
, selamat datang!
, willkommen!
, sveiki!
, welkom!
, bienvenue!
, shalom!
, ¡bienvenida!
, dga' bsu!
, hosgeldiniz!
, bem-vindo!
, huanying!
, benvenuto!
, g'day!
, latcho drom!
, välkommen!
, welkom!
, mubuhay!
, bonvenon!
, kööwôôkwas!
, kalosirthate!
, dobro pozalovat!
, usuhoshipsiyo!
, miresevini!
, merhba! 
, sambutan!
, youkoso!
, hos geldiniz!
, benvingut!
, wealdià!
, croeso!
, bon biní!
, olá!
, fáilte!
, witajcie!
, hey!
, ongi etorri!
, velkommen!
, barka da zuwa!
, byenveni! 
, dobro dojdovte!
, cead mile fáilte!
, anyong!
, assalam-o-alaikum!
, bine ati venit!
, ahlan!
, karibu! 
, tervetuloa!
, groetjes!
, ekabo!
, aloha!
, bine ati venit! 
, haere mai!
, keuwawata!
, ha'ándáh
, aya aya!
, komeekha!
, yah aninááh!
, 'á-cim!
, myu!
, bozho!
, va'ohtama!
, ant chukoa!
, hau koda!
, she:kon!
meanings










 how to write a screenplay 
free. basic guide
smashwords






 thriller. pandemic. waking nightmares, distorted time perception, comas with no cure. 
smashwords
amazon






careers. preparing for the future of work, education, economy. (one year of research and writing.) free.
smashwords
amazon






legal mystery. people with endless problems hide the truth to protect others.
smashwords
amazon






new adult. romantic comedy. mature themes. romance strikeout compels a man to fully immerse himself in a 3d environment.
smashwords






fantasy. second chance in hell means rescuing others.
smashwords
amazon






christian plays. childrens sermons.
smashwords







christmas comedy. an unscrupulous lawyer blunders into christmas with the wrong attitude. 
smashwords






























main sections: 



movie stream productions
coming soon!movie stream productions content.



nations agenda
nations agenda™ - constructive thought on topics of today
informative articles and commentaries on government, economics, climate change....
what should we tell our children about trampling justice? opinion, nations agenda™
guns and the us constitution



free advice fridays by new shelves .com
publishing industry and marketplace insights
new shelves . com
publishing industry and marketplace insights blog
13 great resources for self-publishers
development, line, and copy editors, and proofreaders. designers. children's books. marketing, sales, social media. crazy business advice. inspiration and advice.
facebook writers group
active, disciplined, informative on all aspects of writing
writers group - patreon for creators
active, disciplined, informative on all aspects of writing
publish chapter-episode one at a time, or an entire book, for pay
vocal
kindle vella
fictionate






 




site directory index
professional writing skills
critiques
what kind of world are we creating?
how to
human condition
story ideas
motivational writing
read for fun
nations agenda
 :
 :



copyright © 1994 - today, for all content.



