




mauritius welcomes you: the official site for mauritius



























































skip to content





 















toggle navigation





home
what to see & do 

regions

north
south
east
west
inland


history
nature

beaches
marine life


eating out
activities

shopping
deep sea fishing
golf
spas
tour operator
honeymoon




where to stay
general info 

mauritius embassies
info desk


 





search for:


 















discover mauritius






mauritius will enchant you, will uplift your soul, making you feel that you belong to the chosen few. every visitor enjoys personal attention. every encounter is an opportunity to discover a friendly face. behind each smile lies the promise of a unique holiday. the contrast of a multitude of colours and tastes, the island, set in its turquoise sea, is an oasis of peace and tranquillity. mauritius, a melting pot where past and present are smoothly blended together, offers an essential beauty that will compel to return to its shores time and time again. may your stay with us remain engraved in your memory forever.









what's on mauritus
the birdwatcher’s guide to mauritiusmauritius is famous for many things: its vibrant culture, chequered history, sugar and textile industries and of course, it’s pristine beaches and stunning lagoons. but what many people don’t know is that it’s a veritable treasure trove of natural wonders for those who love to discover unique and unusual flora …read more >an insider’s guide to mauritian beachesmauritius’s beautiful beaches are a key draw – and with over 160km-worth, including a calm lagoon almost entirely encircled by coral reef, you won’t have to go far to find one. all beaches are public, with parking areas and toilets, although hotels have subtly claimed the best ones. the north …read more >mauritius – exhilarating adventureslooking for an adventure in the midst of nature? you are at the right place! mauritius is known for its natural beauty and scenic views. so feast your eyes with panoramic scenery joining any of the exciting half day or full day excursions offered on this page. here you will …read more >singapore and mauritius celebrate air corridorsingapore and mauritius will elevate and celebrate the air corridor signed between both nations last year, with a sports and donations day. in a media release from the mauritius government, it is noted the aim of the events will be to promote the air corridor. in the context of the …read more > 

categoriesthings to do
places to see
restaurants
beaches
where to stay
recent poststhe birdwatcher’s guide to mauritiusmay 19, 2022an insider’s guide to mauritian beachesseptember 7, 2021mauritius – exhilarating adventuresapril 18, 2020singapore and mauritius celebrate air corridornovember 15, 2019rainbow of mauritian foodmarch 1, 2019 









what to see & do
where to stay
general info
 

info desk
terms of use
news
 

 book now  







scroll up







