







maui wedding photographer | emma whitney










































































































              home
            

            about
          

weddings


family


              packages
            

            contact
          







back


            candids
          

            portraits
          



back


            family gallery
          

            maternity gallery
          











































































homeabout
weddings

candids
portraits


family

family gallery
maternity gallery

packagescontact







 maui wedding photographer | emma whitney











scroll






  









 







 

“i love being able to mirror the love i see back to people, so they can see it in themselves” 

 


























viewweddinggallery
engagement, wedding, anniversary…















viewfamilygallery
family , maternity, luau, vacation…





 






 











photo by cadence

 

mauiweddingphotographerlife is so precious, it goes by so fast! i love how photography freezes moments so that i can go back to them and remember, in my body, what it felt like. they make me laugh and cry and fill with love and longing and gratitude. having photos of my life is such a gift to have and to go back to. it is truly priceless. i think about the significance of it every time i am capturing moments for people, you never know how important the images will be until you go to look back upon them. they are heirlooms, ties to your loved ones. they are beautiful memories forever saved. -emma whitney




    learn more
  

 






google+ reviewsread what my clients are saying




    reviews
  



inquirei'd love to chat with you 




    contact
  








maui client testimonialswe often talk about and look at our picture book from our time in maui and our special 30th wedding anniversary. what a great trip we had and wonderful pictures to remember that special day! 
     -theresaemma photographed our maui wedding. her approach was very effortless and organic. we never really had to pose for the photographs, which made things feel very natural. i was blown away when we received our photos. emma really captured the beauty and emotion behind every moment. emma has a unique gift of telling a story with her photographs. i believe she sees the inherent beauty in the subjects she photographs, and that really comes through in her work. i couldn’t be happier with our wedding photos, a gift we can appreciate for a lifetime.  
     ~jaime and redaemma has been our go-to maui family photographer for years. her peaceful and loving presence makes each experience such an effortless pleasure. emma has a gifted ability to capture the beauty and emotion of a moment. we will forever treasure the stylish and artful photographs that she’s made for our family over the years. she has illustrated our family’s journey and for that we’ll be forever grateful.
     ~laurence and amymy daughter and i had a blast taking prenatal photos with emma! we laughed the whole time. the photos came out beautifully, and she had them ready in less then a week! we choose emma every time an opportunity arises. my husband has her art work in his office, and my home has the family portraits she has taken over the years. it is always a pleasure to work with her. she is professional and the quality of her work is outstanding. i highly recommend her. 
     ~kate and jasoni just finished looking at our maui wedding photos with zelie - they are fantastic! we love them! you’re amazing - we never even saw you, and yet you were everywhere and captured everything! thank you’re amazing! didn’t ever realize just how beautiful it all was until i saw through your eyes/lens..
      ~luciaemma, you did phenomenal! you are truly a master at your craft and you captured every special, funny, exciting and loving moment perfectly! i cannot express how much i love our wedding photos and can't wait to share with friends and family!!!! they all look so amazing! alex and i fell in love with all of them. 
     -claudiathank you so much!! we're just so in love with them all. thank you for being there and for all you did.i could not dream up better photos or photographer. we look forward to coming back to maui someday, would love to stay in touch for photos down the road too!!  much aloha,  
      -jess and coli








maui wedding photographer | emma whitney



new page



maui wedding photographer | gallery link



home about



new page



client testimonials | emma whitney photography


















 

follow the stories @emmawhitneyphotography 

 















































 

maui, hawaii | 808.446.0446 | emmabwhitney@gmail.com© emma whitney photography - maui wedding photographer

  



























 



emma whitney photography
15640 haleakala highway,
kula, hi, 96790,
united states
(808) 446 0446 
emmabwhitney@gmail.com


hours
mon open
tue open
wed open
thu open
fri open
sat open
sun open












