










under deck drainage system | dek drain




































































home
why dek drain
products

topside
underside
dog ear joist flashing system


how to order
for contractors

installation instructions


galleries

video gallery
installation gallery
outdoor gallery


testimonials
contact us

policies


glossary
blog
 


select page


  
 
 










double the use of your deckenjoy dry, functional space below
request a quote







our products
all dek drain® under deck drainage system products come with a fully transferable lifetime warranty, so you never have to worry about your investment being washed away.





topside® under deck drainage system
designed with new deck construction in mind, our patented topside® panels are attached to the top of your deck’s joists before any deck boards are fastened to create dry, functional, and hospitable space below. topside® captures rain that pours through the surface of your deck, while protecting the deck frame against moisture and deterioration. the dek drain panels are pre-cut to width and length (one panel for each bay) so there is no waste on your job. this provides the ultimate in deck drainage systems.

read more













topside®
designed with new deck construction in mind, our patented topside® panels are attached to the top of your deck’s joists before any deck boards are fastened to create dry, functional, and hospitable space below. topside® captures rain that pours through the surface of your deck, while protecting the deck frame against moisture and deterioration. the dek drain panels are pre-cut to width and length (one panel for each bay) so there is no waste on your job.

read more









underside®
under deck drainage system
protective panels – custom fabricated from a long-lasting, thick rubber membrane material and pre-cut to match your deck’s specific measurements – are attached to the bottom of your deck’s joists, capturing water that slips through the surface boards. intended for existing decks, our underside under deck drainage systems are easy to install without the use of sealants or caulk.

read more





underside® recessed
under deck drainage system
fitted up and into the bays formed between joists, our underside recessed system allows users to install a finished ceiling with lighting, fans, and additional electrical accessories under their decks.

read more













underside® recessed
fitted up and into the bays formed between joists, our underside recessed system allows users to install a finished ceiling with lighting, fans, and additional electrical accessories under their decks.

read more









dog ear joist flashing system
using the same materials as dek drain’s comprehensive topside® and underside® systems, our dog ear joist flashing system protects your deck’s frame against the elements, while allowing for simple and swift upgrades in the future. if you are not ready to install a full system at the moment, our dog ear flashing system provides the proper flashing necessary to install an underside system in the future. and without having to take up the deck boards!

read more







get a free estimate now

contact us today







why dek drain?our proprietary deck drainage systems create dry, functional space below your deck that has virtually unlimited uses, while mitigating damage from precipitation and moisture.

whether you plan to use your under-deck area for storage or to expand your living space with furniture, a finished ceiling, and more – dek drain® ensures that you won’t have to strip everything bare in 20 years and start all over again.
dek drain® is the only deck drainage system on the market offering a fully transferrable, limited lifetime warranty.
dek drain systems have been successfully installed in all 50 states and 7 foreign countries, and not a single claim has been filed to date.

 
learn more








why dek drain?our proprietary deck drainage systems create dry, functional space below your deck that has virtually unlimited uses, while mitigating damage from precipitation and moisture.

whether you plan to use your under-deck area for storage or to expand your living space with furniture, a finished ceiling, and more – dek drain® ensures that you won’t have to strip everything bare in 20 years and start all over again.
dek drain® is the only deck drainage system on the market offering a fully transferrable, limited lifetime warranty.
dek drain systems have been successfully installed in all 50 states and 7 foreign countries, and not a single claim has been filed to date.

 
learn more







we offer
affordable pricing
simple installation (no caulking, solvents, or glue required)
environmentally friendly and weather-resistant materials
the best under deck drainage system on the market

browse products







testimonials










the product went in great and is performing as promised.thank you for all your help and feedback on my first install. a great product with a great warranty. i will be a repeat customer as often as i am able. aaron emerson, contractor








we got all the material stapled down and it snowed over 4 inches one night (that’s a lot for us here in louisiana) before we started the decking portion of the project. even with all that weight, the staples held the material in place. got the boards down, it rained over a inch monday and not a single leak. everyone was very satisfied. shayne, contractor








i recently installed your product for a client and they love it. i enjoyed installing it and it was profitable.  jason harkness, builder








thanks for your understanding and assistance with my dek drain project. your solution of adding 2″x2″ to extend the drop bracing worked perfectly. we are looking forward to spending time underneath our new dry deck! it’s quite beautiful. everyone that sees it is amazed at how it is engineered and how great it looks! anthony (homeowner), ventura, ca










read more reviews







galleries
excited to get started? we’ve assembled a series of photo and video galleries that demonstrate the benefits of using dek drain, from how the system works to installation to finished projects, and more.





how dek drain works





installation





finished projects









for contractorscontractors who add dek drain to their service offerings not only benefit from system installs, but also subsequent enhancement deck drainage system projects, such as ceilings, lighting, fan installs, and much more.
detailed instructions accompany each and every project. should you have questions or concerns during the installation process, free, unlimited support courtesy of our knowledgeable staff is never more than a phone call or email away.
learn more









for contractorscontractors who add dek drain to their service offerings not only benefit from system installs, but also subsequent enhancement projects, such as ceilings, lighting, fan installs, and much more.
detailed instructions accompany each and every project. should you have questions or concerns during the installation process, free, unlimited support courtesy of our knowledgeable staff is never more than a phone call or email away.
learn more







blog











how to protect your deck investment during freeze-thaw cycles

dekdrainwinter weather can be tough on outdoor structures, especially decks. freeze-thaw cycles—when temperatures fluctuate above and below freezing—are particularly damaging, causing building materials to expand and contract. without proper protection, your deck’s...





new year, new goals: why dek drain is the ultimate investment for your deck’s longevity

dekdrainas the new year begins, it’s natural to think about resolutions, especially those that add value to our lives and homes. for many homeowners, making sound financial investments is top of mind. dek drain® offers the ideal solution, protecting your deck’s substructure...





tips for expanding your outdoor living space in the new year

dekdraintwinkling lights on trees, the promise of good cheer, and perhaps a hint of snow in the forecast. the holiday season has arrived. and while our thoughts turn to joyous homecomings and cozy nights by the fireside, it’s also the perfect time to start thinking about the...






read more blogs








reach us




6030 daybreak circlesuite a150.283clarksville, maryland 21029​






1-866-dek-drain(866) 335-3724












leave a message

name*


first



last

email*

phone*state*statealabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawarefloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingzip*message*captcha
  























proud member of























 
























copyright © 2025 dek drain. all rights reserved.  
  website by impact marketing & public relations   

 
 
 
free estimate 






































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.oknoprivacy policy



