







winchester bowl – get experience on sports shots



























































 



home 
newsfeed 
contact us 
privacy policy 














 
















 





winchaster bowl 

bowling is a sport for people who have talent to spare. 

contact now 


 













bowling strategy
learn the right way of bowling from the professionals and get
to know their secret strategies to twist your game for the win.








bowling rules
a step by step guide to understanding the rules of bowling
for beginners to become a professional level player.





skills
watch and enjoy the gambling skills of the professionals
and implement them in your games for better wins.










best known for bowling skills



learn the right bowling methods from the experienced coaches and known professional level players to gain confidence in your bowling game.


retrieving the bowling balllearn how bowling alley functions and what goes on behind the alley when your ball is recovered back to you. learn the aspects of the bowling alley with the pros.
proper stancepractice a proper posture for your bowling to improve your grip and balance in the game. maintain stability and focus in the game with easy tricks to master bowling.
approach & deliveryjoin our special classes where we conduct seminars by famous bowlers who make us understand how we should go ahead with bowling.






bowling skills















basic fundamentals for bowling















489tournaments




253club




300live scoring




17812winners









milestonescategories of bowling




10 pin bowling



learn the basic, point chart, and the rules of 10 pin bowling. it is a type of bowling which involves ten pins positioned at the far end of the wood or synthetic lane.




9 pin bowling



learn the european version of bowling which uses nine pins instead of 10 to make the game a little more interesting. learn how the game works and how it is different from 10 pin bowling.




5 pin bowling



learn the canadian bowling version, which involves only five pins. even though the game seems a lot easier, it is actually more difficult to knock the five pins down.




candlepin bowling



candlepin bowling is another variation of bowling which uses narrow pins that resemble candles and hence the name. learn the rules of this famous version of bowling from experts.




duckpin bowling



duckpin used a tricky bowling game which lacks the finger holes in the bowling balls. the balls with 3 lb 6 oz to 3 lb to 12 oz and are only as big as 5 inches in diameter.












latest news and updates









4 things you need to know about bowling
 

april 1, 2020


4 things you need to know about bowling
leisure can get engaging by indulging in your favorite activities, of which, sports would surely have the highest impact. unlike mainstream sports, bowling is the one that can entertain you always. it also is the sport that everyone can easily access from home since bowling centers are ubiquitous these days. an occasional visit to these centers and indulging in a game is an excellent way to spend your time, but if you are serious about it and want more of it, you will need to delve deeper into the world of bowling.
some of the facts and information regarding the game that most of the avid bowlers ignore are indeed valuable points to be kept in mind. you will need to get acquainted with the alley and every little movement that happens in there. there is no better way to excel at the game than playing it regularly and learning more about it. here are a few aspects that are often overlooked by bowlers, which have proven to be essential in understanding the flow of the game.
1.      choosing the bowling ball
the most baffling situation that the players come across while playing is of selecting the right ball for them. occasional bowlers can opt for the ball they wish since it is all about fun, but when you are in the league and want to win the games badly, you will need to go for the ball that suits you best. cover stock, the drilling pattern, and ideal weight are aspects that you need to determine before buying or picking a particular ball. it is always best to have a ball for yourself since that would make it easier for you to take the shots each time. you can get expert help at the pro sports shops.

2.      cover stock of bowling balls
one of the factors that you have to look out for in a ball is its cover stock; a term that not many bowlers might be familiar with. the cover stock will be different for different balls, which is designed so for its motion on the track. reactive resin, plastic, and urethane are the most common cover stocks in bowling balls, which the avid bowlers will buy to prepare for each shot. specializing in particular shots will need the cover stock that is suitable it. for the ball to hook a bit and be durable at the same time, use urethane cover stock. although durability is less, the hook potential is better in reactive resin; so is its pin action. for straight motion, it is always best to go for plastic.
3.      holding the bowling ball
the most important part of bowling is the way you hold the ball. there might be comfortable positions for you, but the ideal one is the convention grip. here, you need to put your thumb in the top hole and the ring and middle fingers in the side-by-side slots. by doing so, you are less likely to get injured, and the ball will travel at an ideal speed.

4.      scoring in a game of bowling
by keeping track of your score and that of your opponents, you will have a clear idea of how much more you need to score to win. although the machines will record the score, if you take a note of it, you can plan the number of spares and strikes required for the upcoming shots.



e. hudson

bowling

0 comment











5 reasons why you should start or join a bowling league
 

march 30, 2020


5 reasons why you should start or join a bowling league
stepping onto the bowling alley and trying out the sport always remains an exciting challenge. raise your spirits, slip into those shoes, and hit the pins with the ball; although not as easy as being said, fun is guaranteed. no recreational sport has generated as much bustle in the cities of the us as bowling has. league bowling is the star attraction in the gaming centers, and should undoubtedly be the joy-infusing activity you can find anywhere in the country.
if you are into winning the league, there is a category of players for you to compete with, whereas if you only want to experience the fun at the cost of even a few bucks, there surely is a different league tailor-made for you. options for leagues are plenty; you would only need to choose the right one for you and get your foot stomping on the alley. you could also set up a league for yourself at your center and play with your friends and desired opponents for as long as you want. but there are many more reasons that drive players to the bowling alley, of which, few are given below. check them out and see if any of those interest you for a game.

1.      meet other people
one of the biggest benefits of joining a bowling league is that you get to meet new people and connect with them in the course of the game. be it even with your family or friends, you are sure to spend some quality time with them and know more about each of them. interactions with strangers and other players is a great way to understanding more people and their perceptions, which will also help you in cultivating a better human within.
2.      benefits and comps at the bowling center
what most people receive unexpectedly are various incentives when they come over to centers for a bowling league. league appreciation weeks are offered in many centers, and the primary bonuses include a discount for drinks, food, and open bowling games. sign-up rewards are also common in some centers, which you need to look out for when entering a bowling league.

3.      bowling prizes
the avid bowlers would most often indulge in a bowling league for the money it offers. you can win a cash prize for the sport, which you can redeem after every season. some amount will be added to the initial amount you pay to play.
4.      exercise you enjoy
unlike the other physical activities in which you need to put in a considerable amount of effort, bowling is a sport that is so much fun that you forget to realize the fact that you are exercising some quality physical motions joyfully.
5.      a catharsis of sorts
one other factor that goes onto being beneficial at a subliminal level is the release of pressure from the daily chores. the bowling league, like any other recreational sport, possesses the ability to replace the stress with delight and tranquility in your headspace.



e. hudson

bowling league

0 comment











how to start your very own bowling league
 

march 25, 2020


how to start your very own bowling league
head to the nearest bowling center and slip your fingers into the three slots of the ball that spins to an unforgettable session. you have undoubtedly signed up for the best leisure activity by going in for the bowling league. euphoria spreads within you beyond an incomprehensible limit to take you on the ride of a purge. bowling leagues are much more than just the occasional fun and money you receive for the wins. you might have not across the possibility to own the fun and dive into it whenever you feel like having a taste of it. starting a league isn’t as a hard task as it may seem to be; consulting a gambling center nearby can help you to a great extent. let us have a closer look at what makes starting a bowling league for yourself a good idea, and tips on how to get it done.

how a bowling league for yourself can help
bowling leagues surely brings people together and guarantees a great time but does much more than that in the form of psychological and physical benefits. having a league for yourself will drive you more frequently to the bowling alley, and the activity will fill you with the much-needed joy and physical liberation. here are other factors that make your bowling league a beneficial one.

organizational skills will improve as time passes on every league. although the league does not demand much of your time and effort, it does require some attention since the schedule for the game and the players for each match have to be decided. you will also need to collect the fees from everyone involved in the league and regularly inform them about their forthcoming schedule.
by organizing a league, you get to interact with all the players. the scope for socialization is broader in the weekly bowling league. staying at home would be a cinch; to come out of that seclusion and to get along with the others is challenging.
play the game, and you will find many other changes happening within you like that of better physical fitness and the expulsion of stress.

how to get started
you very well know how having a league for yourself will help; the next step you need to take is that of creating one. here are the basic tips you must keep in mind before starting a bowling league.


the first thing you need to do is to contact your local bowling center and enquire about the details regarding starting a league. make sure to note all their instructions and follow them.
you will need six or more teams in your league, each having at least four players. backup should always be considered within the team, with multiple alternate players to replace the main one when they are unable to attend a week’s game.
name your league so that it appeals to the others.

apart from the league that you create, you will also need to create a season. by doing so, you will be playing for ten weeks straight. most of the bowling centers will require you to set up a league that lasts long since only such a 10-week season can make them some good money.



e. hudson

own bowling league

0 comment















  recent posts 

4 things you need to know about bowling


5 reasons why you should start or join a bowling league


how to start your very own bowling league


categories 
bowling

bowling league

own bowling league


get in touch661-277-5909info@winchesterbowl.comsearch



copyright © 2020 winchester bowl | all rights reserved.






















