department of informatics: indiana university bloomington





















skip to content
skip to main navigation
skip to search








indiana university bloomington
indiana university bloomington
iu bloomington











menu

about

how to apply
graduate application
funding opportunities



programs

b.s. in informaticscognates

undergraduate minors
undergraduate certificates
4+1 m.s. in animal informatics

m.s. informaticsanimal informatics

m.s. in human-computer interaction
accelerated m.s.i.s.

ph.d. in informatics
animal informatics
bioinformatics
complex networks and systems
computing, culture, and society
human-computer interaction/design
health informatics
intelligent and interactive systems 
security informatics
virtual heritage


ph.d. minors


courses
career prep
research
faculty directory

contactpeople directory



news

events
virtual chats
informatics colloquiums



student portal
who students should contact and when
graduate forms

associate instructor (ai) information
training acknowledgement
apply for an ai position


handbooks




                                school of informatics, computing, and engineering
                            





            luddy school of informatics, computing, and engineering
            
department of informatics


homeabouthow to applygraduate applicationfunding opportunitiesprogramsb.s. in informaticsundergraduate minorsundergraduate certificates4+1 programm.s. informaticsm.s. in human-computer interactionaccelerated m.s.i.s.ph.d. in informaticsph.d. minorscoursescareer prepresearchfaculty directorycontactpeople directorynewseventsstudent portal
informatics is about intersectionsit’s about using technology to solve problems by creating unique approaches and strategies to improve healthcare, battle poverty, protect the environment, and so much more.analyze customer data to present a better experience for users or offer opportunities for businesses to become more efficient. construct health information systems that will study the needs of doctors, nurses, patients, and health care organizations. take technology into the natural world to help map the human genome or develop ways to create clean, renewable energy.from music to mathematics, from psychology to security, informatics will give you the foundational skills needed to bridge the gap between technology and people. our programs provide students with the technical and practical knowledge needed to prepare you for a career in a high-demand field.what will you study?get a foundation in informatics and customize your experience with one of our degree programs.why does informatics matter?learn more about informatics and how it integrates into everyday life.where will you work?find out how an informatics degree can give you an advantage in your career—whatever field you choose.we innovatewe analyzewe visualizewe createwe seewe see tomorrowour faculty, your futurefrom solving complex biological problems to developing next-generation artificial intelligence, our faculty have a breadth and depth of informatics knowledge and experience that’s second to none. your future is in your hands—and they’re here to help you achieve your goals.meet our facultysawyer collinsph.d. in informaticstodayexploring the designs and uses of socially assistive robots to aid humans with depression and enrich the lives of non-human animals.
tomorrowestablish a laboratory to continue the development of assistive technologies for various populations. firstinformatics ph.d. in the united states96.2%of our recent 2022 bachelor’s recipients employed or enrolled in graduate school70%of our undergraduate students concentrate on informatics and businessinformatics doesn’t just prepare you for a job. it opens the door to a career. every new technology creates an opportunity for informatics to play a role, creating a tomorrow with endless opportunity and a limitless future.informatics will teach you the foundations of how technology works and how you can leverage those foundations on a broader scale to impact the world.animal informaticshelping animals live better lives through technologyanimal informatics studies how technology designed specifically for animals can improve their lives while also possibly benefiting humans.learn more about animal informatics






luddy in the news
					









ieee honors luddy’s lasassmeh for inspirational contributions 













luddy ph.d. graduate earns international dissertation honor













luddy school study to help women achieve peak athletic performance













visiting fulbright scholar uses 3d computer vision to study mexican cultural heritage













luddy career fair showcases hiring optimism













hci/d connect delivers real-world look at potential futures













luddy professor receives air force grant for ground-breaking research













no limits – iu luddy autonomous race team keeps pushing boundaries













fortune magazine rates luddy’s in-person data science master’s program among the nation’s best













luddy school celebrates class of 2024 winter graduates






see more news 





your tomorrow starts nowplan a visitapply today



department of informatics resources and social media channels 

service requests
luddy intranet




twitter
facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin











accessibility | college scorecard | privacy notice

 | 
copyright © 2025 the trustees of 
indiana university












