







	texas baptist children’s home




























toggle navigation






search



contact
volunteer
donate


home

homeservicesfamily care programhome base programhope counseling programwelcome home programchapel servicesways to supportfinancial supportitem donationsvehicle donationsget involvedcurrent needssharing good newsstories of faithministry publicationsministry videosabout usour missionleadershiptrusteesjoin our teamget in touch






search











































donate invest in change for the better



volunteer inspire hope for kids in your community



need help?  restore faith, restore families








who we are


texas baptist children’s home embraces children and families in need in order to empower and equip them for a promising future.

learn more








what we do
embrace. empower. equip.children and single mothers, and youth aging out of foster care or facing homelessness, who come to tbch are often lost, hurting, and hopeless, without a place to turn for help during their time of greatest need. our residential program provides a safe home and a stable family environment where they can learn, grow, and ultimately experience a happy, healthy future.















our impact
embrace. empower. equip.



225 servedin residence last year. 71 moms, 125 children & 29 young adults



73 years
                            of making a difference
					



11,203 hours
                            of individual, family & group counseling provided last year







lives changed



                        see firsthand how we’ve helped
thousands
					of
					
					children and families find hope.
				


read stories













                                    a fresh start
                                    
					            
truly, the transition between childhood and adulthood happens in the blink of an eye, as the clock strikes, marking an 18th birthday. for struggling...
read full story








                                    renewed confidence
                                    
					            
in the background is the sound of two happy boys playing together and occasionally interrupting with a question. danielle laughs playfully and helps...
read full story









get involved



                    join us on our mission to help
					
                    empower and equip those in need.
				

take action








volunteer

		we rely on volunteers to enrich the lives of those we serve and to strengthen our ministry.
	
view opportunities




donate



texas baptist children's home
all ministries
gracewood
miracle farm



make donation







need help?

		we embrace children and families in need in order to empower and equip them for a promising future.
	
view services




contact info

                    1101 n mays st. 
                    
                    round rock, tx 78664
                    

phone: 
                        512-255-3682
                    

email:info@tbch.org 

monday - friday: 8:00am to 5:00pm










trustees
acknowledgements
privacy policy
site map


copyright 2025 © texas baptist children’s home, inc.


facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin













search






homeservicesfamily care programhome base programhope counseling programwelcome home programchapel servicesways to supportfinancial supportitem donationsvehicle donationsget involvedcurrent needssharing good newsstories of faithministry publicationsministry videosabout usour missionleadershiptrusteesjoin our teamget in touch


	
		texas baptist children’s home
        1101 n mays st. 
        round rock, tx 78664 
512-255-3682




back to top










