
	united forming, inc | concrete construction company
location5mobileenvelope-oenvelopephoneuser1bubbles3warningcheckmarkarrow-up2arrow-left2right-chevron-2left-chevroncalendarcalendar-3telegramyoutube-6placeholdermaps-and-flagstelephone-1googleinstagramfacebooklinkedinlinkedintwitterswipetick-1worker-1engineer-1tower-cranebuildingssupportskylineconstruction-3bar-chartbarsprojectiondealcompanynewscareersprojectsservicesmarketslocationscompanynewscareersprojectsservicesformwork designsite logisticsdesign assistanceestimating and budgetingscheduling and planningforming systems expertisemarketscommercialhospitalityparking and decksresidentialgovernmenthealthcareeducationentertainmentlocationsatlanta area austin area dallas-fort worthraleigh areacharlotte areacontactthe first choice inconcrete construction
            since our founding in 1985, we have grown into one of the largest
            concrete structure builders in the southern united states
          
            serving the mid-atlantic through the southern united states. 
          employee ownedcustomer driven
            we understand that the success of our company is driven by the satisfaction of our clients and business partners.
          
            our success is driven by the satisfaction of our clients and business partners.
          top-ranked concrete structure builder
            our rock-solid reputation in concrete forming is recognized throughout the construction industry
          
            with a rock-solid reputation the construction in the industry
          experts in formwork and concrete form types
            we build and deliver durable structures on-time and on-budget per the client’s specifications.
          
            we build and deliver durable structures on-time and on-budget.
          item 1item 2item 3item 5what we offersafe working environmentour rigorous implementation of safety policy standards has established united forming as one of the safest companies in our industry.delivery on time and within budgetin addition to maintaining high standards of safety, we are committed to deliver the highest project quality, without affecting the project's budget and time.expert project managers our in-house, multi-disciplinary project team will deliver a seamless job from start to finish and ensure that your project is completed both on time and on budgethigh quality equipmentwe have an extensive fleet of modern, company-owned equipment that allows us to manage projects with maximum speed and efficiency.expertise and innovationwe deploy cutting-edge technologies, and consistently refine them to minimize construction costs and maximize efficiency in every project.great customer supportas a customer-oriented company, we pride ourselves on our personalized attention to detail and dedication to serving our clients. 0+years in business 0+projects completed 0 +billion work in place 0 %repeat clientswhat we dodesign assistpre-constructionour approach to design assist methodology is based on collaboration, teamwork, and problem solving during the initial phase of the project life cycle to avoid costly delays.during the pre-construction phase, our team will address your design concerns and assist you in design decisions, formwork system evaluations, site logistics, scope, and constructability reviews, while adhering to your time and budget requirements.structure and concrete formingconcrete constructionwhether you are a general contractor, a business owner, or developer, united forming has the capabilities and resources to ensure that your construction project is completed to the required quality, and adheres to your budget and deadlines.from the planning and design through the construction phase, our in-house professional management team is readily availableto assist you in every aspect of your construction project, regardless of size.expert team for your projectproject managementbesides our leadership in the concrete construction market, one thing that distinguishes united forming from other companie is our project management capabilities. our construction management scope of services are comprehensive and tailored to meet our client’s needs for every stage of a project. whether you need supervision, inspection, on-site management, cost estimating, schedule development and monitoring, constructability reviews, quality assurance enforcement, or any other construction management service, we have the right team for your project  – no matter the size.formwork systems solutionsformwork designsince its founding in 1985, united forming has established a dominant reputation as the first choice for concrete structures in the construction industry across the mid-atlantic and south region.as a leading provider of formwork systems solutions, we offer you the unparalleled experience, resources and expertise you need – for anything from commercial building developments, large-scale infrastructures, or government, health care and high education facilities. we can design and implement any formwork systems for any construction project and any requirement.
          how we work
        1234
          let’s have a conversation
        our contact info is located above. we have multiple offices licensed to work throughout the southeast. there is a good chance we’re in the same neighborhood and already established in your market.
          just find the united forming, inc. regional office that looks like the best geographical fit for you and your project. we enjoy talking with our clients so please give us a call or send us a short email.
        
          concept to construction
        feel free to tag us in any step along the way even if you’re still early in the development process.our preconstruction services include offering structural design recommendations with a focus on constructability along with providing reliable budgetary pricing and scheduling feedback.
          qualify
        
          have bid documents in hand and a package ready for pricing, send it our way. we can provide competent, competitive, and on time proposals to meet your needs on varying scopes of work for all different types of structures.
        email us your bid invite or find us on isqft, building connected, or smartbid.
          hard bid
        
          over the last 30 plus years we have worked with contractors both large and small on federal, state, and privately funded projects. with over 1,000 contracts signed, we understand the importance of a well structured and
          binding subcontract document.
        
          starting from your terms, we will work in a professional manner to establish fair and comprehensive agreements that will lay the ground work for a successful project. we are adaptable to any of your projects needs as they
          relate to insurance, bonding, minority participation, and leed certification.
        our latest projects  110 east
                          northern region
                         1701 east boulevard
                          northern region
                         alexan glenwood south multi-family
                          northern region
                         ascension seton’s medical center - women’s tower
                          western region
                         baylor basketball pavilion
                          western region
                         baylor college of medicine health sciences parking garage
                          western region
                         hgi & homewood suites
                          northern region
                         hub knoxville building i and ii
                          southern region
                         society atlanta
                          southern region
                         texas health presbyterian hospital lot 5 restoration
                          western region
                         union on 24th
                          western region
                         waco family medicine central campus redevelopment
                          western region
                        our expert teamgraham rawsthornatlanta area managergraham rawsthornatlanta area managerafter six years with united forming, graham’s attention to detail has been instrumental in both strengthening our client/supplier relationships and our internal project management processes. as area manager, graham provides overall leadership and direction with bottom-line authority and responsibility for the business development, financial, and operational performance for the atlanta area. southern region ➜brad raveraustin area managerbrad raveraustin area managerwithin several years at united forming, brad quickly became a senior project manager. his strong leadership in project management and in mentoring of the next generation of project managers led him to become area manager. brad provides overall leadership and direction with bottom-line authority and responsibility for the business development, financial, and operational performance for the austin area. western region ➜armando urbinadallas fort worth area managerarmando urbinadallas fort worth area managerafter relocating from austin to dallas-fort worth, armando established united forming’s permanent presence in dfw a few years ago. now, armando provides overall leadership and direction with bottom-line authority and responsibility for the business development, financial, and operational performance for the dallas-fort worth area. western region ➜james leversraleigh area managerjames leversraleigh area managerjames uses his knowledge and experience from his 23 years in the concrete construction industry to provide overall leadership and direction with bottom-line authority and responsibility for the business development, financial, and operational performance for the raleigh area. northern region ➜juan “tex” navarroraleigh general superintendentjuan “tex” navarroraleigh general superintendent northern region ➜kevin o’learyaustin/dfw preconstruction managerkevin o’learyaustin/dfw preconstruction manager western region ➜adalberto “shorty” garciadfw general superintendentadalberto “shorty” garciadfw general superintendent western region ➜jose ramirezatlanta general superintendentjose ramirezatlanta general superintendent southern region ➜norberto “beto” arevalohouston general superintendentnorberto “beto” arevalohouston general superintendent western region ➜ryan knudtsoncharlotte general superintendentryan knudtsoncharlotte general superintendent northern region ➜travis saltsraleigh/charlotte preconstruction managertravis saltsraleigh/charlotte preconstruction manager northern region ➜victor rojasraleigh area safety managervictor rojasraleigh area safety manageras the area safety manager for our raleigh area, victor provides safety direction, leadership, and support with the bottom-line responsibilities to enforce the united forming safety policy and provide a safe and healthy work environment for all our employees. northern region ➜jose rodriguezdallas-fort worth area safety managerjose rodriguezdallas-fort worth area safety manageras the area safety manager for our dallas-fort worth area, jose provides safety direction, leadership, and support with the bottom-line responsibilities to enforce the united forming safety policy and provide a safe and healthy work environment for all our employees. western region ➜luis paniaguaaustin area safety managerluis paniaguaaustin area safety managerwith 13 years in the construction industry, 10 of which are with united forming, luis has multiple certifications and trainer certifications. to name a few, luis is a certified safety health official through uta, and is a trainer for osha 30/10, forklift safety, mobile elevating work platform safety, and cpr instructor. as the area safety manager for our austin area, luis provides safety direction, leadership, and support area with the bottom-line responsibilities to enforce the united forming safety policy and provide a safe and healthy work environment for all our employees. western region ➜tony robagoatlanta area safety managertony robagoatlanta area safety manager southern region ➜victor gonzalezaustin general superintendentvictor gonzalezaustin general superintendent western region ➜our clientswhat our clients are sayingalex flemingdirector of aviation business developmenti have had the privilege of working with united forming on my last three projects totaling over 5 million sqft. the time, effort, and professionalism united puts into planning and executing their projects has made them an industry leader and a go-to resource for our company. i highly recommend united forming for your concrete construction needs.jim pritchettproject executivethrough the years i have had the opportunity to work with a number of formwork and concrete contractors. united forming has always proven to be a solid partner every time we have worked together. i appreciate their professionalism and their commitment to safety and schedule and i look forward to the next opportunity to work together again.shelly goodwinvp of operationsover the course of my 35 plus years in construction, i have had the pleasure of working with some very qualified and reliable trade partners. i consider united forming to be one of our best partners in delivering a quality project to our clients. from the pre-construction phase to scheduling and the execution of their scope, they have always met or exceeded our expectations.  
          since our founding in 1985
        expert concrete construction service for all major markets
            about us
          company
            united forming inc is a concrete construction company specialized in 
            formwork systems solutions and turnkey concrete construction.
          
            we provide pre-construction, construction, formwork system design
            and project management services to leading general contractors and
            developers in the private and public sectors across the mid-atlantic
            and south region united states.
          servicesformwork designsite logisticsdesign assistanceestimating and budgetingscheduling and planningforming systems expertisemarketscommercialhospitalityparking and decksresidentialgovernmenthealthcareeducationentertainmentcontact us470 riverside parkway, austell, ga 301688am to 5pm - monday to friday(678) 945-4224connect with usconnect with us
        copyright © 
         united forming, inc. all rights reserved 2025. 
        unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material from this site is strictly prohibited.developed and maintained by 
        webify media