



historic costume & textiles collection -
















 



























ohio state nav barskip to main contentthe ohio state universityhelpbuckeyelinkmapfind peoplewebmailsearch ohio state












 




historic costume & textiles collection
facebookinstagramyoutube
 donate


home
about us
collections
search collections
exhibitions

current exhibition
upcoming exhibitions
past exhibitions


fashion2fiber digital gallery
clothes lines blog
youtube videos
teaching
friends and donors

donating objects
financial contributions


visit us
contact us
links
exhibit gallery temporarily closed
historic costume and textiles collection gallery has temporarily closed. campbell hall is undergoing a building renovation starting in 2023 through summer 2026. watch this site for exhibits at off campus venues till then, or visit our digital exhibitions. 








the silk road
during campbell hall building renovation, the historic costume & textiles collection partnered … continue reading 









flower power: flora in fashion and botany in buttons
a smaller version of flower power was revived for a short run from may 24 - june 30 at the … continue reading 









fashion & music
explore the intersections of fashion and music from folk to rock to hiphop. select artifacts from … continue reading 









special collections digital exhibit
the special collections within the university libraries has curated an online exhibit, highlighting … continue reading 









collections
20th century designer collectionann w. rudolph button collectiontraphagen collectiontextile collectionbrowse our collections
exhibitions
a century of style: 100 years of 4-h fashioncapital fashion, columbus 1851-1965the columbus fashion storyflora in fashionbrowse our exhibitions
welcome
the historic costume & textiles collection is a scholarly and artistic resource of apparel and textile material culture. the 11,500+ holdings encompass a range of three dimensional objects such as textiles and articles of clothing and accessories for men, women, and children, including national dress costume, from the mid-18th century to contemporary 21st century designers.


quicklinks

clothes lines
fashion2fiber
fril: fiber reference image library


search historic costume & textiles collection

facebookinstagramyoutube
visitors
visitors are welcome to tour exhibitions when they are on display in gallery spaces. gallery hours and location can be found on the visit us page or you may contact us for upcoming information on exhibitions, programs, and events.


research
the collection is available to researchers by appointment only, monday through friday, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. call or email to make arrangements.


contact us
the historic costume & textiles collection
1787 neil avenue
columbus, oh 43210
telephone: (614) 292-3090
fax: (614) 688-8133
email: strege.2@osu.edu


© 2025 historic costume & textiles collection | the ohio state university - college of education and human ecology | privacy policyif you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this site, please contact us for assistance via email at ehe-accessibility@osu.edu.








