


































promoting animal welfare & pet adoption | best friends animal society











						skip to main content
					









tertiary menu



who we are


pet memorials


locations


shop


en español








you must have javascript enabled to use this form.












donations menu



donate


monthly


in memory


in honor


daf





header menu



no-kill 2025


the sanctuary


how you can help


stories


adopt


ways to give

















      bring 2025 home
  

      home for all pets starts with you
  




























              monthly giving provides the steady support the animals need.
            

              yes, i want to give monthly:
            

none
















      best friends is responding to the l.a. wildfires
  


      from our lifesaving center in west la, we're working to save as many dogs and cats as we can in the face of this unprecedented disaster.
  

how you can help


















      saving pets near you
  


      a dog or cat is killed in america’s shelters every 90 seconds just because they don’t have a safe place to call home.
  

      you can help change that.
  






home for all pets starts with you
explore our locations
see how pets in your community are doing









image










julie castle's blogmore shelter pets adopted in 2024, but the fight isn’t over"in a reversal of the pandemic slump, thousands more shelter pets are safe in new homes compared to 2023." read julie's full blog post— julie castle
best friends chief executive officer


















      no-kill is within reach, thanks to you
  

      nearly 2 out of every 3 shelters around the country have reached no-kill, an all-time high!
  

      working together, we can continue to save the lives of homeless pets in communities like yours — and nationwide — ensuring that the places we call home are better for everyone, pets included.
  

see how your community is doing


















      our animal sanctuary is at the heart of best friends
  


      best friends animal sanctuary is the healing home for up to 1,600 dogs, cats, birds, bunnies, horses, pigs, and other animals looking for a second chance.
  

experience the magic













      you're saving them all
  


      best friends supporters like you make this work possible and are passionate about saving the lives of pets in shelters.
  

      here are your stories.
  






meet the faces of no-kill
read stories of hope and resilience
share your story with us
















tiny dog with broken leg helps heal broken hearts


      for wally the girl, a 5-pound pup with an unstoppable spirit, a chance meeting led to a new home and healing for her new family.
  read more

















image




faces of no-kill: kitten’s job is just play


          
      thanks to early intervention and a dedicated foster volunteer, allan the kitten can run, jump, and play with the best of them.
  
          
        

      now he's zooming around his dream house
  

      video
  








image




cat’s future looks bright after life-changing surgery


          
      thanks to skilled veterinary professionals and devoted foster volunteers, emma is healthy and thriving in a loving home.
  
          
        

      emma’s healing journey
  

      video
  








image




teaming up to revive an illinois community cat program


          
      coles county embraces a new program to spay and neuter community cats with support from a best friends grant.
  
          
        

      mobile clinic has been a game changer
  

      feature
  








image




l.a. fire evacuee finds hope at best friends


          
      when tara pope fled her home to escape the l.a. fires, she found an unexpected haven at best friends roadhouse and with the animals.
  
          
        

      best friends offers hope
  

      feature
  








image




meet the cat who wears boots


          
      see how caregivers at best friends animal sanctuary found a creative solution to help a kitty with limited mobility.
  
          
        

      he's quite the dashing hero
  

      feature
  








image




faces of no-kill: survivor dog bella, 2 years later


          
      checking in with bella about life at home with her new family since her incredible rescue.
  
          
        

      life is now as cozy and full of love
  

      feature
  





















      how you can help
  


      we're working to save the lives of dogs and cats around the country.
  

      we can’t do it without you.
  






end steep pet fees for families in public housing
volunteer from your home
get started fostering kittens














      adopt
  

      when you adopt a pet from a rescue group or animal shelter instead of buying from a breeder or puppy mill, you’re providing a lifesaving second chance.
  

adopt a pet















      volunteer
  

      wherever you live, whatever your experience or interests, there are countless ways to volunteer your time for pets in need.
  

sign up to volunteer















      take action
  

      you can help create the kind of community you want to live in by teaming up with fellow community members to support progressive pet programs and policies.
  

advocate for animals 




















      shop to save lives
  


      when you shop at the best friends store, the proceeds go right to work providing lifesaving care and companionship to animals at our sanctuary and around the country.
  

shop now





















      tell us the story of a special moment with you and your pet
  



share my story













      ways to give
  


      your support goes straight to work saving lives. 
  

      you provide homeless animals with help and healing.
  






our most recent financial reports
awards for our lifesaving work
give the gift of kindness







nonemake a planned giftmake a gift through your will, trust, or other financial plan. planned gifts can reduce income tax and offer substantial tax savings on appreciated properties and securities.learn morepet memorialshonor a beloved pet with a gift in their memory. you'll also be invited to find comfort and healing by taking part in one of our angels rest blessing ceremonies.create a memorialmake a donor-advised fund gifta donor-advised fund (daf) provides you with the flexibility to support the animals through best friends while enjoying some favorable tax benefits.learn more



















      respect and responsibility
  


      we are honored to be working together with passionate and dedicated individuals committed to helping homeless pets in every corner of the country.
  

see our recognitions
















let’s be friends! connect with us on social media to stay in the loop about the lifesaving progress we’re making together.           












 thank you to the brands that love our pets, too:

















 we will reach no-kill in this country in 2025.best friends, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization (tax id# 23-7147797), operates the nation’s largest sanctuary for homeless animals and provides adoption, spay/neuter, and educational programs.







you must have javascript enabled to use this form.


save them allstay in touch with the animals via email updates, as they get second chances at happy homes.













social menu



best friends animal society facebook page


best friends animal society x page


best friends animal society instagram page


best friends animal society pinterest page


best friends animal society linkedin page


best friends animal society youtube channel


best friends animal society tiktok page


best friends animal society twitch channel


best friends animal society discord





sections


no-kill 2025


the sanctuary


act for animals


stories


adopt + foster


ways to give


who we are


pet care


locations


shop


en español




how you can help


adopt


donate


foster


learn with best friends


pet memorials


take action


volunteer


work at best friends




programs


houston


los angeles


new york city


northwest arkansas


salt lake city




mobile apps



best friends animal sanctuary app

								experience the magic of the sanctuary during your visit to kanab, utah or from your couch.
							





other best friends sites


best friends roadhouse and mercantile


best friends store


network partners


strut your mutt




about


careers


internships


for the media


faqs


position statements


financial information




in the spotlight


as seen on national geographic’s dogtown and the cw's dog town usa. and the inspiration behind the critically acclaimed film, the champions.







we're proud to be one of the 2024 top workplaces, and honored to be recognized for our innovative work to take the entire country no-kill in 2025.



image



image



image



image



image



image






legal menu



contact us


data sharing request


privacy policy


terms & conditions







© 2024 best friends animal society. all rights reserved.









