


holier than thou: when the christian right goes wrong























    
	holier than thou: when the christian right goes wrong
	
  
“holier than thou” is our daily quiz to test how well you’ve been keeping up with what the religious right is really up to.  when they screw up, we’re there to note it. when their feet of clay start to crumble, we’re there to chip away a bit more. and when they serve as president of their church while leading a double life as the nation’s most feared serial killer…well, you get the idea.



monday, december 18, 2006



	 happy holidays!
    


dear readers:we are taking some time off for christmas, but rest assured, we'll be back in 2007 with a slew of quizzes. unfortunately, there's so much hypocrisy and corruption out there that we can hardly keep up with it as it is. but in the meantime, we wish you and yours all the best for a happy holiday season and a great new year!



posted by g @ 10:13 am  
      
         1 comments






friday, december 15, 2006



	 third time’s a charm
    


can’t any of these guys keep their pants on?first came the rev. ted haggard, who had to resign from his mega-church over drug and gay sex allegations. next came the rev. paul barnes, who had to step down from his grace chapel near denver over admitted homosexual liaisons.now comes word that aaron niles, a 20-year-old former church camp leader at the super summer baptist camp in greenville, ill., was just ensnared in his own sexual scandal. what did he do?a. had a child out of wedlock with his pastor’s 46 year old wifeb. fondled three young boys on the greenville little league team he coachedc. tried to get young girls to pose partially naked or perform sex acts on camerad. moonlighted as a transvestite prostitute in chicago after sunday servicesanswerc: niles, whose online chat room name is “godrocks30,” was arrested on three counts of child pornography and one count of indecent solicitation of a child. at least one of his victims apparently met niles at the church camp he worked at. police are still combing through niles computer, and further charges are expected.“we hurt for the families who have been hurt by this,” said first baptist church pastor jonathan peters in a statement to his flock. “we, as the leadership of this church family, have done our best to both protect our church and to demonstrate compassion to everyone involved. we have sought to show love without leniency.”



posted by g @ 7:11 am  
      
         0 comments






thursday, december 14, 2006



	 pray with me
    


the new jersey state senate took the unusual step of banning a pastor, the rev. vincent fields, for mixing politics with religion while giving the traditional invocation that starts each senate session. such invocations are supposed to be apolitical.but what really had legislators in an uproar is the fact that fields politicized his prayer by asking god to “curse the spirit” of those who supported a piece of legislation that was currently being debated on the senate floor. just what was the legislation being discussed?a. a measure that would provide state funding to stem cell researchb. a measure that would revoke the tax-exempt status of churches if their sermons were found to be in support of a specific political candidatec. a measure that would make it a crime to post the personal information — including home address — of abortion doctors on the internet d. a measure that would allow gay couples in the state to have civil unionsanswerd: the senate was to discuss a bill that would grant gay couples a limited civil union status, and apparently the rev. fields took issue with it. “we curse the spirit that would come to bring about same-sex marriage,” he said in his invocation. “we ask you to just look over this place today, cause them to be shaken in their very heart in uprightness." afterwards, senate president dick codey said that field was out of line and wouldn’t be invited back.



posted by g @ 6:49 am  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, december 13, 2006



	 the kids aren’t all right
    


seems there’s yet another reason that members of the religious right are worked up about the welfare of our kids.james rutz, chairman of megashift ministries and founder-chairman of open church ministries and author/columnist, is upset about something he says is threatening our young ones because it is, “feminizing, and they're all over the place. you can hardly escape them anymore.” he goes on to add: “there's a slow poison out there that's severely damaging our children and threatening to tear apart our culture.” so what is this slow, feminizing poison?a. the rise of vegetarian tv dinnersb. the steady increase of stay at home dadsc. the rise of homosexual couples adopting childrend. cartoon superheroes who never mention jesus christe. soybean productsanswere: soybean products. we’ll let rutz explain: “soy is feminizing, and commonly leads to a decrease in the size of the penis, sexual confusion and homosexuality. that's why most of the medical (not socio-spiritual) blame for today's rise in homosexuality must fall upon the rise in soy formula and other soy products. (most babies are bottle-fed during some part of their infancy, and one-fourth of them are getting soy milk!) homosexuals often argue that their homosexuality is inborn because "i can't remember a time when i wasn't homosexual." no, homosexuality is always deviant. but now many of them can truthfully say that they can't remember a time when excess estrogen wasn't influencing them.”well, what can we add to that, except that soy has been a staple in asian diets for centuries and they have lower cancer rates than we have in the west, far less obesity and presumably, given their climbing birth rates, there are still a few intrepid heterosexuals left.



posted by g @ 3:43 pm  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, december 12, 2006



	 double take
    


the hits just keep on coming!just days after the rev. ted haggard of colorado officially started his recovery efforts from his gay sex and drugs scandal, comes word that a second pastor from colorado has officially left his church under tawdry circumstances.in this case, paul barnes, founding pastor of the 2,100-member grace chapel near denver, yesterday told his evangelical congregation in a videotaped message he had sinned and was stepping down from the church he has led for the past 28 years. so, just what did rev. barnes admit to?a. embezzling some $1.27 million from church coffersb. impregnating his daughter’s 18-year-old babysitterc. being addicted to prescription pain killersd. have sexual relations with menanswerd: as if taking a page out of the ted haggard playbook, barnes too confessed to having gay sex while leading his anti-gay church."i have struggled with homosexuality since i was a 5-year-old boy,” barnes told his church. “i can't tell you the number of nights i have cried myself to sleep, begging god to take this away."added dave palmer, associate pastor of grace chapel, "while we cannot condone what he has done, we continue to support and love paul."



posted by g @ 7:03 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, december 08, 2006



	 aversion mary
    


janice crouse of concerned women for america has said that vice president cheney’s gay daughter, mary, has done something “unconscionable” and “very disappointing.” carrie gordon earll, a policy analyst for the conservative christian ministry focus on the family, has made it clear that what mary has done is just a lousy idea. so sinful are mary’s actions that the white house is facing mounting criticism and the possibility of yet another drop in popularity (as if that’s even possible at this point) all because mary did this:a. joined the liberal unitarian church, which openly accepts gay people b. adopted an hiv-positive infant son with her partner of 15 yearsc. gave 10 percent of the profits from her recent book to a charitable organization that provides support for teens with gender issuesd. became pregnante. went to massachusetts and got married to her partneranswerd: mary cheney and her partner of 15 years, heather poe, will be getting a visit from the stork sometime in late spring.  "it's very disappointing that a celebrity couple like this would deliberately bring into the world a child that will never have a father," said janice crouse of concerned women for america, a senior fellow at the group's think tank. "they are encouraging people who don't have the advantages they have." crouse also added that the news of mary’s baby would, in conservatives' eyes, be damaging to the bush administration. carrie gordon earll, a policy analyst for the conservative christian ministry focus on the family, expressed empathy for the cheney family but depicted the pregnancy as unwise. "just because you can conceive a child outside a one-woman, one-man marriage doesn't mean it's a good idea," earll said. "love can't replace a mother and a father." family pride, which advocates on behalf of gay and lesbian families, noted that last month virginia, where mary cheney and her partner live, became one of 27 states with a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage. "unless they move to a handful of less restrictive states, heather will never be able to have a legal relationship with her child," said family pride executive director jennifer chrisler. chrisler went on to add that the couple "will quickly face the reality that no matter how loved their child will be. ... he or she will never have the same protections that other children born to heterosexual couples enjoy. grandfather cheney will no doubt face a lifetime of sleepless nights as he reflects on the irreparable harm he and his administration have done to the millions of american gay and lesbian parents and their children.”



posted by g @ 7:48 am  
      
         1 comments






thursday, december 07, 2006



	 keroack redux
    


last week, we at holier than thou took a hard look at eric keroack, the conservative christian ob/gyn appointed by president george w. bush to oversee the federal office of population affairs, which oversees a $283 million budget for federally funded teen pregnancy, family planning and abstinence programs.and at that time we noted that keroack — the man to be in charge of family planning for the united states — opposes contraception. but the bizarreness doesn’t end there.now comes word that keroack promotes the idea that this disrupts one’s brain chemistry, creating a physiological barrier to a happy marriage. what?a. birth-control pillsb. the “plan b” morning after pill c. abortiond. pre-marital sex answerd: pre-marital sex, according to keroack, changes the chemicals in one’s brain that make it impossible to be happily married later in life. the pseudo-science behind this outlandish — and universally discredited claim — is that people who have sex before marriage are in chronic emotional pain, thus lowering their levels of oxytocin, and therefore limiting their ability to bond with others.“people who have misused their sexual faculty and become bonded to multiple persons will diminish the power of oxytocin to maintain a permanent bond with an individual,” writes keroack.that, of course, and the fact that the aliens that fly out of his butt will use their ray beams to make those who have sex out of wedlock sprout horns and tails, too!



posted by g @ 5:46 am  
      
         0 comments











about me

name:  g 

view my complete profile



links

google news
deep end dining
franklin avenue
the huffington post
harry shearer's le show
defcon
edit-me

previous posts

happy holidays!
third time’s a charm
pray with me
the kids aren’t all right
double take
aversion mary
keroack redux
closeted remarks
“god’s foreign policy”
what, me worry?

archives

august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006









 





