


miles-of-fitness





















    
	miles-of-fitness
	
  










thursday, february 26, 2009




next week is the arnold sports festival weekend,one of our busisest weekends of the year! look for craig working at the met-rx or body forstress booth at the expo and lisa will be expediting at the amateur bodybuilding,fitness,figure and new for '09 bikini show. feel free to ask lisa for help with your suits,tan or basic questions she will be glad to help you!looking forward to seeing everyone!



posted by miles-of-fitness at 8:34 am
0 comments






monday, january 19, 2009




happy new year to everyone!as most have heard there is no longer a 1 piece  suit in figure. due to the high expense involved in competing this will help make competing a little cheaper. we are starting to recieve a few orders but with girls only needing 1 suit we can take on more customers than before. feel free to contact lisa atlisa@miles-of-fitness.comalso check out our myspace pagewww.myspace.com/stylesbylisamileswe update the myspace page frequently since it is fast and easy to do.also we will be tanning people for local shows in the columbus area again this year. we are stocked up on jan tana on stage and ready to go! the price is $75 to get you as dark as you want. it is fast,no streaking and goes on even without any blotching. craig and lisa are available to suit your individual needs.stay healthy and train hard!



posted by miles-of-fitness at 7:14 am
0 comments






monday, february 11, 2008




we have had a few questions about tanning. we use jan tana on-stage competition color which gives a great color that does not look dirty like other products. it also wears off evenly and does not get splotchy. we use an airbrush to apply it,1 coat only takes a few minutes and there is no streaking. most people look best with 3 coats depending on skin tone. the charge is $50. for local shows we apply the tan at our condo in gahanna. some shows will allow us to set up at the show but it is not likely. it is by appointment only.lisa@miles-of-fitness.comcraig@miles-of-fitness.com



posted by miles-of-fitness at 7:40 am
0 comments






sunday, february 10, 2008




a new year is upon us with new suit business pouring in for styles by miles. we have started the year off with the largest amount of orders we have ever received! thank you all for your business and support.craig has started a new direction in his life and begun a career with ups. he has been there since last november and has decided to leave personal training behind him. within the year he hopes to have his own route and be a driver.neither one of us have any plans as of now to compete this year. but we are still offering tanning for local shows. if you are interested in tanning or suits please contact us atlisa@miles-of-fitness.com orcraig@miles-of-fitness.com



posted by miles-of-fitness at 11:35 am
0 comments






monday, october 22, 2007




well,the 2007 season is now over. it has been a bittersweet year for both of us. although we have gone farther and placed better than we ever have , we also met with alot of dissapointment. some of the judging just left us scratching our heads wondering if they mixed up competitor numbers or did not calculate scores correctly. the judging is based only on the opinion of a small group of people, unlike a real sporting event. all and all we had a great year. i got my first win and placed on the national level. lisa won the arnold so it wasn't all bad! we are now taking time off from competing to get our life back in order and let our bodies heal. thinking about suits for the 2008 season? get your orders in early. we keep having people contact us just a few weeks before their shows and it always dissapoints us that we can't help them because they didn't plan ahead.  please allow 12-15 weeks notice or we might not be able to fit you into our schedule. we expect 2008 to be our busiest, most succesful year yet.wishing everyone a great holiday season! take time away from the gym to spend with your family,in the end the gym will always be there.................check out our new ads for xenadrine in most fitness magazines,thanks again to cytodyne and jen hofheins for believing in us and allowing us the opportunity to represent them.until next time train hard but be smart.



posted by miles-of-fitness at 2:07 pm
0 comments






tuesday, march 27, 2007




well the arnold has come and gone and it was a great weekend. lisa won the figure "d" class which was a great achievement and more than she had hoped for.her goal was to make the top 5. i placed 6th and had a blast at the md cyber classic! look forr me in an upcoming issue, i did a photoshoot for md with one of the best photographers out there per bernal.our cytodyne ads are coming out this month,i just saw myself in the ad for the first time. i gotta say that i got emotional over it because we have taken this further than what we thought was possible. i have always struggled with my weight and just dreamed about how cool it would be to actually compete and make a living in the fitness industry. it is a reality now and i wouldn't have it any other way!lisa is swamped with suit orders through june. she is taking orders for shows in july or later in the fall. we want to help as many people as we can so lease give us plent of notice if you are thinking of getting a suit.also, we are going to be spray tanning again the friday before most local shows at our condo in gahanna. we use jan tana on stage color. the cost is $50 and we will get you as dark as you like. we will be at julie palmers show as the official tanning crew. friday night at the host hotel and sat morning at the venue. feel free to contact us if you have a show coming up and want tanned!until next time- train hard!



posted by miles-of-fitness at 8:36 am
0 comments






sunday, february 18, 2007




hi!we are now 12 days out from competing in the arnold classic amatuer show. also,craig was chosen to be the 5th finalist in the muscular development cyber classic which will be held friday march 2 at the arnold expo hall. craig is going to posedwon for the chance to win $10,000 and a cover shot on the magazine. he will be apprearing in md regardless in the next few months so keep a look out for the issue on the newsstands. both of us are in our best shape ever and craig has made a full recovery from his pec tear and has been training like a maniac! lisa has reached a pinnacle wiht her conditioning and attitude and is ready to do her best march 2nd at veteran's memorial!both craig and lisa will also be appearing in ads for xenadrine hardcore and efx. they will be appearing in every major fitness magazine. thank you cytodyne and jen hofheins! oh yeah ron mendel and dr. tim zigenfuss  tootommorrow(feb 18) a reporter from the columbus dispatch will be interviewing us about competing at the arnold and our suit business.lots of things going on!thank you to everyone who has supported us,voted for craig and bought suits from us! it is because of all the great people we are associated with like mike davies and julie palmer and our family at the fitness factory that we have met with so much success!wishing everyone a great 2007!craig and lisa



posted by miles-of-fitness at 5:31 pm
0 comments











about me

name:  miles-of-fitness 

view my complete profile

links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

next week is the arnold sports festival weekend,on...
happy new year to everyone!as most have heard ther...
we have had a few questions about tanning. we use ...
a new year is upon us with new suit business pouri...
well,the 2007 season is now over. it has been a bi...
well the arnold has come and gone and it was a gre...
hi!we are now 12 days out from competing in the ar...
both lisa and i have started our diets for the arn...
check out my interview  at http://www.criticalbenc...
sorry it has been so long since our last update. t...

archives

november 2005
december 2005
march 2006
october 2006
december 2006
february 2007
march 2007
october 2007
february 2008
january 2009
february 2009









 



