



 east goshen township





























please enable javascript for optimum experience.


skip to content











search for:















east goshen township
"respecting the past, serving the present, preparing for the future"
chester county, pa

☰



skip to content


home
about us

business directory
calendar
faqs
government resources
township code
info for senior citizens
local organizations
news
sitemap
sustainability certification


services

communication
deer management
emergency services
finance
forms and applications
human resources
library
permits & inspections / code enforcement
planning & zoning
public notices
public works
rfps and bid notices
right to know law


boards, agendas & minutes

board of auditors
board of supervisors
conservancy board
historical commission
local traffic advisory committee
municipal authority
park & recreation commission
pension committee
pipeline task force
planning commission
police commission
stormwater appeals board
environmental & sustainability advisory council
zoning hearing board


park & rec

pickleball and tennis courts
goshenville blacksmith shop
friends of east goshen
egtpr trail system
program and permit info & registration
teen filmmakers showcase &  awesome fest
egt p&r 2019 prps agency of the year!
field status
honey bee project
local park finder/map
egt park destination playground
parks & rec in the news
chester county art walk


trash & recycling

bulk trash
commercial recycling information
electronic waste
household hazardous waste
recycling – note: please put recycling out the night before the collection day.
shredding
yard waste


contact
 












featured news
participate in the board of supervisors
meetings via zoom
click here for link.

 





























 events & meetings
				



mon feb 17 township office closedtue feb 18  7:00pmboard of supervisorswed feb 19 yard wastemon feb 24  6:30pmsustainability advisory comtue feb 25  7:00pmplanning commissionwed feb 26 yard wastetue mar 4  7:00pmboard of supervisorswed mar 5 yard waste 





pay sewer and refuse


register for park programs


missed trash collection form


emergency services


e-notification & emergency alert


business directory


forms and applications


newsletters


youtube


sustainability certification 



latest news view all →
egt offices closed for president's dayin honor of presidents' day, our offices will be closed on monday, february 17th. regular office hours will resume tuesday, february 18th. trash services will not be affected and run on a normal schedule. sign up with ready chesco alerts for egt!east goshen is now set to send out township-specific alerts via ready chesco! sign up at readychesco.org to stay informed! click the link above to learn what alerts will be sent out and register.abc volunteers needed!if you are interested in becoming a member of one of our authorities/boards/commissions click above for more information on current openings. 2025 1st quarter sewer and trash bills mailedplease be advised that quarter 1 sewer and trash bills are in the mail. payment is due 2/28/25. click above on information on how to access your bill. chester county hazard mitigation plan surveychester county wants your input on hazard risk today! click above to fill out this public survey to let them know what you think your biggest risks are, and inform how the county will prepare for and respond to hazards.clocktower & hunt country neighborhoods: update from peco re: electric line replacementread the latest information from peco  in their letter dated november 2024, regarding the electric line replacement in clocktower and hunt country.  reminder:  contact peco, not east goshen township, with questions regarding the work.  click above to read the update. 




east goshen township









our vision: endeavor to be one of the premier communities in chester county by continually improving the quality of life while, at the same time, managing growth and development in a manner consistent with the protection of our environment and preservation of our natural and historic resources.




















© 2025 copyright east goshen township.
terms and conditions | privacy policy
								 | contact



									designed &maintained byw3 nerds
								










