





birding in cincinnati - cincinnati birds













































cincinnati birds
becoming one with nature

 



home
where to go birding in cincinnati
birds of cincinnati
history

cincinnati warbler


blog
about:




select page






 

 








birding in cincinnaticincinnati provides plenty of interesting birding opportunities.blog









birding in cincinnati
although it's not a prime destination for traveling birders, cincinnati provides plenty of interesting birding opportunities. this web site is intended to help both local and visiting birders find birds in this area.

but this web site is not just for birders, it is also written by birders. although i've set up the framework for the site, much of the content has been written by others. the sightings log and the message board depend almost entirely on your input. and a number of entire pages have been contributed by others.

i hope you enjoy your visit here on the web site; and i hope you enjoy exploring the cincinnati area looking for birds.

















cincinnati’s best brew pubs for bird watchers and vacationers
 jul 15, 17
cincinnati is one of those places where having a beer is a must in order to appreciate the whole beauty and history of the city, be it towel come the spring and take part in the okto berfest (which by the way is the fourth biggest event of the world and is held in cincinnati) […]


















cpa exam candidates blow off steam watching birds
 dec 09, 16
  the bird watching community is a pretty diverse group of people. we consist of retired people, young people, and families. contrary to popular believe watching birds is a hobby enjoyed by almost all groups around the world. today we are highlighting a specific group of bird watchers in our area. there is a small […]


















new midwest housing development takes advantage of nature
 oct 03, 16
for many of us nature enthusiasts, new housing or real estate developments are met with mixed emotions. on the one hand, they can be destructive to nature and the natural habitat of many bird species. on the other hand, places are pretty hard up for jobs right now—especially in the midwest—so people will take work […]





more
















copyright 2017                           powered by wordpress. acool theme by coothemes.com.                  
                            














