












































































bangor township schools | home





skip to contentjghscmmsbtvscentral lincoln west north preschoolskywardsearch sitebangor township schoolsimagine. inspire. innovatejghscmmsbtvscentral lincoln west north preschoolskywardsearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip gallery your browser does not support videos. end of galleryprogramscurriculumenrollmentemploymentstaff servicesathletics and recreationchildcarefood and nutritioncore+ electiveswhy us92% graduation rateour high school graduation rate is 7% higher than the state average of 85%.#1 high school in bay countyaccording to us news and world report, jghs is one of the best schools in the nation, and received the highest ranking of all bay county schools.extracurriculars for every studentwith over 58 athletic teams and dozens of clubs and recreational activities, students have many opportunities to express their passions!performing artsour bangor township performing arts program is known state-wide for its fantastic performers and productions.spotlightprevious spotlight itemi cannot say enough wonderful things about this district! as an alumnus of jghs, there is no other place i would want my children to attend school.  bts provides an excellent education taught by amazing educators, and offers extra-curriculars led by coaches and directors who genuinely care!- alicea molljghs provided opportunities that allowed me to excel, as long as i worked for it. i  knew from a young age that i wanted to serve my country and the amazing mentoring and guidance i received allowed me to progress. i have been blessed by so many things in my life and attending jghs was one of them.- j.r. long, midn usnover the past 12 years, my 4 children have been students within the bts district. we are a "schools of choice" family, and wanted a school that offered academics, extra-curriculars, and leadership. it's more than a school: it's a community that develops responsible, kind, and resourceful adults .- the dinauer familyattending career center was one of the best decisions i have ever made. i was in the emerging technologies program and discovered my passion for advertising through competing in bpa events. without that opportunity and support from faculty, i'm not sure where i would have ended up.  - carlie mccarthynext spotlight itemfind usdistrict3359 e. midland roadbay city, mi 48706989-684-8121989-684-6000schmidtm@bangorschools.orgschoolsdistrictjohn glenn high schoolchrista mcauliffe middle schoolcentral elementary schoollincoln elementarywest elementarynorth preschoolbangor township virtual schoolathletics/recreationchildcare/latchkeyquicklinks2024-2025 school calendar2024-2025 bus routesathletics/recreationemploymentenrollmentskywardstaff servicestransparency reportingstay connectedcopyright © 2025 district. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more




