










pure power fitness boot camp nyc | fitness boot camp nyc	





































skip to primary content


pure power fitness boot camp nyc
fitness boot camp nyc






main menu
home
about ppbc

mission
boot camp fitness commanding officer
our drill instructors
fitness boot camp recruits
obstacle course
boot camp nyc platoon schedule


tours of duty

enlistment
weekend reservist
customized regiment
personal training
corporate team building
warrior fitness boot camp


media/press

video
print
testimonials
guest appearances / motivational speaking


contact us

work here
franchise opportunities


 






what is pure power boot camp (ppbc)?


ppbc is the nation’s only indoor boot camp obstacle/confidence course. it is a military style fitness facility where civilians train in a no nonsense, yet positive
setting. all recruits are in 16 member platoons ranging from the beginner to the elite athlete. ppbc is the closest thing to being in the military other
than enlisting. all boot camp fitness platoons are taught by former u. s. marines, which ensures the authenticity and highest standard of excellence.
fitness boot camp
ppbc is a military style fitness facility where civilians train in a no nonsense, yet positive setting. all platoons are taught by former military,
which ensures the authenticity and highest standard of excellence.
we focus on inspiring recruits to trust one’s self and embrace their fears so they can overcome them. we are a no nonsense, no frills, hardcore real
deal fitness boot camp. our programs make individuals feel stronger and more confident while honing teamwork and stressing the importance of accountability.

traning for an adventure race?
ppbc is the perfect place to train for all the obstacle course/mud races such as spartan and tough mudder…the only place with real obstacles…real situations!
celebrating 10 years in business, ppbc is the pioneer in training civilians how to overcome obstacles they never thought possible!










 calling all new recruits!

   	come join us for a trial
3 sessions for $59!
(includes t-shirt)

 

featured on qvc.
amazing results!
call today for
class availability.
917.463.6599

 questions to ask yourself to unleash the warrior withinlearn more
 




contact us 917.463.6599
lauren@purepowerbootcamp.com
 

like us on facebook 
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				









