



cleantech investing



















    
	cleantech investing
	
  
a news and commentary blog for those interested in venture capital in clean technologies.





friday, september 07, 2007



	 
	 you're in the wrong spot!
	 
    


cleantech investing has moved to its new home on greentech media.  if you're seeing this message, you're missing out on all the latest posts!  click here to go to the new site, and bookmark www.cleantechvc.com (or http://blogs.greentechmedia.com/cleantechinvesting/)  to keep up with the latest...  thanks, rob



posted by rob day at 11:13 am
0 comments







thursday, september 06, 2007



	 
	 expansion capital and tioga energy
	 
    


first off, thanks to everyone for all the kind words regarding the move to greentech media.  so far so good!expansion capital partners is announcing today (will provide a link when we have one) that they have closed their clean technology fund ii at more than $100mm.  to all my former colleagues at expansion capital, many congrats!!tioga energy has added an additional $4mm to their series a financing, bringing the total amount of the round up to $14mm.  nth power provided the bulk of the second closing, according to pe hub.  we mentioned the first closing back in june.



posted by rob day at 7:35 pm
0 comments










	 
	 overdue update
	 
    


picked a bad week to fall behind on deal updates, it would appear...cpv developer solfocus announced $52mm in new funding this week, and they may not be done pulling together what could be a $70mm round when completed.  according to pe week wire, $27.4mm of the new financing is targeted at launching a new spanish subsidiary, and $24.6mm is series b financing into the parent company.  insider nea led the round again, with participation by moser baer india, metasystem group, ngen partners, yellowstone capital, david gelbaum, and other investors.  solfocus also recently acquired a spanish tracker company, inspira.also according to peww, secretive solar startup sierra nevada solar has raised $4.5mm in financing.  alarmclock reports that the financing was provided by earthbright, a san francisco-based cleantech investment group funded and led by jonathan bonanno, chairman of the cleantech investment committee of the keiretsu forum, as well as angel investor ryan scott.plextronics, which is developing organic pv cells, oleds and rfid technology, has raised $20.6mm in series b financing -- matt marshall has details.  strategic investor solvay group led the round, which included participation by firelake capital, birchmere ventures, draper triangle ventures, and newlin investment company.  the round brings the total investment raised by the company to $37mm over the last five years.jonathan shieber in today's clean technology investor has an interesting column about the birth of fisker automotive inc., a new plug-in hybrid vehicle startup with plans to introduce a four-door car in 2009.  shieber reports that the company, which has been founded by car designer henrik fisker and quantum fuel systems ceo alan niedzwiecke (they met during the course of a used car transaction), is looking for outside capital -- and they estimate they'll need $100mm over several rounds to make a go of it.  interesting benchmark for ev and related startups...  of course, the obvious question is:  what was an auto designer doing buying a used land rover, shouldn't he be driving around in some fancy prototype?also according to shieber (this time in vwire), bc-based general fusion has raised $1.2mm in seed financing to pursue the commercialization of the company's small fusion reactor technology.  we briefly mentioned fusion in passing last week, alluding to the fact that general fusion isn't alone in pursuing the commercialization of "hot" fusion approaches.  if one of the entrepreneurial teams driving toward this goal could achieve "net positive" energy from any of these approaches, it would potentially be a big game-changer...  there is more info in this interesting article about canadian clean tech ("the sexiest area of the north american venture-capital world"), including hints that the company may be looking to raise additional capital.uk-based solarcentury has raised a gbp13.5mm round of financing, co-led by zouk ventures and good energies.  vantania holdings ltd and foursome investments, along with existing investors vantagepoint venture partners and scottish and southern energy, also participated.peww also broke the news that fuel cell backup power system clearedge power has raised $6.47mm of an anticipated $19.47mm series c.  applied ventures is mentioned as an investor.tonga capital corp, d/b/a momentum biofuels, has raised a $4.3mm pipe.climate change capital, a private equity firm based in the uk, has closed on a $200mm climate change capital private equity fund, which will invest in expansion-stage startups all the way up to buyouts.cti also reported this week that terrabon, a cellulosic ethanol technology developer, has raised $1.25mm in seed financing, bringing their total investment from "individual investors" up to $4.5mm.peww reported last week that pv startup solexant (with technology to "harvest energy from the entire solar spectrum") has raised a $4.3mm series a, with backing from trident capital, firelake capital, and x/seed capital.wind power software company 3tier has raised a $2mm second round from good energies. ... and even more updates to follow soon...



posted by rob day at 9:06 am
0 comments







tuesday, september 04, 2007



	 
	 cleantech investing acquired by greentech media
	 
    


there's been a lot of news in the world of cleantech investing over the past few days, but we'll have to get to that later...because today we're very proud to announce that cleantech investing and greentech media are joining forces.   i'll also personally be joining greentech media's advisory board.we're very excited about the move.  greentech media is launching a phenomenal one-stop-shopping news site for all things clean and green, and it's a great opportunity to team up with scott and rick and eric and jennifer and all the other folks at gtm. c-i started out two and a half years ago on somewhat of a whim, as an attempt to capture some of the day to day developments in the fast-emerging cleantech venture investment sector, pretty much just for friends and family.  since then, the sector has exploded, and news now comes out so often and so rapidly that one busy investor working in his spare time can't possibly capture it all anymore.  it never helped, either, that yours truly is not much of a web design expert...  so when the opportunity came up to collaborate with a world-class online media team like gtm's, it just made a lot of sense.  the experience of the gtm team, and the resources we'll be able to collectively focus on what's happening in the sector, will be invaluable for making sure c-i continues to be a useful resource.but i'm also pleased to note that i'll continue to be the primary author of this site going forward, albeit with a lot more help/collaboration.  it's been surprising (nay, shocking) to me for some time now just how many people have been reading the quickly jotted-down notes and thoughts of a modest venture investor every few days.   subscribers to the rss feed, for instance, have pretty much been doubling every six months since the beginning of last year.  it's been a lot of fun, and it'll be even more fun to be doing it as part of such a strong team.  look for even better content and a much better setup from this partnership, in other words...during the post-launch period, we'll eventually bring all the past content and ongoing posts over to the new home on the gtm site on a permanent basis.  in doing so, we'll work to make sure that however you may have been coming to c-i in the past, whether via rss reader or daily email or directly via cleantechvc.com, it'll be a seamless transition for you.  and now it'll also be easy for you to go from c-i right over to the main gtm site to learn more about anything related to cleantech you may be looking for.as always, if you have any comments or questions (or especially business plans...), don't hesitate to contact me at cleantechvc@gmail.com.  thanks for reading![ps:  for you reporters out there, don't bother to ask... "terms of the transaction were not disclosed."]



posted by rob day at 2:25 pm
1 comments







thursday, august 30, 2007



	 
	 propel biofuels
	 
    


extremely pleased [self-promotion alert] to share the announcement that propel biofuels has raised a $4.75mm series a round (see propel's pdf press release here), with funding provided by @ventures and nth power.  the investment round also included participation by several leading seattle-area businesspeople, including andrew stout (founder of full circle farms), barry barr (founder of kavu), and jack rafn (founder of rafn construction).  also coming onto the board alongside peter mills of @ventures and nancy floyd of nth power will be arthur rubinfeld, previously exec vp at starbucks, where he was responsible for building out the company from 100 locations to over 3,800 stores worldwide. there are around 200,000 gas stations across the united states, but only 750 biodiesel refueling stations and 1,200 e85 refueling stations.  and most of these locations aren't convenient or accessible to most drivers.  as automakers bring clean diesel autos and flex fuel vehicles to market, and as venture-backed biofuels producers ramp up their volumes, the ability of most americans to easily find locations to fuel their cars with biofuels remains a huge bottleneck in the market's development. propel's bds unit directly addresses these challenges, with a low-risk, no-upfront capital system for independent gas station owners, green-minded retailers and others who want to offer biofuel choices to their customers.



posted by rob day at 8:41 am
0 comments







tuesday, august 28, 2007



	 
	 enertech, secure energy, reklaim, thermilate, and other news
	 
    


don't forget to enter the 4th annual energy tech investor conference photo caption contest!well-known energy tech venture firm enertech capital has raised a $75mm first close toward a $250mm targeted third fund, according to venturewire today.  lps include calpers, dow ventures, kuwait petroleum, and masdar.  another lp, acorn factor, a publicly-traded investment group, expects to be occasionally co-investing with enertech on their expansion-stage energy deals.jonathan shieber reported in friday's cti that secure energy inc. has raised $5.5mm of a targeted $8mm round of financing.  secure energy is converting a caterpillar manufacturing site in decatur, il into a coal gasification plant.pe week wire reported on monday that tire / oil / etc. recycler reklaim has raised $7mm of a $10mm series b, led by goldman sachs.vwire reported on friday that uk-based thermilate, which sells a paint additive with insulative benefits, has raised a $1.5mm round of financing, with participation by enterprise ventures on behalf of the coalfields enterprise fund.in the continued pursuit of a strong new england cleantech cluster, xconomy is reporting that the new england energy innovation collaborative (neeic) and the newly-formed clean energy council will be joining forces.  [note: my firm @ventures is a member of neeic, and i'm on the advisory board for the cec]  speaking of the ne cleantech cluster, here's a nice profile of greatpoint.cleantech investors in the news:  ray rothrock lays out venrock's investment strategy in "new electrons".other news and notes:  a quick nanotech overview...  190 non-si pv developers worldwide?  wow...  a nice column on demand response...  an interesting interview with hunter lovins...  underwater turbines getting set for launch in ireland (tip of the hat to karen shilo for sending in that one)...  finally, an amusing story on continued efforts toward cold fusion -- but interestingly, despite what's described in the article there have been some serious venture-backed efforts to commercialize warm fusion lately.----------------------clean energy  entrepreneurship two-for-one on september  11! foley hoag (www.foleyhoag.com) has graciously offered  to host and sponsor at their emerging enterprise center in waltham the kick-off event for the mit  enterprise forum energy special interest group followed by the next rebn-east  networking event.  entrepreneurs, come to learn about new business opportunities  from experts at the us army natick labs during the mitef esig program and your  business cards and elevator pitches for the networking afterwards.  more details  below! registration/  rsvp if you are attending  the mitef esig event, please register at the mitef website (http://www.mitforumcambridge.org/energysig/energysept07.html)     if you plan to  attend only the rebn-east networking event, please rsvp to rob at cleantechvc@gmail.com.      and, as always,  please forward this invitation to any of your renewable energy research and  business colleagues that you think might be interested!   program  information: rebn-east, the mitef energy special  interest group, and the massachusetts technology transfer center are pleased to announce a joint  program:    4:30 – 6:30:   mitef energy sig  tech-in program #1: us army natick  labs          6:30 on:   rebn-east happy  hour do you want to start a clean energy  company, but don’t know where the market opportunity lies?  do you have an  interesting clean energy technology but are looking for new markets where it  might be used?  do you want to enter your exciting new technology in the 2008  ignite clean energy competition but don’t know what product to target first?   the energy special interest group at the mit enterprise forum of cambridge is  pleased to present its fourth year of programming, which will be focused on  market pull. for our first event of the year on  september 11, 2007, several team leaders from the us army labs at natick will present the  energy needs of the warfighter/soldier in several  critical areas:  (1)     lightweight energy sources  for individual warfighters;  (2)     energy sources for unit  organizations/collective protection including high efficiency lighting and field  photovoltaics;  (3)     combat feeding equipment and  system energy sources; and  (4)     propulsion and power sources  for individual warfighter robotic applications  (suav) our  presenters: · dr. lynne samuelson,  chief scientist, office of the director  · mr. don pickard – dod combat feeding directorate,  "combat feeding equipment and system energy  sources." · mr. steve tucker, shelter technology, engineering  & fabrication directorate, and barry decristofano,  lead for the e-textiles program, "flexible photovoltaics," (power shades, battery  chargers, etc.) · ms. jean hampel, shelter technology, engineering & fabrication  directorate, "high efficiency shelter lighting and  insulation. · mr. kailash shukla, technology, systems & program  integration directorate, "soldier power  needs." our presenters will also discuss  how to work with these labs to develop the technology  they want and need. this event  is a joint program with the massachusetts technology transfer center with assistance from grayhead  associates, the massachusetts defense technology initiative (massdti) and the  massachusetts hydrogen coalition (mhc). the mitef  energy sig events are made possible by the massachusetts technology  collaborative (mtc).   



posted by rob day at 12:01 pm
0 comments







thursday, august 23, 2007



	 
	 4th annual energy tech investor conference:  photo caption contest
	 
    


loyal readers -- the organizers of the upcoming sri 4th annual energy tech investor conference (see details below) have kindly offered up two free tickets for the event to readers of this site.  if you want one of the tickets, however, you've got to earn it.at the conference organizers' suggestion, we're launching a "cleantech photo caption contest"! below are three pictures that might inspire you -- you can pick any of the three that you like.  simply pick one of the three, come up with a funny caption (15 words or less), and email it to me by the end of the day, thursday august 30th.  make sure you indicate which picture you're captioning!  and you can submit as many entries as you want.two winning captions will be selected by yours truly and the sri team.  judging will be totally subjective (this is a vc site, after all), but generally speaking points will be awarded for humor, topicality, and brevity, in that order.  make sure your entry is something that you wouldn't mind having your name attached to in public...photo #1:  solar-powered robotphoto #2: fuelphoto #3: al and sir richardeach winner will receive a free ticket to the 4th annual energy tech investor conference (value of $1,595 each), which is taking place october 3-4 in san jose.  it should be a good networking opportunity.  dan reicher (google.org's new director of climate change & energy initiatives) will be keynoting, and the lineup includes many other cleantech industry luminaries (see the agenda -- more details can be found at the conference website). so make us laugh!and for everyone else who doesn't win, the organizers have kindly extended a discount to cleantech investing readers.  click here to register using this discount, and enter the code energytech300 when you do.



posted by rob day at 8:24 pm
0 comments







tuesday, august 21, 2007



	 
	 doe vc day, and inside greentech
	 
    


i have had the pleasure of attending the department of energy's energy efficiency and renewable energy (eere) venture capital technology showcase day today and tomorrow (tip of the hat to mit's bill aulet for helping make the connection).  it has proven to be a fascinating look into the organization of, and specific research efforts of, the doe labs system.first of all, taxpaying readers will be pleased to know that the doe is not spending any money on free lunches, drinks or coffee for venture capitalists; or on brightly colored wall paint or floor tiles in the indomitably beige corridors; or even on wall decorations of any kind (except for repeated instances of posters featuring perhaps the weirdest hollywood cross-promotion ever:  a rat from a recent disney movie holding up a compact fluorescent bulb and wearing a big grin, urging people to replace their incandescents, the relationship between rats and cfls remaining somewhat unexplained...).  what budgets are made available to the department are going only into productive research, clearly!secondly, what is also clear so far is that recent efforts in the eere group to drive commercialization are having some immediately positive effects, as evidenced by the strong presentations by researchers.  the first day was very informative, with a lot of great market and cost data in key research areas like solar and biofuels.  and the technologies presented as available for commercialization, while necessarily just a flavor of the overall volume of research being undertaken, show a thoughtful recognition of the realities both of the market and of technology needs on the ground.  it was a very strong performance and hopefully a good jump-start in turning some of these needed technologies into new entrepreneurial efforts toward broad market adoption.amidst all the ongoing debate about governmental policies and broader positions on energy and environmental issues, this event by the eere group has done a lot to bring together clean energy technologists and potential financial backers, and will hopefully become a regular event.---------------------------------making news today is the public announcement that the cleantech group (parents of the cleantech venture network) has acquired inside greentech.  the merged groups will launch a new cleantech media effort, cleantech.com, with inside greentech's dallas kachan heading up the group.congratulations to both groups, it's a great match and (as i'm quoted suggesting in inside greentech's announcing article) a great indication that cleantech is continuing to capture investor and business leader interest.  enough to support multiple media efforts covering the sector, at least.  neal dikeman had a very good post today recapping much of the recent ramp-up in green tech media activity.more to follow as this fast-emerging space continues to evolve.---------------------------------final note on the day:  even two years after katrina, the revitalization efforts continue.  this effort to marry rebuilding efforts and green building technologies is worth noting...



posted by rob day at 10:14 pm
2 comments














rob day is a boston-based principal with @ventures, a venture capital group that invests in early-stage and mid-stage technology companies.  the primary focus of @ventures' fifth fund, formed in 2004, is on investments in the cleantech sector, including alternative energy, energy storage and efficiency, and water purification technologies.  the views expressed on this website are those of rob and his friends and colleagues, not necessarily the views of @ventures.  email rob.
 rss feeds:





 




enter your email


preview | powered by feedblitz
links
@ventures
cleantech venture network
renewable energy business network
clean edge
venturebeat
joel makower: two steps forward
altenergystocks.com
clean break
pe week wire
gil friend
the energy blog
clean energy future
wendman's views on nanotech
new ventures
gog2g
energies nouvelles en francais
renewable post
inside greentech
1000 green logos
mr. cleantech
energy tech stocks
xconomy | kendall square
mit energy club online forum
nathanael greene's blog (nrdc)
earth2tech
other vc blogs
venture again
venture blog
allen's blog
above the crowd
southeast vc
northwest vc
geekfishing blog
the j curve
venture chronicles
nw venture voice
due diligence
beyond vc
deep green crystals
a vc
feld thoughts
boston vc blog
burnham's beat
the vc channel
pacific venture club weblog
seattle pi: john cook's venture blog
cleantechblog

previous posts

you're in the wrong spot!
expansion capital and tioga energy
overdue update
cleantech investing acquired by greentech media
propel biofuels
enertech, secure energy, reklaim, thermilate, and ...
4th annual energy tech investor conference:  photo...
doe vc day, and inside greentech
are electric vehicles the next "frothy" cleantech ...
heliovolt and metrolight

archives

march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007


what is "cleantech"? 
the term "cleantech" refers to technologies that:
- use energy, water and other raw materials more efficiently and productively,
- deliver equal or superior performance,
- improve customer profitability, through cost reduction and/or increased revenues, and
- create less waste or toxicity
...compared to incumbent technologies 






unique visitors to date










@ventures is not responsible for any of the content of this website, nor do they necessarily agree with the viewpoints expressed within






legal notices
acceptance of terms
this site ("cleantech investing") and its contents are provided to you, subject to the following terms of service ("tos"), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. you can review the most current version of the tos at any time at http://cleantechvc.blogspot.com. if you do not agree to these tos, please do not use cleantech investing. we reserve the right, at our discretion, to update or revise these tos. please check the terms periodically for changes. your continued use of this site following the posting of any changes to the tos constitutes acceptance of those changes.

third party sites
cleantech investing provides links to other websites on the internet. cleantech investing does not assume any responsibility for such content and makes no express or implied warranty about the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, merchantability, or any other aspect of the content of such sites. cleantech investing is not responsible or liable for any advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such websites or resources. the inclusion of such a link does not imply endorsement of the websites by cleantech investing or any association with their operators.

creative commons license
you acknowledge and agree that all content and materials available on cleantech investing are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights and laws. all original content on cleantech investing is licensed under a creative commons license and is subject to the terms and conditions of the license at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/ ("creative commons license"). by submitting content to cleantech investing, you agree that it is subject to the same terms and conditions as cleantech investing's creative commons license.

opinions expressly those of authors
the opinions expressed in cleantech investing state only those opinions of the author of such post (as is clearly designated). while the authors of cleantech investing are current or former venture investors with various venture capital partnerships, the opinions they express in cleantech investing do not necessarily reflect the opinions of such venture capital partnerships and should not be taken as such.

disclaimer of warranties
you expressly understand and agree that:
a. your use of cleantech investing is at your sole risk. cleantech investing is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. cleantech investing expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.

b. cleantech investing makes no warranty that (i) it will meet your requirements, (ii) it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the information that may be obtained from the use of cleantech investing will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material obtained by you through cleantech investing will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the software will be corrected.

c. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you through or from cleantech investing shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the tos.

limitation of liability
you expressly understand and agree that cleantech investing shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if cleantech investing has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use cleantech investing; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from cleantech investing; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on cleantech investing; or (v) any other matter relating to cleantech investing.

exclusions and limitations
some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. accordingly, some of the above limitations of sections 4 and 5 may not apply to you but only to the extent required by applicable law.

special admonition regarding financial information
you understand that cleantech investing is furnished for informational purposes only, and that no mention of a particular company or security in cleantech investing constitutes a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold that or any other security, or that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person. you further understand that cleantech investing will not advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy or other matter. to the extent any of the information contained on cleantech investing may be deemed to be investment advice, such information is impersonal and not tailored to the investment needs of any specific person.

cleantech investing may contain opinions from time to time with regard to securities and any or all contributors to cleantech investing, or their affiliates, may hold positions in securities. the contents of cleantech investing are written by current or former venture investors. it is their business to buy and sell securities. cleantech investing will use reasonable efforts to disclose when an author writes about a company in which that author has an interest, or about a competitor thereof. cleantech investing's principal authors are current or former venture investors with their respective partnerships, so you should assume that the authors have an interest in all companies in their partnerships' publicly disclosed portfolios, which can be viewed at such partnerships' websites. cleantech investing will make no efforts to update past posts to reflect current interests.

cleantech investing is provided for informational purposes only, and no content included in cleantech investing is intended for trading or investing purposes. cleantech investing and its licensors shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via cleantech investing, and shall not be responsible or liable for any trading or investment decisions made based on such information.

indemnity
you agree to indemnify and hold cleantech investing, and its affiliates, officers or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post, transmit or make available through cleantech investing, your use of cleantech investing, your connection to cleantech investing, your violation of the tos, or your violation of any rights of another.
with thanks to david hornik's ventureblog for the above legal language

.

copyright 2007, robert day.  not for re-printing or re-use without permission.




