






  







	pro shocks - racing and performance shocks








































                    catalog
                

                    newsletter
                

                    login
                

                    my garage
                

                    855.682.4404
                




















shop by product





tech central





authorized rebuilders





about





contact



 
	submit your photos


















{{totalincart}}


















                        go
                    


                    -or-
                



make


model


year


                        go
                    



















4-way adjustable shocks


triple adjustable shocks


double adjustable shocks


single adjustable shocks


monotube shocks


single adjustable twin tube shocks




3-position rebound adjustable coil-over shocks


non-adjustable shocks


non-adjustable twin tube shocks




shock accessories


springs


tapered springs


coil-over springs















precision and winning for over 30 years.
a reputation for building winning racing and performance shocks.
shop now









                featured
            

                non-adjustable shocks
            

                tapered springs
            









racing and performance shocks. precision and winning for over 30 years.
pro shocks has built a winning reputation for designing and manufacturing quality racing and performance suspension components for over 30 years. producing shocks that win on all levels starts with a comprehensive knowledge of chassis dynamics. from there, stringent tolerances are held during the assembly and dyno process so that the finished product performs better than expected. at pro shocks, winning is something we enjoy doing every day. success starts with attention to detail and ends with you.











a1/acf1 single adjustable series
through racing applications and in-house dyno evaluation, pro shocks has developed the ultimate rebound adjustable shock.
shop now





asb non-adjustable series
new and improved with the same damping curves as the proven non-adjustable big body series.
shop now





x non-adjustable series
the ultimate non-adjustable shock for sprint car, pavement late model, and dirt late model applications.
shop now










circle track, street rod, muscle car professionals.
building a program that remains an industry leader for 30 years takes great racing and performance shocks. it also takes great tech and customer support people. pro shocks is made up of race-oriented professionals who understand circle tracks, street rods and muscle cars. they understand the need to get racing and performance parts right. and they understand that it takes excellence to win.





what's new?















manufacturing processes that set the bar for shocks.
producing the best racing and performance shocks requires a manufacturing environment which holds the most stringent tolerances during the assembly and dyno process. because pro shocks manufacturing precision is widely known, the company builds the private label shocks for some of the world’s largest racing and performance parts distributors. the pro shocks building process sets the bar for shock manufacturing.
















































physical address
                        977 hyrock blvd.
                        boonville, in 47601
                    

mailing address
                        p.o. box 548
                        boonville, in 47601
                    

sales and technical support
                        800-632-2320
                        open daily monday-friday
                        8 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. cst
                    






resources



 
	catalog




	blog





	newsletter





	logos





	product photos





	videos





	dealer application





my garage



 
	shopping cart





	my orders





get help



 
	contact





	warranty / returns policy





	stock adjustments





	payment terms





	family and medical leave act





	equal employment opportunity





	employee polygraph protection act





	employment application











    
                ©2025 afco performance group. all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms & conditions | right to opt out























