

 






home - benbella books
































































 











search our books
 
 









back to the cutting board
 







family don’t end with blood
 







the actor’s life
 





search our authors

 









dr. t. colin campbell 







lauren maillian 







michelle gielan 





search the site















bulk order discount
if you are ordering more than 24 copies, we can offer you deeper discounts. please contact us at
                    shop@benbellabooks.com to receive specific quotes and process
                    your order.

go back







warning
adding this pre-order to your cart will remove any items currently in the cart. pre-orders must be
                    ordered separately.

cancel
view cart
continue to place pre-order



















					what to know before purchasing an epub


										an epub is an open industry format known for its compatibility across e-readers and other devices, though accessing this file type does require an app or software to read. this file type is not a one-click reading experience such as a pdf or similar. view our epub guide to learn more. once you purchase and then download your file from your confirmation email from us, you will not be able to immediately open and read it without one of these apps or services.					 
note: kindle readers can and should purchase epub files to read on their kindle devices or via the kindle app. as of august 2022, amazon no longer supports mobi files.
				









 menu
 

search  










about
publishing with us
pitching benbella
staff
store
contact
 

about
publishing with us
pitching benbella
staff
store
contact
 







join our newsletter list


enter your email address

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ




































































































































































welcome to benbella books! benbella is a marketing-focused, author-friendly publishing house whose success is based on a few simple principles. we select our titles with care. we provide authors with first-class service and genuine partnership. and we provide aggressive, creative marketing for each title we publish. find out more about benbella’s unique approach to publishing.


what authors say about benbella






our imprints
































distributed by simon & schuster






























more to explore

benbella podcast
benbella blog
benbella books catalogs
jobs at benbella
benbella authors
press
 


connect with us








privacy policy
terms of use
 


© 2009 - 2025&nbspbenbella books, inc. all right reserved.
web site by            laura yeffeth




 
































