

























anmed | better care starts here | anderson & clemson | ne ga










      skip to main content
    












careers


about


contact


mychart































find a doctor


search by condition, name, or specialty





find providers within:



best match
relevancegeofield (distance)






      search help
    

a specialty is a doctor's area of expertise, like "family medicine" or "cardiology."







view all doctors







services


search for services and treatments












view all services







locations


search for locations by name or service lines





search







        search help
      

names include "anmed medical center" and "anmed care connect," for example.
        service lines are areas of care, like "women's health," "pediatrics" or "heart and vascular,"
          for example. 






view all locations







for patients & visitors


visiting hours & policies





pay a bill





financial assistance





accepted insurance





view all patients & visitors information




healthy living resources


classes & events





healthy together blog





view all healthy living resources information





















 






  better care starts here.


at anmed, we provide compassionate, modern care that allows us to see each patient not just as an individual, but also a member of the community we’re all proud to call home.


learn more




 








 




let's connect

whether you want to visit us, support us or manage your care, we make it as easy as possible to find what you need.















schedule an appointment










pay a bill










volunteer










access medical records










donate










find a job










 











primary care

live well with routine care from a friendly primary care doctor at anmed—your partner in long-term health.










urgent care

careconnect’s weekday, weekend and evening hours mean you'll find prompt urgent care on your schedule.










emergency care

when every minute counts, we're ready to respond with timely, lifesaving emergency care and treatment.










specialty care

with specialists in dozens of areas, anmed offers the expertise you need.










home health visits

let us bring compassionate home health care and services to you in the comfort of your home. 










virtual visits

getting care is easier than ever thanks to our new virtual urgent care option in partnership with musc.










right care, right time
no matter your needs, anmed offers care to fit your situation. learn how to choose the best type of care for you or your loved one.

care options








 





mychart patient portal

view test results, send a message to your provider and do much more in our secure online portal. mychart is safe, fast and easy—and it's available whenever you are.


explore mychart








 





careers
great organizations are founded on great people, and anmed is no exception. join our supportive team to enjoy a competitive salary and benefits in a welcoming, inclusive environment.

view opportunities







medical education
whether you're an aspiring nurse, physician, nurse practitioner or radiologic technologist, you'll find valuable training opportunities at anmed. 

explore programs







anmed foundation 
when you support anmed foundation, you help make life better for your friends, family and neighbors in the anderson area. 

give back 








 




healthy together







 



counterfeit car seats are increasingly common & potentially dangerous
a good deal on what appears to be a name brand can carry a steep cost. counterfeit car seats are becoming increasingly common, and they may not keep babies safe.
dec 18, 2024






 



what to know about diabetes: here’s how to get the help you need and how to help yourself
with millions affected and serious health risks, understanding how to manage diabetes is important.
nov 01, 2024






 



this ect is not what some patients expect
for hard-to-treat depression, advanced options like ect, tms and spravato offer new hope. learn how anmed's team can help you find relief.
oct 18, 2024






 



breast cancer screening guidelines updated
october is breast cancer awareness month. new guidelines recommend mammograms for all women starting at age 40. early detection is key to survival. schedule your screening at anmed today.
oct 01, 2024





see more stories










 






anmed piedmont: getting closer every day
progress is being made on the construction of anmed piedmont. the campus represents an investment of more than $35 million to deliver emergency services, primary care, specialty care, laboratory services and more to an area in need. read moreview the latest site progress.


 







 




recent news







how to save a life
february 12, 2025





new book helps children prepare for tonsillectomies
january 03, 2025





anmed expands therapy with elite partnership
january 02, 2025





anmed earns ‘a’ grade for hospital safety from leapfrog group
november 15, 2024




see all news








upcoming events







feb
18


mobile mammo screening: pendleton - feb 18

date:
tuesday - february 18, 2025


time:
8:30 am


location:

anmed primary care - pendleton


anmed's mobile mammography unit brings convenient, private screenings to women 40+. schedule your mammogram today in the pendleton area for early detection.






feb
19


mobile mammo screening: honea path, sc - feb 19

date:
wednesday - february 19, 2025


time:
8:30 am


location:

anmed primary care - honea path


anmed's mobile mammography unit brings convenient, private screenings to women 40+. schedule your mammogram today in honea path for early detection.






feb
20


mobile mammo screening: wren area, sc - feb 20

date:
thursday - february 20, 2025


time:
8:30 am


location:

anmed primary care - wren


anmed's mobile mammography unit brings convenient, private screenings to women 40+. schedule your mammogram today in the wren area for early detection.





see all events










 




bringing exceptional, compassionate care to all those who call our community home.





















800 n. fant street
anderson, sc 29621
united states

864-512-1000





facebook


instagram


linkedin


x


youtube








medical education


anmed foundation


for healthcare professionals & staff


news & media


patient rights & responsibilities


language & interpreter services


third-party verification


price transparency




























doctors










services










locations










search






© 2025 anmed. all rights reserved. | accessibility statement | privacy & legal















