






vtk - the visualization toolkit





























kitware
open source
 












about

overview
history
features
license
participants
logo
citation


vtk in action

image gallery
videos
kitware applications
other applications


flavors

javascript
c# / .net
trame
web
ar and vr


resources

getting started
examples
documentation
repository and issue tracker
community support
dashboard


services

professional support
training


download
vtk support
 





select page


  
 



 



 











leverage the power of vtk by partnering with kitware

what it's like to work with us















process images and create 3d computer graphics with the visualization toolkit.







download

courses



services

mailing lists



guide and textbook

feature request







about vtk







the visualization toolkit (vtk) is open source software for manipulating and displaying scientific data. it comes with state-of-the-art tools for 3d rendering, a suite of widgets for 3d interaction, and extensive 2d plotting capability.
vtk is part of kitware’s collection of supported platforms for software development. the platform is used worldwide in commercial applications, as well as in research and development. for examples, please see vtk in action.







vtk blog posts



















                        why medical device leaders trust kitware for medical image innovations                      

kitware is a leader in medical imaging solutions. we provide state-of-the-art technology for a diverse range of needs in healthcare. whether you are an engineer, a product manager, or a marketing strategist at a major medical device company—or even a budding startup—kitware’s expertise and tools will accelerate your product development and deliver superior outcomes. transformative […]












                        vtk and numpy – a new take                      

ten years ago, i wrote this series of blogs introducing a (then) new way of interfacing vtk and numpy. in the first blog, i had a teaser that i then expanded on: over the last year, we have introduced a simpler and more pythonic interface. as of vtk 9.4, the code above can be expressed […]












                        vtk v9.4.0                      

the visualization toolkit (vtk) release planning team is happy to announce that v9.4.0 is now available.  for source, data, documentation, and python wheel packages, please visit the vtk download page. detailed release notes are published at https://gitlab.kitware.com/vtk/vtk/-/blob/v9.4.0/documentation/release/9.4.md although this is a minor release, many enhancements have been made since v9.3.1. some of the changes are […]









 










facebook




x




rss


kitware | what we do | open source | privacy notice | contact

 

 
 
 














