


















please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility
little rock, ar | river market




































skip to content











                    33°f
                                    


0
saved









navigation












river market eventsfood & drinkplaystayfarmers marketfacilities


aboutblogsmapsparking & transportationcontact us


 



















 











little rock’s most vibrant neighborhood

learn more
























home


river market









river market
 the river market district is the centerpiece of little rock’s downtown. it is a place to conduct business, grab a marvelous meal, or meet up with friends.













 

play










 

stay










 

river market events










 

farmers market










 

facilities

















 for many, the river market district is the lifeblood of little rock's downtown scene. it is a place to do business, grab a marvelous meal, meet up with friends or catch some great arkansas live music. no matter who you are, or what you’re after, the river market district is sure to be a good time. 
the river market also stands as the unofficial cultural center of little rock. on any given day you'll find international cuisine, skilled arkansas artists practicing their crafts and arkansas live music - be it a one-man band in the river market pavilion, local and regional artists at a jazz in the park concert or a national act in the amphitheater. 
also enjoy the vogel schwartz sculpture garden, one of the many museums in the district, catch the farmers' market or shop for clothing and more in nearby boutiques. the river market is a short walk, or streetcar ride, from most downtown hotels, making it one of the best spots to eat, shop, play and stay in little rock!






 















stories from river market






                                            
                
                    
        
want to know what's hot in little rock? read our blog posts here.

learn more 








 















                        
                        about                                
in the heart of downtown, the river market district offers a market hall with an exciting mix of  vendors that will entice your senses.



details 















                        
                        maps                                
the river market district is located in the heart of downtown little rock, right on the arkansas river. when entering little rock on interstate 30 (east or west bound) take exit 141a.



details 















                        
                        parking & transportation                                
public parking is available in the river market deck at 2nd street and river market avenue. there are also several surface parking lots and multiple on-street parking spaces available throughout the district.



details 













river lights in the rock







                        
                
                    
        
each night, downtown little rock glows as three bridges spanning the arkansas river are lit up with amazing colors and hourly animations after dark.

learn more 






 









begin your river market experience at ottenheimer hall







                        
                
                    
        
the downtown river market district is little rock’s premier entertainment neighborhood, with museums, a park, and a number of restaurants, bars and shops. ottenheimer hall is a great place to begin exploring…

learn more 






 









all aboard – ride the rails in the river market







                        
                
                    
        
explore the river market in historic style – metro streetcar operators give guided tours along the way, while signs at many stops show real-time arrival information.

learn more 






 






















400 president clinton ave | little rock, ar 72201
(501) 375-2552 | info@rivermarket.info

 




river market eventsfood & drinkplaystayfarmers marketfacilities



visitor guide
e-newsletter

 








                        © 2025 little rock convention & visitors bureau. all rights reserved.
                    



operated by









we use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website. by browsing our website, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies.

            


    learn more
accept



experience builder



 




quick search









full search








 




location map




 






stay in touch
get little rock’s best in your inbox! from local events to community news, our newsletter will keep you up to date and in the loop, or sign up for a free vacation planning guide!

sign up for our email newsletter
request a free visitors guide 









