


martial arts foundation
























































martial arts foundation international











home




events




registration




articles




members




donations




contact us























































welcome





appreciating those who appreciate martial arts!















































































who we are







martial arts foundation is an organization founded by kyoshi larry l. mabson during the eary 1990's. maf events are open to all martial art styles and systems. our primary focus is to promote discipline, respect, honor, personal accountability and leadership through the philosophy of martial art activities. an increasing number of kids are tempted by certain elements of today's society that produce negative and/or none productive behavior. likewise, there are significant numbers of adults who have drifted from the everyday practice of fundamental courtesy, community involvement and a demand for children, family and friends to be accountable for their actions. maf strives to maintain basic values of goodwill and community development through the support of young kids, teens and adult martial art students of all ages and martial art styles by providing quality ongoing martial art activities. since maf's inception many martial art schools, associations, businesses and special interest groups have participated in it's activities and are proud affiliates with the organization. 














































what we do









































annual free tournaments






free tournaments have become a popular event for competitors of all ages and styles. individuals travel throughout the state of florida and abroad to attend and complete in this annual open tournament without the financial pressures of admission fees associated with other martial arts promotional events. more...


















































goodwill events






goodwill events are centered around supporting causes of special interests or circumstances. many of our past goodwill events dealt with fundraising tournaments, seminars and other activities to assist families of fallen officers, children's back to school supplies, martial art medical or funeral arrangements, member scholarship fund, and more.​









>> email registration <<











































low cost activities






promoting and hosting low cost activities have always been a fundamental interest of maf.  our goal is to offer alternatives to the increasing cost of other martial art events that limit a significant number of people who cannot afford to participate. thus, missing opportunities which provide unique benefits from such participation.





















































review





































































































































































































































admin 



















































