








oceanears underwater speakers 2025 - oceanears

























































 








skip to content
















 
underwater sound systems













industry leaders in underwater diver  communications, sound systems & technology 








 

home
system uses

aquarium systems
acoustic diver recall systems
government and military
in-pool entertainment systems
synchronized swimming
underwater acoustic research
underwater cinematography


oceanears products

oceanears premier sound systems
acoustic diver recall systems
jam underwater sound system
synchronized swimming sound system
underwater pool speaker
drs-8 underwater speaker array
underwater speaker drs-6 mod 2r
underwater speaker drs-8


news

our story


gallery

oceanears video gallery
oceanears photo gallery


affiliations
contact us
 




oceanears site map 









 
pool sound systems











 
diver recall systems











 
synchronized swimming











 
military & security































oceanears. the finest underwater sound systems 



oceanears is your number one source for top quality underwater speakers, loudspeakers and diver recall systems in the world. our devices are used for a large range of aquatic needs. we provide everything from synchronized swimming sound systems to u.s. navy approved diver signaling devices and diver recall systems.founded in 1991, oceanears has 30 years of experience in the underwater sound industry. we’ve mastered the technique of creating high-quality underwater communication devices for all aquatic environments. whether your goal is to add underwater speakers to your swimming pool or ensure clear communication with your fellow divers – oceanears is your solution. 









 
oceanears dsd-6e acoustic diver signaling device














the "jam" system - just always music 



introducing oceanears updated “jam”(just always music) underwater acoustic sound system with a drs-8 underwater speaker. plays hi-fidelity underwater music from your device. perfect for marine research facilities to play sounds and music underwater to sharks, whales, dolphins, etc. speaker features a large bass speaker for lower frequencies. 




 







more info? click here, then call ed at 330-896-3644.











 















underwater sound project? call (330) 896-3644 or contact oceanears and let us help you! 












oceanears drs-8 portable underwater speaker is a state of the art piezoelectric flexural disc transducer that will provide years of reliable service, and offers a low-cost option for projecting sounds underwater. oceanears drs-8 underwater speakers were also used at the 1996 olympic games in atlanta, the 2008 olympic games beijing in the “water cube”, and most recently in the 2016 rio dejaneiro, brazil olympic games.these are just several of the high quality systems we provide at oceanears for supporting synchronized swimming around the world.
oceanears is also working on creating new and innovative ways to use our technology in the future. we are currently involved in developing a diver communication system based on oceanears underwater speaker technology where all voice transmissions by the diver are in the audible range of hearing so that no receiver is required by the dive buddy to hear the voice.
we are also involved in animal deterrent systems using our underwater speakers. 







underwater sound systems – a real sound value! ~ 





lori harper - oceanearsed harper - oceanears 














 







 







 







 



oceanears provided the underwater sound systems of these olympic games! 











members of dema since 2015. at the dema show in 2015 through 2019.oceanears underwater speakers are used in port protection security systems in the fight on terrorism. high quality underwater voice transmissions are required for these systems to talk to potential bad guys at long ranges. 







oceanears proudly provides high quality devices for eod, mdsu, seals and special forces dive teams for diver recall around the world. we take pride in our work and strive to develop new devices for future underwater sound endeavors for the u.s military. 



 
















 







 



our synchronized swimming sound system was used at the 2016 olympic games in rio de janeiro, brazil. 







 







 







if you are serious about synchro, then you need an oceanears synchro sound system >>> 











shark week! 





















neutral buoyancy lab in support of the u.s. space program			


oceanears drs-8 underwater speakers have been in use at the neutral


read more »		

























welcome
oceanears blog
oceanears system uses
videos & pictures
contact oceanears
 

 

welcome
oceanears blog
oceanears system uses
videos & pictures
contact oceanears
 













oceanears underwater sound systems - aquariums / diver communications / swimmers / military 









 
pool sound systems











 
diver recall systems











 
synchronized swimming











 
military & security









 



proudly made in the usa 















we are the number one source for top of the line underwater speakers/loudspeakers and diver recall systems in the world. our devices are used for a large range of aquatic needs, from synchronized swimming sound systems to u.s. navy approved diver signaling devices. 










view all oceanears products







 



subscribe to our soundwaves newsletterclick here to stay updated on our products and travels by subscribing to our newsletter.follow oceanears on faceboook!see where in the world we are traveling and stay updated on what we’re up to by following along on social media.all prices shown are us dollars 







 











contact oceanears here…o.e. enterprises1638 cottonwood dr.north canton, oh 44720-1102(330) 896-3644oceanears@gmail.commonday-sunday: 8:00a-8:00p 




 proudly made in the usa





 















all content copyright © oceanears / oe enterprises | all rights reserved | privacy policy | terms of use 







powered with futurealm 













 































