





wif movers las vegas, nv - best local moving companies in nevada




























































  toggle navigation    




home
about us
contact us
 












how to pack and protect your area rugs when moving















 

 how to pack and protect your area rugs when moving  

jan 31, 2019
pack and protect rugs by				wifmovers				

moving takes a great deal of time, effort and patience. you need hours upon hours of planning and must pack all of your items in a way that protects them. however, certain things can be challenging when you can’t simply pack them safely into a box. your area rugs are definitely in that category.
due to their value, whether you spent a lot of money on them or if they were handed down to you as a precious family heirloom, it’s important to know how to pack and protect them for your move properly.
1. clean them first
the first thing you will want to do prior to packing your rugs is to clean them. run your vacuum cleaner over the entirety of each area rug to pick up any loose debris, dirt, and dust. afterward, you might want to go a step further and tackle any stains that may be present by spot-cleaning them with a rag and cleanser.
if you have any rugs that are very old, fragile or valuable, you might want to have them professionally cleaned.
2. roll them
rolling up a rug isn’t as simple as it seems. you have to follow a certain process to ensure that they remain in the best condition. improper rolling can result in warps in your rugs that can be permanent. only use a flat surface for rolling your rugs and smooth out any bumps or creases.
you might want to have help from another person while performing this task. additionally, you should only roll your rug with the soft part facing outward.
3. tie them
after properly rolling your rugs, secure them to prevent them from unrolling during the move. most professional moving companies, like http://www.cheapmoverscleveland.com/, suggest using movers’ wrap to secure each end of the rug and prevent it from unrolling. moving plastic wrap sticks to itself, but not the rug, so it won’t cause your rug to snare. if you don’t have professional-grade plastic wrap at your disposal, you can use rope or twine instead.
 4. cover them
before you store your area rugs into the moving truck, you must take ample time to cover them. this simultaneously protects and keeps them clean. you can use either a blanket or a canvas cover if you are moving long distance and need your rugs to go into storage.
if you do store any rugs, they should be kept in temperatures ranging between 40 and 60 degrees fahrenheit in a place that is well ventilated. however, if you are merely doing a local move, you can simply use a plastic cover.
you should avoid plastic if your move will take some time because some weather conditions can lead to condensation inside, which can damage your rugs.
5. unroll them
once you have arrived at your new home, you should quickly unroll your rugs. doing this as soon as possible gives them a better chance of being able to lay flat. however, if the corners don’t lie flat and curl up, you can use double-sided tape to keep them down. or, temporarily set something heavy on the corners, like a stack of books, to train the corners flush with the floor.
following these steps will ensure that your area rugs will stay well protected for your move. they will look just as good as new when you arrive at your new destination as well.





 

 pro packing guide for your makeup & beauty products  

jan 30, 2019
packing beauty products by				wifmovers				

as you are preparing for your upcoming move, one thing that you could be unsure about is how you are going to pack and move your beauty products.
here are a few pro tips from cheap movers sacramento to can help you pack up your beauty products the right way.
1. get rid of beauty products that you don’t need
first of all, now is an excellent time to purge any beauty products that you don’t need or use. you might have empty bottles or used-up palettes still in your vanity or bathroom cabinets, toss them.
when going through your products, look for anything that is expired, and throw these items away.
if you have items that are still in good shape but that you know you won’t use, consider tossing them, giving them away to friends or donating them.

2. pack essentials separately
there are probably some products that you use every day and that you don’t want to go very long without. consider packing these separately, such as in a small cosmetic bag, and keeping them in your purse. then, you’ll have your essentials close by, if it takes a while to get everything unpacked.
3. use plastic zip-lock bags
when packing your items, consider putting them in plastic zip-lock bags before you toss them in your boxes. this will help you keep like items together, and if you have any liquid bottles, it will help prevent them from leaking everywhere if there is a spill.
consider reusing your disposable bags after you move.  wash them thoroughly in soapy water, rinse them out and then hang them to air dry.
4. tape products shut
some products that open easily may need to be taped shut. for example, you may want to put a piece of tape on a palette that never seems to stay shut in your makeup bag, or you can seal the lids on bottles of perfume or other liquid products. this will help prevent spills.

5. add some padding
it’s not a good idea to just toss your beauty products into a box. after all, glass bottles — such as perfume bottles — could easily break. you also have to worry about your palettes cracking and breaking.
therefore, consider adding a little bit of padding. you can use packing peanuts or old newspaper to pad your boxes. consider wrapping glass bottles separately in the newspaper for extra protection.
6. line boxes with towels
you have to pack the towels from your bathroom anyway, and one pro tip is to line your boxes with your towels. then, if there does happen to be a spill of your beauty products, you can count on your sheets to help sop up some of the mess. this will help prevent the spill from getting on everything else.
if you follow these tips, you can help ensure that your beauty products are properly packed to be moved. this can help you guarantee that your products are still in good shape when they arrive at your new home.





 

 six things you should know before moving your things into storage  

sep 14, 2018
moving to storage by				wifmovers				

if you are thinking about moving some of your things into storage, don’t leap without a parachute. all storage units are not equal, but the one you select must meet your needs. consider these tips for ensuring that you protect and safeguard your belongings in a storage facility. 1. do your research first the facility […]





 

 commercial moving tips you shouldn’t relocate your office without  

sep 5, 2018
commercial moving tips by				wifmovers				

relocating an office is a difficult task, but by following certain tips, it the task can be finished without exerting too much effort. just like moving from one home to another, moving an office requires the basics like planning and working with a reliable moving company. here are some of the tips that can help you out if you wanted to move your office to another location:
1. plan ahead.
planning is one of the most important phases of moving an office. the movement would not go successfully if no plans were made. office owners should remember that the plan should be made 4 to 6 months before the actual date of moving out.
you also need to remember that when moving an office, all of the details must be considered, as the date of the movement, the time, the items that will be transferred, and the moving company that will be contacted for the service. you should also call all of the concerned parties to confirm reservations and the services for the date that you wanted.
employees should also be considered when making a move, and they should also do their plans. if the office equipment is not relocated to the new site, try to auction or sell some of them which do not contain any sensitive data, and buy new ones for the new site. a map and a floor plan of the new location should also be made, and before the date of movement, the employees must be familiar with it.
2. assign a moving manager.
you can delegate more than just the packing, and appointing a moving manager should be your priority. this person’s sole job should be overseeing everything about the relocation while ensuring everything runs smoothly on a macro level. administrative assistants and anyone who has previous moving experience are the best candidates for this task.
3. choose the best office moving company.
many moving companies offer commercial moving services in addition to traditional residential moving services. when selecting a mover, you want to be sure to choose one that is reputable, with the proper licensing and insurance, in case something goes wrong during the move. check licensing credentials with your state’s regulatory authority (typically the state department of transportation or public utilities commission). if the company isn’t licensed, it’s one you should avoid working with! remember that choosing the company with the best deals may not always be prudent. read reviews online to see what other customers have to say before proceeding with a company.  after determining the office movers that you want to work with, make sure to book the moving date between one to three months in advance.

4. prepare the it team for the transfer.
one of the first departments that have to be transferred to the new office location would be the it team. they are the ones responsible for the technical aspect of the new office. they should be given the notice three months before the actual date of movement so that they could transfer all of the files needed, do some backups, and set up the connections required for the new site.
when moving offices, the new location must already be equipped with the technicalities so that operations could start immediately. companies would always consider their it team because they are the ones who make all of the connectivity possible.
5. send a notice to all clients and partners about the transfer.
after moving to a new office location, you should immediately send a notification to your clients and business partners about the movement. you also have to update the company’s address everywhere –websites, social media pages, business cards, etc.

6. check the rules where you’re going.
if you don’t own the building where you’re going, you have to know what’s with the owner. disaster can strike if you get there with all of your stuff and find out that you’re not allowed to use the service elevator, for example.
7. label everything.
the only thing worse than getting where you’re going and not being able to use the service elevator is getting where you’re going and finding out you have to unpack every box to find out what’s in it. be sure to label everything beforehand!
8. schlep the small stuff yourselves.
why waste moving professionals’ time with small plants, file boxes you intend to keep, and such? take your small stuff with you, and have your employees do the same before the “big day.” the more you get over there early, the quicker your main move will go. just be sure that showing up with stuff before moving day is allowed.





 

 five tips for a stress-free interstate long distance move  

aug 31, 2018
stress free moving by				wifmovers				

moving down the street can be incredibly stressful. if you’re moving long-distance, though, the stress might be piling up. you could be thinking about all of the things that you have to do and all of the things that could go wrong with your move. if you follow these tips, though, you can make things less stressful for yourself while making sure that your move goes off without a hitch.

1. hire the right long-distance moving company
first of all, you should know that handling your long-distance move is a big no-no. trying to handle your move when you’re moving from one place to another within the same city is hard enough, and even that’s not recommended. if you’re going to be crossing state lines, particularly if you’re going to be doing so multiple times, you’re going to need some help.
do your research, and find a good long-distance moving company that you can count on to help you with your move.
2. don’t wait until the last minute to get started
even if you’re someone who is always procrastinating, it’s important to get in gear and get started with your move as early as you can. it’s never too soon to start sorting through things. then, you can organize your belongings, get rid of stuff that you aren’t going to be taking with you and otherwise get ready for your move.
as the moving date draws closer, you can start packing up the stuff that you and your family don’t use on a daily basis. the more that you do now, the less you’ll have to worry about later, which can greatly reduce your stress levels and help you meet your moving deadline.
3. get your whole family involved
the others in your family can help you with the move. even if your kids are fairly young, they can help with small things. in fact, allowing them to help can ease their anxiety about moving. the more that everyone pitches in, the more smoothly things will go.
4. make arrangements for kids or pets
if you’ve got kids, you might need a day or two when they are being watched elsewhere so that you can get things done. the same might be true for your pets. taking your kid to daycare or a family member’s house or having a dog kennel watch your dogs for a day or two is a great way to avoid stressing them out. plus, it’ll make things easier for you, too.

5. pack important necessities separately
you and your family will need certain things right away after the move if you don’t need them while you’re en route to your new home. therefore, packing medication, clothing and toiletry items, along with other necessities, separately is smart.
as you can see, if you’re worried about your long-distance move, there are a few things you can keep in mind to help make things easier and less stressful. if you follow these tips and do what you can to go along with the flow, you might find that your long-distance move is much easier than you ever thought it would be.


 






connect with ussearch



search
improve your home 


  latest posts 

how to pack and protect your area rugs when moving


pro packing guide for your makeup & beauty products


six things you should know before moving your things into storage


commercial moving tips you shouldn’t relocate your office without


five tips for a stress-free interstate long distance move


 












share nowfooter linkshome
about us
contact us
get in touch let us help you move! reach us now. to reach us, you can message us or email us at office@wiflasvegas.org.
 








          © copyright 2025. wif movers. all rights reserved | privacy policy
































































































































































