



	electrical estimating software - power! estimator







 




home
products

ordering
online tour
free demo
reviews
support
contact us






 






home
products
ordering
online tour
free demo
reviews
contact us














 
 


 
got electrical estimating and billing software?



 
 


 
 "electrical estimating and billing software that is fast, accurate and very easy-to-use." 


 
 


 
watch a demonstration from the creator of power! software  


 
 





products


 
the power! estimator and time & material billing software provides electrical contractors with a fast, easy solution to every day tasks: electrical estimating, electrical material pricing, invoicing, change orders, work orders, proposals/contracts, customer management, accounts receivable tracking, statements and more.


 
 





ordering


 
power! software is delivered via email links. no shipping charges!

                for over 30 years jaffe software systems has proven itself the industry leader in providing excellent electrical estimating software, billing and material pricing software for small to mid-size electrical contractors, at previously unheard of low prices.


 
 





free demo


 
try before you buy - for free! the power! estimator and time & material billing software v9.9.2 is compatible with pc computers running windows 10 v1904 or earlier, 8, and 7.


 
 





online software tours


 
watch online software tours of our electrical estimating software, the power! estimator. watch and learn how powerful & easy our electrical estimator software is.
                
                 
                 also tour our power! time & material billing software. see how quick and easy it is to make invoices and track the money owed to you. 


 
 





price updating


 
we've built in a number of ways to keep up-to-date with electrical material pricing changes. 
                
                1) the built-in prices are easily changed individually or globally by a percentage. consider that most electrical contractors only use 50 to 200 electrical items on a regular basis. so changing pricing manually is really very simple. a great source of current pricing, at your discount level is the invoices you receive from your electrical wholesaler. it's the most accurate source for items you use at the price you pay. 
                
                2) our power! estimator™ software has a quote request feature to request pricing from your vendor. 
                
                3) prices can easily be changed on the fly for just one estimate or invoice. 
                
                4) prices can be updated from a computer file, if supplied by your electrical parts distributor. 
                



 
 





power! network add-on 


 
our power! network add-on adds licensing and networking features to our electrical estimator and invoicing software, the power! estimator and t&m billing software. 


 
 





reviews


 
for over 30 years electrical contractors have been raving about our electrical estimating and billing software, the power! estimator and time & material billing™. 
                
                read testimonials from electrical contractors using our electrical estimator and invoicing software - in every state of america.


 
 


 


"i enjoy the program. it's darn easy to use and cost less than your competitors inferior program. i did a $250,000 bid and it was right on. i won the bid and made a real good profit from that job. i also did a $125,000 job and another $250,000 and all came right on. your software is very accurate." - brock miller, pro line electric 

"i've downloaded your demo. wow!!! i'm sold! i have used tons of other estimating programs working for other contractors and dang near pulled my hair out bidding jobs. you guys did good! i will be making purchases in the near future and i guarantee your software will help me bid my first job. please let me know of any updates or new programs you come up with. you guys did an excellent job! thanks" - shane, hill hec technology 

"i have evaluated seven other estimating programs this week and power! wins hands down. there is absolutely no comparison in my book. my brother-in-law and cousin are also electricians and came to see what i was raving about and were both highly impressed with power! i used the program to set up and price a job that i was bidding against three other very well established businesses in my area and was awarded the job! the ability to adjust material markup, time loss, overhead and profit margin on one simple to understand summary is awesome! creating assemblies is my favorite, making receptacle and lighting and switching separation is incredible. all the features of the program are totally phenomenal." - freedom electrical services 

"the estimating software is working great. we bid 6 jobs and won 2. we got the very first bid we estimated, on a $70,000 job. it came within $3000 of the next bidder. the one's we lost were very close. who knows maybe the other estimator forgot something in his bid. this is the first estimating software our estimator has used. it's simple enough for a new estimator to implement." - km electric 

"you have a good program. this bidding program is saving us a fortune, i used to bid by hand. now i do it on the computer. we're making 40% more because our estimates are now in line with reality. your numbers are right on the money." - jeff roberts, rms electric 

"i love your t & m billing software! it has made my job 100 times easier. after my secretary left i had over 200 invoices to make up. thanks to your software i was able to quickly get all my invoices out and pay for my new computer and your software. i found the software very easy to use even though this is the first program i've ever used." - scott a. rosenberg, rodeo electrical services

"yes, i have used your system and was low bid on a local mall job. your software estimated the project $2000 higher than my own quote so i used your price and was low bid by $400. your system increased my profit by $1600!" - advanced electric and communications inc. 

"i recently bid a very large project manually. i had to call my vendor repeatedly over the 16 hours i spent on this take off to verify material pricing. the morning the bids were due in, i was going over the binder of data that i had compiled and was attempting to recheck my rechecking. i hadn't slept at all as i was putting the finishing touches on my take off and proposal. i was frustrated with the amount of time it took me to do these take offs, so i decided to try out some software to check my numbers again. i down loaded the power! demo and in a matter of 45 minutes i had entered all my data and had a number that was within $60.00 of my manual take off price. i think its important to mention that my selling price was $194, 594.00 and the power! number was $194,654.00. i was not awarded the contract but my price was within $3,000.00 of the price that did. i purchased the software and have been using it with much success.  i tried many of the other estimating software packages that are out there, some costing as much as $8,000.00. i have found power! to be the biggest bang for my small business buck. power! is by far easier to use and is far less complex. the customer support is great. if i have a question i get the answers i need. i look forward to any new software by jaffe. thank you. i wont miss those sleepless nights." - philip locke, president, advantage electric, inc.

"i recently estimated, and won a $40,000 bid on a new custom home, using your software. we love it. it's real easy, very user friendly program. we've been in business since april and we get 75% of the jobs we estimate. it's been phenomenal." - alliance electrical contractors 

"your software has been very helpful and the prices are accurate. it is very simple to use, even for a computer dummy like me." - mark rasimowicz, m-raz electric 

"your software has been flawless. it saves me a lot of time," - tony glenn, glenn's electric 

"the software works great. i've used it since day one i started my business. using the estimate and quotes we've gotten a lot of jobs and made lots of money. i'm tickled pink. if you got something that works stay with it and this software works great." - jimmy dix, eagle eye electrical

"i recently bought your software and already got 16 jobs. it paid for itself on the first job which got me into a great t&m billing job, which i still get work from. i've tried many other programs and like yours the best. the real beauty is the billing. i am doing 1/2 million a year. i can now do my estimating and invoicing faster than any other administrative job. i really believe this is the best program available. in 15 minutes i can have a $15k job done. i love it." - adtech electric 

"your software is a great guideline. it works real well. your competitor tried to get us to switch, but no way. i'm staying with your software because it works great. seems like with my estimates i come right in there with the price. in fact, i just won a fire station, by $300, for a $164,000 job using your estimator software! i also like the billing for generating job invoices." brad, crawford electric 

"just called to thank you for the great software i bought from you last week. i've already placed 3 bids. one has already gone to contract! thanks again, you have a very accurate product." - ed , eastern construction & electric "your software is awesome. i found it very easy to use. my first estimate with power! was $61,000 - $230 from the lowest bid! you guys are what you say are. also, your built-in prices are very close to what i pay for parts. you guys are providing a very valuable service." - donald betit, betit's electrical service 

"i got a $35,000 estimate done in 12 minutes! the boss is doing back flips and wants a license for his computer. the software is terrific and so easy a monkey could use it." - stephen, williamson electric 

"i have tried several of the estimating programs out there and i have not found one that is as easy to use as yours. on the demo alone i landed a very nice job consisting of a custom home at a total construction cost of $1.1 million. now that's got to be pretty good software, especially if i can use it." - mckibben electric company 

"i downloaded your demo yesterday. your software is one of the best i have used. it's awesome. i used to use (other software) which was very time consuming to use and costly. i have been playing around with this demo and found it very easy to follow and customize various fields. i did a takeoff i thought would take 1 1/2 hours. its only took me 20 minutes. the bid was within $200 on a $8000 job! and that was with just the demo! i would like to purchase this product. please contact me." - kevin f. cocchiola, k & l electric, llc 

click the "reviews" link above for more...




 
 





questions & answers


 
please click here for answers to some commonly asked questions.


 
 



 



home | products | ordering | online tour | free demo | reviews | support | contact us



copyright © 1991-2023 jaffe software systems. all rights reserved.



 



