











insurance continuing education (ce)  | bested ce















 
















best ed message

×












 

best ed
insurance continuing education


your license renewal destination
one stop shop for insurance ce
mobile device friendly






  


 home (current) 

 contact us 

 more 

navigate best ed
learn more q & a
corporate sales
mission statement
history
privacy policy







 sign in 




 sign up 








sign-in

×






             for returning best ed students
            


first name:



last name:



last 4 digits of ssn:






close



register




         new student to best ed, register to create sign-in account 
        



sign-up




          
        









best’s insurance continuing education hub



select your state



your state
  california
  colorado
  georgia
  new mexico
  texas
  
other states
  alabama
  alaska
  arizona
  arkansas
  connecticut
  delaware
  florida
  hawaii
  idaho
  illinois
  indiana
  iowa
  kansas
  kentucky
  louisiana
  maine
  maryland
  massachusetts
  michigan
  minnesota
  mississippi
  missouri
  montana
  nebraska
  nevada
  new hampshire
  new jersey
  new york
  north carolina
  north dakota
  ohio
  oklahoma
  oregon
  pennsylvania
  rhode island
  south carolina
  south dakota
  tennessee
  utah
  vermont
  virginia
  washington
  washington d.c.
  west virginia
  wisconsin
  wyoming




users' benefits

approved insurance ce courses
approved insurance ce training courses
dynamic system
quick and affordable
easy to navigate course catalogs
try before you buy
the best student care center at 361.972.3575

let's get your insurance continuing education done, okay?
 






















































insurance ce mission
best insurance education brings the insurance professional a rapid trouble-free educational experience as a step to renewing your insurance license..
what are insurance continuing education requirements?
insurance continuing education requirements are for insurance agents in the united states to maintain their ability to sell different types of insurance products after getting licensed by the state department of insurance (doi). the basic ce requirement is 24 credit hours of ce to include 3 credits of ethics. the requirement varies according to the state, license type, and additional products sold, such as annuities or medicare training.
who determines insurance ce requirements?
states determined that individual states would regulate insurance, basically. the license would be issued by each individual state and the rules and regulations could be different for each state. the state that holds your resident insurance license has its own continuing education requirements to renew an insurance license.
when do i complete the required continuing education? 
most states require ce. it must be completed before a licensee renewal date. example: if you have a 2 year renewal cycle, the hours must be completed some time before the license is required to be renewed at the end of the 2 year cycle..
how do i renew  my license? 
to renew an insurance license there are basically 2 individual tasked that must be completed:
1. complete insurance ce through a qualified provider.
2. complete the insurance license renewal application.
that easy. best can help you with both requirement.
return to top ⮬

history of  insurance continuing education
best insurance education (best ed) began on tuesday, september 13, 1988 when state insurance departments began requiring continuing education for license renewal. best taught in the classroom only. there was no internet as we know it today. best outsourced as the continuing education department for many major insurance groups. we tracked the continuing education renewal cycles for the clients' licensees, then scheduled each into a class, sent course material to each student, provided the class and issued certificates of completion to the students and clients.
fast forward... you will find that best ed has taken the same effective steps to completing continuing education in the digital world and our course material to the web. as our student, you will receive a reminder that your renewal date is approaching approximately 90 days before the date you last took your continuing education. review your continuing education course history that is available for you at best ed any time you need it. track your progress as you navigate your ce requirement. you will know what you have and what you need to be in compliance with your insurance department's rules and regulations. know that after you complete your courses and make payment best ed reports your completions.
at bested.com you are provided information links, addresses, and telephone numbers to assist in all of your steps to completion and insurance license renewal. join us at the best ed one-stop-shop where your educational experience will be efficient and affordable. thank you for visiting. you have taken your first step to renewing your insurance license.
return to top ⮬






            
            sign in
            
          



first name:



last name:



last 4 digits of ssn:











      
    











sign up: for new best ed students, to create a sign-in account


sign up















when one door closes, another opens; look for the door that opens. 
              
           
            











 let us know if we can assist you

          
 powered by best insurance continuing education
        copyright © 1988-2025
        all rights reserved
          
 corporate sales
learn more q & a
privacy policy
          























