






randy peyser, expert book editor, writer, home page


 



 


expert 
            book editor & book coach,
            connections to agents & publishers, self-publishing, and internet 
            book marketing


 



if you are writing a book


need a book edited 


 are working on a book proposal 


need a media kit, press releases, or book promotion


want to self-publish 


want expert representation in finding a literary 
              agent, publisher, or connections to book store owners, librarians, 
              and media from around the country at book expo america, (the 
              largest tradeshow for the publishing industry in the u.s.), click 
              here...


randy peyser's main site for author services is authoronestop. 
          if you have written a book or would like to write a book, please be 
          sure to visit authoronestop!

internet 
            marketing & publicity directory
for 
            women, entrepreunerial, & mind-body-spirit target markets. 
drives traffic to your website 
            and grab media attention!
randy has created a powerful marketing tool to help 
            you place your articles or press release online. the internet marketing 
            and publicity directory lists 200+ resources where you can 
            place articles online and in print magazines, and gain media exposure. 
            this report is targeted for business, women, and mind/body/spirit. 
            if you serve any of these markets and are looking to get in front 
            of lots of eyeballs, you would benefit from this report. just one 
            of the listings alone on this report sends articles out to a subscriber 
            base of 600,000 members! for more about the internet 
            marketing and publicity directory and our placement services, click 
            here... 
exciting news!
randy's 
            new book, the power of miracle thinking
is available! 
endorsed by 3 new york times best selling authors!
click to order your autographed copies now! $19.95 
            (plus tax + shipping). 




















caroline myss, author of the ny times bestsellers, anatomy 
            of the spirit and sacred archetypes, calls the 
            power of miracle thinking “pure inspiration and a genuine 
            resource of hope.” 
dr. terry cole-whittaker, ny times best selling author of what 
            you think of me is none of my business calls the power 
            of miracle thinking, “wonderful, inspiring, and highly 
            empowering. from the first page to the last it is uplifting and will 
            give the reader the faith they need to have the miracle they have 
            been praying for.” 
marci shimoff, who is featured in the secret and the ny times best 
            selling author of happy for no reason, says, “through 
            a collection of inspiring stories and powerful tips, the power 
            of miracle thinking will set you firmly on the path of creating 
            miracles in your life.”

steven walters was given 24 hours to live – 10 years later, 
              he still shows no sign of leukemia
katherine revoir was a single mom on welfare – 1 year later 
              she was a millionaire
a firestorm swept through ronnie chittum’s property – 
              her home remained untouched
speaker kathleen ronald is flooded with speaking requests – 
              they come from “out of the blue”

the power of miracle thinking examines the beliefs, 
            thoughts and attitudes that people who have experienced miracles hold, 
            as well as the actions they take that allow miracles of a major magnitude 
            to unfold in their lives.
want 
            a sneak preview of randy's new 
            book?
learn about the kind of miracle thinking mindset you must maintain 
            in order to create miracles of the magnitude that steven and the others 
            above have created. each miracle story is followed by 3 miracle thinking 
            tips. to read more about the power of miracle thinking, visit www.miraclethinking.com.


marketing and 
            publicity writer 
specializing in feature articles, 
            bios, press releases, 
            media kits
entrepreneurs and authors - are you launching 
            or expanding a business, product, book, service or project? randy 
            helps entrepreneurs and authors grab media attention through 
            the power of the written word. you can greatly increase your visibility 
            in the marketplace with a feature article, bio, press release, 
            or media kit. for information on how randy can power up your 
            materials, visit marketing 
            kits and feature article services.
it's no secret - high impact text yields powerful results 
            - and randy peyser cranks it. her published interviews include bestselling 
            authors: dr. deepak chopra, dr. wayne dyer, suze orman, marianne 
            williamson, neale donald walsch, dr. bernie siegel, caroline myss, 
            dr. dean ornish, james redfield, dr. john bradshaw, masuro emoto and 
            many others. check out the directory of 
            articles & interviews by randy peyser. 
  
          what 
            does it take to be unstoppable? 
visionary women inspiring the world: 
             12 paths to personal power 
learn what 12 women, including randy, did to create 
            success - in spite of sometimes ovewhelming odds, and 1001 other excuses 
            that would stop most people in their tracks. these inspired visionaries 
            will teach you what you can do to live your best life! "the 12 
            visionaries own their personal power - and will share with you the 
            secret to owning yours in your personal and professional lives." 
          
and now for randy's 
            first amazing book!

if 
              the "crappy" is outweighing the "happy" in your 
              life, you've got to read this book! 
empowerment has never been 
              so much fun.  
using her signature "comic intervention," 
              randy offers outrageous wit and penetrating wisdom to help you turn 
              your life around. 
why is it that crises multiply faster than rabbits? 
              what do you do when you've gone splat on the pavement of life? 
crappy to happy has sold through its entire print 
              run and is now being made into an audio cd.
to pre-order your copy, send $16 + $1 shipping to: randy 
              peyser, p. o. box 151, aromas, ca 95004


another 
          award winning book!
the "marriage of sex and spirit" 
          has been voted "best health & spirituality book" in the best books 
          2006 national book awards this book contains more of my interviews 
          with relationships' experts, such as dr. deepak chopra and dr. john 
          gray, as well as interviews done by other editors with others in the 
          field of relationships and spirituality.
to order your copy, send $24.95 + $1 shipping 
          to: 
randy peyser, p. o. box 151, aromas, 
          ca 95004
 
speaker:
 don't just think 
          outside the box...flatten it! 
& 
          the power of miracle thinking





randy speaks for businesses, organizations, 
            associations, and new thought churches. in the course of her talks, 
            she incorporates her "comic intervention" from her one-woman 
            show, so expect to be entertained as you and your organization learn 
            new ways of overcoming the obstacles that prevent you from achieving 
            all of your goals.to hire randy or learn more about her 
            talks, click here...
to attend one of her upcoming 
            events, click 
            here for her schedule.


 
randy is also a silk artist! 


check out randy's whimsical handpainted 
          silk!
            

e-mail: randy@randypeyser.com
reprint rights 
all articles are the property of randy peyser. they 
            are protected and copyrighted. 
if you are interested in reprint rights, please e-mail 
            randy@randypeyser.com.
thank you. 

visitors since jan. 25, 1999



              
          

directory of articles & 
            interviews by randy peyser


marketing 
            kits


book coaching, editing, 
            finding agents and publishers


talks


schedule 
            (where to see randy next)


feature articles 
            & testimonials


article placement 
            report


crappy 
            to happy:small steps to big happiness now! 


 book shop


links


bio



contact 
            randy


to the 
            miracle thinking website


web site design by daniel 
            b. holeman 
 © copyright 1998 randy peyser.  all 
            rights reserved   
           



 






