

fj45.com













  welcome to fj45.com 
the site for long wheelbase 40-series land cruisers  




 
i am eugene cole.
  here is a little about me and some of my interests. 
  amatuer radio  
 musical instruments including guitars
      the steel guitar forum  or go directly to the forum entrance
i am a member of association of stringed instrument artisans, asia
i am a member of guild of american luthiers, gal
 land cruisers - local md, dc, and va
     long wheelbase 40 series land cruisers
      lyrics  
 sailing
     shooting  - good citizens join the nra!
     skiing  - links to resorts, and snow conditions
     land cruisers  - national association
     rice audio: direct boxes and bass pickup system by bob rice 
 tools
     lionel trains
     town of washington grove   "a town within a forest"
  



here are some useful links: 


   
    45 wagons   
    


   
    45 pickups   
   


   
   other 40 series  long wheelbase pictures   
   


   go to pinky show 
the pinky show reports on issues and tries to explain them in simple terms. this is one of my favorite social commentatry sites. 



   worlds smallest political quiz 
the original two-dimentional political quiz devised in 1969 by the political scientist david nolan. 



   go to www.dilbert.com



    spurious signals (comic strip)

 
    bullet-bars.com
a great bar at a great price. no extra charge for custom sizes. while i own several bars from other makers my bar from this maker is the bar i choose use for 95% of my playing.   



    ammoday.com

 
    bullet-bars.com
a great bar at a great price. no extra charge for custom sizes. while i own several bars from other makers my bar from this maker is the bar i choose use for 95% of my playing.   



    musical instrument makers forum  



 

 linda manzer luthier maker of extraordinary instruments. 
 linda introduced an innovation to instrument making back in 1984 which she calls  the "wedge"©tm. basically the body depth on the bass side of the instrument is decreased and the body depth on the treble side is increased.
         the net result is a more ergonomic instrument which does not reducee the air volume inside of the body.
    


    grit laskin luthier with and without his inlay artestry, his instruments are fine instruments. 
 laskin introduced the following very cool innovations to instrument making.
         • "armrest"
        bevel on lower bout
        • "ribrest" bevel on upper back edge



    larry sifel luthier (1948-2006)
larry was a fine luthier that evolved in to doing exotic inlay work utilizing cnc cutters.
         to the best of my knowledge he did not built a guitar during the last 10 years of his life.
         if you get a chance to play one of his guitars do not pass up the oportunity. 



   denise franke dot-com



    nina gerber dot-com



    ray wylie hubbard 



    david lindley's site  check his  links  he often has some interesting ones.
    


   kristina olsen  



   acme vaporware  



   bon mot of the moment.   brought to you by psycho-ex dot com   



    sarah fisher:   this driver qualifed for the indy 500 at the age 19! finished 2nd at grand prix of miami at age 20. 



   land cruiser list servers 



   the often visited clcc website 



   keep montgomery county safe 



   jews for the preservation of firearms ownership  aaron zelman - executive director  



   gun shows in maryland 



   computers: the machines we love to hate (moderated by jack stoner) 



    arrl - american radio relay league   



    this week in amateur radio   



    taskinfo2003  a useful ms-windows utility  (for ms windows only)  



   speakeasy - ip speed testing service.  



     linux.com 



   miskatonic university  



   motorola gm300 programming  






fj45 webmaster:  email eugene@fj45.com
 



navigation by webring.


this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here.


   users ip address:  101.53.234.133 


