
      kaw valley bank
     
homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.  we will be closed on presidents day, monday, february 17th. atm and online banking will be accessable.  close alert 
      kaw valley bank
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentkaw valley bank 

personal


mortgage residential lending 

checking


lux checking



savings

lending

trust and investment services


trust account login

frequently asked questions



calculators



business


checking & savings

lending

calculators



rates

online


debit card

mobile wallet

online banking/bill pay information

online banking enrollment form



about


contact us

locations & hours

meet our team

kvb in the community

consumer education

history

careers



 open main navigation menu  close main navigation  open site search  close site search  login to online banking close online bankingonline banking loginloginenroll what can we help you find?enter search terms searchkaw valley bank   
your dream is our business. 
 
 
 
home loans    



we can help you find solutions






    
let us help you plan for your legacy





trust services
   start the hero slideshow's autoplay feature. achieve your financial goals with us

we believe in building relationships with the local community and our customers to provide you with the best banking solutions.   
personal checking  trust & investment   
business accounts  

lending  current cd rates   special- 9 months
minimum deposit $1000
4.24% apy*  14 months
minimum deposit $1000 
4.08% apy*    *apy= annual percentage yield rates are subject to change. rate current as of january 15, 2025.
see all rate information by going to the link below.  

rates    kaw valley bank in the community    meet our team  thank you topeka for making us your community bank for over 150 years!   hometown proud!
      supporting the community for over 150 years!
   connect with usfollow us to learn about special events, community news, and other relevant announcements.legal

privacy policy

mobile privacy

terms of use

usa patriot act

contact us

careers

©  kaw valley bank.created by bannomember fdic equal housing lender 

 go to the top of the pagetrust the strength of the kaw. 
