





san diego jewish world san diego's online jewish newspaper

























about us
features 
search

search by date of issue
search by headlines
search by key word


authors 




 
 
 

 "there's a jewish story everywhere"

 



 





 we have moved to a new web home!  

san diego jewish world is now published on a different site: http://www.sdjewishworld.com
bringing you news of san diego, the jewish community and the world!







  
                    about our new site:

                    interactive -- our new blog offers readers the opportunity to comment on stories whenever they desire, making san diego jewish world a forum for discussing jewish issues facing our city, nation and world.

accessible—readers may access san diego jewish world either by clicking from this site or copying the web address,http://sdjewishworld.wordpress.com, directly into their browsers                  
searchable by date—at the top of the right column is an interactive calendar. a click on an underlined date will bring up all the stories posted on that day. for example, here is what happens if you click on the calendar date of feb. 10

searchable by country--down the right column you will find the names of countries throughout the world. stories about them are grouped together and may be accessed by clicking on them. for example, here is what happens if you click on taiwan.

searchable by jewish public official—from the city level to the u.s. national level, we follow the careers of jewish public officials, whom we list alphabetically by first name. for example, here is what happens if you click on bob filner, a member of congress from san diego.

                    searchable by author--you may search for the stories written by columnists and feature writers, who are listed alphabetically by first name. for example, here is what happens if you click on the name of columnist ira sharkansky.

searchable by topic—various topics such as the holocaust, or interreligious relations, or judaism may be searched for stories relating to them. for example, here is what happens when you search holocaust/shoah.

searchable by name--individuals whose names may appear within a story may be searched by typing their names in the search box. for example, here's what happens if you were to type in the search box netanyahu.

                    continuous—using this system, stories can be posted on a continuous basis. we don't have to wait for the next edition as there can be a new addition at any minute.

archives—you can still use the site you are reading now for for its archives. see the search boxes under the masthead.

                    questions or comments--we'd welcome learning your reaction to this new system.  please contact editor don harrison at editor@sandiegojewishworld.com with your appraisal and questions or call assistant editor gail umeham at (619) 463-2247.









                            to see the previous edition, please click here












automatic e-mail sign-up
                      to receive san diego jewish world's three-times weekly or once--weekly headlines, click the blue box below: 



 







 




receive email headlines




» join now




 













for email   marketing you can trust








dedications

                                to dedicate an issue of san diego jewish world for a special occasion, please contact nancy harrison at (619) 265 0808.

note
please help us police this site: if you see anything on this   site that obviously is not in keeping with our mission of providing jewish news   and commentary, please message us at editor@sandiegojewishworld.com, so that we can fix the probem.   unfortunately, large sites like ours can be subjected to tampering by outsiders.   thank you!




                        search this site
 




 








contact us

                        to send a story to san diego jewish world, or to any of its companion blogs, use either of these two emails: editor@sandiegojewishworld.com or sdheritage@cox.net.
                        our phone is (619) 265-0808





please support our advertisers
they'll appreciate it and so will we!  
                    
to hear live broadcast, please click the ad above


 

please click the ad above for   more information




                    for more   information call nancy at (619) 265-0808  
 



                    please the ad above for more information 
some favorite links:

san diego lap band
san diego seo


today's advertisers


america's vacation center~nancy harrison
anti-defamation league
balloon   utopia
congregation beth israel
jewish community foundation
jewish family service
lawrence family jcc
math is easy
ner tamid synagogue
soille   san diego hebrew day school
tifereth israel   synagogue
united jewish   federation
xlnc1 classical radio









for more information click on the ad above



                    please   click the ad above for more information







to learn more about ujf, please click here



                      please   click the ad above for more information




                      please click the ad   above for more information




                      please   click the ad above for more information



please   click the ad above for more information






                          please click the ad   above for more information





click here to read our updated report 
 



 










copyright 2007-2010- san diego jewish world, san diego, california. all rights reserved.

back to top









