







osvaldo golijov








































        
          
            osvaldo golijov
          
        
      




















































              home
            

            happened
          

            contact
          





















































homehappenedcontact





                
                  
                    osvaldo golijov
                  
                
              











scroll






 











happening
happened
the works
who?
 








 happening



    several laika premieres
  




    megalopolis suite premiere
  




    ainadamar at metropolitan opera
  



laiꓘa premieres in boston (feb 16) and england (apr 10 & 11)laiꓘa, osvaldo golijov's 2024 work for vocalist and chamber ensemble, with a text by leah hager cohen, will receive three premieres in early 2025. on february 16, mezzo-soprano j’nai bridges will be joined by the boston symphony chamber players and conductor samy rachid at jordan hall in a program that also features chamber works by brahms, ravel and schubert. on april 10th, countertenor anthony roth costanzo will join the academy of st martin in the fields at chichester cathedral, in the work's european premiere. constanzo, for whom laiꓘa was composed, will also perform selections from handel's messiah and golijov's tenebrae. the london premiere of laiꓘa will take place the following day, when the program is repeated at st martin-in-the-fields.details and tickets: boston | chichester | london

































megalopolis suite premieres with riccardo muti and the chicago symphony orchestra, nov 7-9when francis asked me to recreate in music the architecture of the roman republic, of a noir new york, and of a kiss a thousand feet above ground, the sound in my mind was that of the chicago symphony conducted by maestro muti. i am immensely happy that they are about to make that dream a reality.the world premiere of osvaldo golijov’s megalopolis suite, a chicago symphony orchestra commission, will take place on november 7th at the krannert center, university of illinois, urbana-champaign, followed by performances in chicago on november 8th and 9th . the suite is based on golijov’s score to francis ford coppola’s 2024 film.find details and tickets for nov 7 here, and nov 8 and 9 here.



ainadamar at the metropolitan opera, opening october 15“the fight all of us young artists must carry on is the fight for what is new and unforeseen.”           —federico garcia lorcadeborah colker’s production of osvaldo golijov's opera ainadamar opens at the met on october 15.  a co-production with opera ventures, detroit opera, scottish opera and welsh national opera, ainadamar runs through november 9, find all the details and tickets here.recently, the new york times featured a discussion of the role of flamenco in ainadamar, here.













soundtrack to megalopolis releasedosvaldo golijov's soundtrack to francis ford coppola’s film megalopolis has been released by milan records. view details at milanrecords.com‣listen now‣










yoni golijov, francis ford coppola and osvaldo golijov in 2023, as they started working on the music for megalopolis. photo credit: akshay bathia












francis ford coppola and osvaldo golijov during the soundtrack recording of youth without youth in 2007. photo credit: anahid nazarian















la pasión según san marcos to open edinburgh festivalosvaldo golijov's la pasión según san marcos will be featured as the first opening concert of the 2024 edinburgh international festival, on august 3. this scottish premiere of the work features the caracas-based choir, schola cantorum of venezuela (maria guinand, director), and includes vocalists luciana souza and reynaldo gonzález-fernandez, and members of orquesta la pasión, all of whom participated in the premiere of the work in 2000. they are joined by the national youth choir of scotland and musicians from the royal scottish national orchestra, conducted by joana carneiro. details‣



megalopolis to premiere at cannes film festivalfrancis ford coppola's film, megalopolis, with score by osvaldo golijov, will premiere at the cannes film festival. golijov has been involved in the project since first being approached by coppola over 20 years ago. during that time, golijov has also worked on the scores of coppola films, youth without youth, tetro and twixt.










from left to right: arturo rodriguez, conductor; francis ford coppola, osvaldo golijov, and jeremy flower, music editor; at the completion of the orchestral recording for megalopolis in budapest.















world premiere of the given notein a private concert on may 3, the given note, for violin and orchestra, will receive its world premiere. it was written for johnny gandelsman and the knights, who will perform the premiere. the given note celebrates the opening of the prior center at the college of the holy cross and is dedicated to neil and trudie prior.osvaldo's notesthe given note is the title of a poem that seamus heaney wrote inspired by a haunting irish tune called port nabpúcai. it translates as song of the spirits (or fairies). according to legend, it was composed long ago by a lone fiddler on one of the blasket islands off the coast of western ireland. i wrote this piece to commemorate the opening of the prior center at holy cross. i wanted to honor the dream and vision of neil and trudie prior, and the magnificent creation of diller scofidio + renfro, by composing a work in which the emotion is evoked less by the sentiment of the tunes than by the architecture of the music: the proportions among all its elements. i explore two kinds of architecture here: the fluid architecture of dreams and the cosmos, and  the human-made “geometrical” architecture represented in this building. movement i: “sing yourself to where the singing comes from”. the title is a line by heaney that is not in the given note, but what an invitation! i wanted to respond by writing music based on the first notes of port nabpúcai so that they sound like a melody that unfolds as slowly as the milky way, punctuated by the bass drum playing a cosmic baby’s heartbeat.movement ii: ich und du. the orchestra disappears. “am i alone?” our soloist, johnny gandelsman, asks through his violin. “it’s not good for man to be alone,” says god in genesis 2:18. not good for god to be alone either, says buber, so the knights’ own concertmaster, colin jacobsen, answers: “no, you’re not alone.” soloist and concertmaster embark on a vertiginous duet inspired by the architecture of the  prior center: the proportions between its wide-open spaces and clever alcoves, its glass cubes and its floating staircase.movements iii-iv-v form a sequence inspired by a jam session described in alejo carpentier’s novel “concierto barroco.” he imagines a scene in venice early in the 18th century: 



read more



    vivaldi, haendel, scarlatti, and an african visitor called filomeno, together with the students of vivaldi’s conservatory, play an all-night jam in which baroque music meets africa. in a delightful anachronism, the four main musicians go to venice’s cemetery the next morning, monumentally hungover, and sit on the tomb of igor stravinsky (who lived in the 20th century) to discuss music and life.

movement iii: psalm 81. the title is the epigraph of carpentier’s novel. its opening line is  “sing for joy to god our strength”. another invitation!  accordingly, a joyous movement that fuses baroque and african (specifically malian) styles and gives birth to an ever growing melody for the soloist. 

movement iv: adagio e spiccato (slowly and distinctly) is the title that vivaldi gives to his concerto in g minor from l’estro armonico (the harmonic inspiration). i wrote a variation of the slow opening music of that concerto in the beginning. that music is interrupted by another joyous romp fusing baroque and mali. 

movement v: double. when baroque composers wrote a variation on a movement, they called it double. in this piece the double is like a mirror of the opening of movement iv: the oboe plays what the violin soloist played in iv, and the soloist creates a counterpoint to that melody. here too the music is interrupted, but instead of a joyous dance, it enters a dream with seagulls’ calls and flights.

movement vi: the house throbbed like his full violin. the title is another  line from heaney’s poem. the music is what in a typical concerto is called a cadenza: the orchestra stops and the soloist plays freely a recollection of what we heard up to that point. in this movement the music starts like that, with a solo violin remembrance of the dream in movement v, but the music then turns into a premonition of what we will hear later in the full orchestra towards the end of movement vii. i am grateful to johnny gandelsman,who,  like the great virtuosos of the past, rewrote parts of this cadenza to make it fully his own. 

movement vii: port na bpúcai. we return to the world of dreams. in the first part of this movement the orchestra plays a variation of movement i, with the melody now played by the first horn. and it then blossoms into an aura enveloping the soloist singing himself to where the song comes from. 
    










johnny gandelsman and osvaldo golijov (above) find their inner checkov and tolstoy (below). photo: marco giannavola






















watercolor by osvaldo golijov





laiꓘa world premiere and the fire outlives the spark new york premiereon april 7 at carnegie hall's weill recital hall, countertenor anthony roth costanzo and the met orchestra chamber ensemble, conducted by yannick nézet-séguin, present the world premiere of laiꓘa, written for costanzo and the ensemble, with text by leah hager cohen. the program also includes the new york premiere of the fire outlives the spark, written in honor and memory of violinist geoff nutall. (see more about geoff and the fire outlives the spark here.)details‣



leah hager cohen and osvaldo golijov sat down to discuss laiꓘa as well as cohen's forthcoming novel to & fro, due out in may:lhc: i'd never heard of laika until you taught me about her.how did it begin for you, this desire to write a piece about her and the soviet space dog program?og: when i was a child i was fascinated with astronauts, i guess nothing unusual for a boy growing up in the sixties. so i would absorb anything that had to do with them and i discovered that the soviets actually called their spacemen (they were all men then) "cosmonauts'', which i thought sounded better.



read more



 and then! i discovered that before the soviets felt  secure enough (but still wanting to beat the americans to it) to send into space their first cosmonaut, yuri gagarin, they had experimented with dogs, and that the first dog they sent to space was laika, a street dog from moscow. the soviet space dogs were all stray street dogs from moscow. small in size to fit the capsule, their teeth pulled out so they wouldn't bite their tongues in space, their food being chewed up and mouth fed by the scientists who experimented on them. one day they were roaming the streets of the city for food, the next day they were in the lab, flying in artificially created zero gravity, and the next day out there in the universe, and laika (her name is derived from "bark" in russian), i think, was the first ever earthling in space. she died in space, ‘for our sake '' ('our' being the human capacity to go into space, or soviet glory, or both). 

at the time the soviets told everyone that she died peacefully after five to seven days in space, euthanized as her oxygen supply would dwindle.  a great contemporary myth was born. i think only in 2002, 45 years after her death, one of the scientists in the program revealed that she had burned to death only about five to seven hours after the launch. the scientists apparently needed about an extra month to develop a method of peaceful death for laika, but nikita kruschev (the soviet leader at the time)  was adamant that the launch had to happen on october 17, 1957, on the 40th anniversary of the revolution. other dogs went to space after laika, and came back alive. among them were belka and strelka (squirrel and little arrow), who became celebrities and would give interviews on radio moscow after their return. strelka had several puppies after the flight, one of them was called pushinka and was given as a present by kruschev to president kennedy in 1961. so if nuclear war had happened because of the cuban missile crisis in 1962, pushinka would have probably died then, far from home. as it happens, nuclear war didn't happen, and  pushinka mated with charlie, one of kennedy's dogs, and they had four puppies whom kennedy called pupniks and apparently lived happily ever after. two of them, butterfly and striker, were given to children in the midwest and kept multiplying, with proven descendents until at least 2015. 

the soviet space dogs were big heroes in argentina, where i grew up, and in many other  places in the world. all kinds of memorabilia sprung up, as you noted in some of my favorite lines of your laika poem: "matchboxes, chocolates, razor blades, watches, postcards, cigarettes, statues, stamps...". if you were a stamp collector in argentina, as i was when i was a boy, and had a laika stamp in your collection... well, i would venture that it was worth much more than what a pikachu card is worth today. so yes, to give you an idea of how impactful the soviet space dogs were in the imagination of a child far away from moscow, just think of  yuri gagarin, the first cosmonaut mentioned above. he said "i don't know if i am the first man or the last dog in space". that line alone is worth an opera.

you know, i think one thing that links laiꓘa and to & fro is that the three stories are journeys (maybe you think of to & fro as only one story with two faces? i'd love to know how you think of it) . so i have two questions (three if you count the one i just asked): can you tell us about the journey in to and the journey in fro? and how and why is it that there are no bad guys in your stories? i think especially in to... i feared so much for the dangers that ani might encounter in her journey and even if she met many savory characters, with poignant humor and tender roughness, it's all good people!

lhc: when you asked me to write a poem about laika for this project, although i had heard you talk about her before, that was the first time i did any research on my own. and one thing i found was the teeth thing - apparently the dogs didn't have their teeth pulled before going to space. it was after returning, for those who made it back alive, that the teeth fell out due to calcium depletion from the ordeal of being in space. or at least one dog, veterok, lost his, and the scientists would pre-chew sausage for him as he lived out the rest of his days on earth. 
i mention this because of what you say about "a great contemporary myth" being born. this fascinates me, the human tendency to mythologize, the way we take actual events and - often quite unintentionally - make stories of them. the changes that take place during this move from event to story can tell us so much about ourselves.

of course, artists are in the business of doing this intentionally. distilling something to its essence (or one version of its essence) and then presenting it back to us in a different form, strange and fresh. you've done this with jesus, lorca, bereavement, the cosmos...now laika. you dip your cupped hand into the swirly waters of life, lift something up and translate it into music. you create something new without ever depleting the source.  it's like having one's cake and eating it too.

as for journeys and to & fro, i like what you say about one story with two faces. in fact, one idea in the novel is that "it's all one story." you dip your hand in the swirly water, and i dip my hand in the same swirly water, and it's the same swirly water for everyone! nina simone and chekhov and beethoven and olga tokarczuk and mahmoud darwish and matisse and basquiat and eavan boland and everybody, from little kids drawing with chalk on the sidewalk to those you like to call the great motherfuckers. that makes me so happy. we're all working with the same undepletable source material, which is the experience of being a human in the universe, and we make this infinite variety of different things with it. and that's the journey. and everyone can do it.

sorry, what was the question?
oh yeah: why no bad guys.
that's an important question, because the harm we do one another in this world is real and must be grappled with, and i would hate to think i've avoided something in my work from a lack of courage. on the other hand, an awful lot of representational art - especially that which is commercially successful - centers violence. if art helps us envision what we might become, then i think there's a place for works that imagine alternative visions, too. i didn't set out to write a book in which the two protagonists are young girls who never encounter the threat of harm, but in retrospect, i think the politics of that are strong. by politics, i mean simply that every act of self-expression is colored by the context in which it takes place, and contributes in some way to the community in which we live.


what are the politics of laiꓘa for you - not the dog but your composition? do you hate this question, do you reject the premise? even so, will you say something about what it brings up for you?


og: i like it when you say  "if art helps us envision what we might become". it reminds me of something wayne shorter said, i think, to danilo perez: "write the music for a world in which you'll want to live". sometimes i forget it, so thank you for reminding me.


what are the politics of laiꓘa for me? it's not that i hate the question, but i know that i will not be able to articulate in words all the themes in the constellation of themes that laiꓘa represents for me. mainly i'd say that laika the dog didn't want to be a hero. i think she liked her street dog fate. i can't say for sure, i don't know the street dogs in moscow, but the ones in la plata, the city where i grew up, seemed pretty happy to me in their street wanderings. that's why i love the first refrain in your poem: "sausages, black bread, chicken dumplings, chicken grease!"  you mentioned lorca. he didn't want to be a hero either. his entire reason to write his play mariana pineda (a woman who was executed a century before lorca himself was executed, part of the plot of ainadamar) was to bring mariana back to life, take her out from the statue that people who need heroes built for her (“she was not gray, not cold, not even pure”, as david hwang’s libretto puts it). i think most people would prefer love to heroics (but of course many heroic acts are acts of love, so it is complex).  dogs for sure, they are love. in any case, i don't know if what i just said relates to the politics of laiꓘa. i can only tell you the unresolved questions that laiꓘabrings in me: the nature of love, the nature of power, the paradox of loving dearly a child or a dog and sending them to die in a war or in a space capsule, the need for heroes we spoke above, and other things: but mainly, i wrote it because  i wished  to collaborate with you in this long song, and had (and have) a great curiosity to see what anthony roth costanzo does when singing as laika.  

but i am even more curious about to & fro than i am about laiꓘa. do you know why ani steals a kitten? how did it ever occur to you to write an entire novel out of a short parable by kafka? do you remember? you know i love the ferryman so much, and i don't want to introduce spoilers here, but how did you come up with him and his sense of humor? yes,that's another reason i love to & fro: there's so much banter going on.

lhc: i love your move from politics to unresolved questions. politics, as i was using it, invites thinking about the relationship between artwork and society - the society in which the art is created, and the society into which it will venture forth. unresolved questions, as i hear it, suggests something at once far more intimate and limitlessly large: the relationship between soul and wonder. and there is room here for everything, isn't there? love and paradox, children and dogs, war and space and heroes and myths and duets and sausages.

i hear that in your music. intimacy and infinity.


when i am writing i am in a state of not-knowing; this makes me very bad at responding to questions about what i have done and why. 
- i did not realize ani was going to steal a kitten until it happened, as it were, in the writing. as if i myself were the girl in the story, i had the experience, while writing, of "looking down" and seeing the kitten there on "my" palm.
- and it never occurred to me to spin an entire novel out of a parable by kafka. if the prospect had presented itself like that, i probably would have fled in terror. what happened was that i simply found myself - almost idly, almost without noticing what i was doing - sketching out a kind of scene in which i picked up where his parable leaves off.
- the ferryman, too. i don't feel i "made" him. it was as if he already existed, and i had only to feel my way toward where he entered, and to listen really really well to how he sounded, what he looked like, how he walked and smoked his pipe and harrumphed and was gruff and underneath the gruffness, was a big gentle softie.

and thank you! because your question has surfaced something very central to the book, which is the idea of the artist "making" something vs. midwiving something into being. the latter contains the sense of that something being already alive, having a life of its own, and being imbued with a mystery the artist neither designed nor can ever fully resolve. (speaking of unresolved questions.)
this is a key part of annamae's story. with a kind of spiritual stubbornness she is unable to explain, she refuses to complete her english teacher's creative writing assignment, which she sees as forcing her to make something inert and false, akin to engaging in idolatry. i love annamae's stubbornness. the irony isn't lost on me that she, a fictional character of my own "making," rails against the notion of creating fictional characters, who by definition lack free will.
not even god, she says, would do such a thing.
what gives me solace is the possibility that she's neither inert nor entirely of my making. because she continues to puzzle and beguile me, and i can continue to learn from her…

og: and thank you!





  










happened
view all‣


the fire outlives the sparkgeoff nuttall was and is my brother in life and in music. we shared formative and memorable adventures together for 30 years. here is jeremy eichler’s wonderful appreciation of geoff’s extraordinary life that appeared in the boston globe. last year geoff asked if i would write a piece for when he was gone. i wrote an aria called the fire outlives the spark. the text consists of lines excerpted from shelley’s adonais that read to me like a true portrait of geoff. 



read more



  the fire outlives the spark

peace, peace! he is not dead, he doth not sleep,he hath awaken'd from the dream of life;he has outsoar'd the shadow of our night;he lives, he wakes--'tis death is dead, not he.

he is made one with nature:his voice in all her music, from the moanof thunder, to the song of night's sweet bird;he is a presence to be felt and known.

he is a portion of the lovelinesswhich once he made more lovely;and bursting in its beauty and its mightfrom trees and beasts and men into the heaven's light.














on may 26, spoleto festival usa presents a concert celebrating geoff nuttall.  the fire outlives the spark is included in the program, that features spoleto festival usa orchestra and many special guests. as spoleto puts it: “to honor nuttall’s curatorial genius and infectious enthusiasm, some of his closest musical colleagues and special guest stars perform a concert of virtuosic debauchery—a brilliant tribute to a singular artist”details‣



on april 13th, the brentano quartet, stepping in for the st lawrence string quartet, joins the thalea quartet in a performance of ever yours at the university of maryland.details‣



on january 29, dozens of geoff’s friends participate in a concert at stanford university to celebrate his life. included in the program is the first performance of the fire outlives the spark, sung by anthony roth costanzo, accompanied by a small orchestra formed by geoff’s friends. details‣



falling out of time tour—spring 2023












  note from osvaldo

as we get ready to embark on this next falling out of time tour, there is a rush of emotions that fill the heart while remembering the long gestation process of the work with these dear, extraordinary musicians and crew.  i remember vividly the beginning: the morning in tel aviv, i think it was 2013, when, just because i had some free time, i went into a bookstore and picked up david grossman’s “novel in voices,” and sat on a park bench to read it. in the first page of the novel, a man, a husband, a bereaved father, says to his wife: “i have to go there.” as i read that line i knew that i didn’t want to die without trying to, musically speaking, “go there” myself. after all these years, working alone at the piano and together with the incredibly creative collaborator-musicians who are touring the work, i have to confess that my imagination remains limited: i am not brave enough to fully imagine what it means to walk that walk, to “go there” in real life.  but we did not avert our gaze. perhaps that is all that we, the ones who did not experience that unimaginable loss, can aspire to. to not avert our gaze when we meet the people who are walking that walk. of the many memorable moments that we lived through together over these years, the one which remains as the most potent, the moment that gave shape to the piece and, i believe, shaped us as humans and musicians, was when david talked to us in a workshop of the work-in-progress that we held in the winter of 2019 at the chapel of the college of the holy cross’s joyce contemplative center. he told us how grief is a form of exile, how a mother and a father who loved their child with the same intensity are each one living in a different island of grief. how one falls out of time while time goes on. how all you can hope for is to trust the voice of that boy in the book who sings a lullaby to all the parents: “there is breath, there is breath, inside the pain, there is breath.” i think i can speak for all of us, musicians and crew, when i say: thank you, david. thank you for your courage in writing the book, and thank you for your extraordinary generosity in teaching us how to be human.



tour detailshouston, tx - dacamera: april 15 and 16. details‣chapel hill, nc - carolina performing arts: april 20. details‣boston, ma - the vilna shul - april 23. conversation about the work with osvaldo, nora fischer and yoni rechter (no performance). details‣boston, ma - the boston symphony orchestra presented in association with celebrity series: april 30. details‣biella da costa, womannora fischer, centauryoni rechter, mancompanydan brantigan, trumpet, flugelhorn and suonamegan conley, harpshawn conley, acoustic bass and electric fretless bassjeremy flower, guitar and modular synthesizerjohnny gandelsman, violinmario gotoh, violakaren ouzounian, celloshane shanahan, percussion and drum setmazz swift, violinproduction staffcharlie campbell, monitor engineercristin canterbury bagnall, executive producer (the shepherd)lauren cavanaugh, stage manager and associate production manageraaron copp, production manager and lighting designercat j. cusick, lighting directorjody elff, sound engineerjohnny gandelsman, music directormaile okamura, costume designermikiko suzuki macadams, scenic designercamilla tassi, projection designer, based on art work by mary franktour managementjohnny gandelsman, in a circle recordscristin canterbury bagnall and lori taylor, broadband collaborative




view all‣





 
the works
browse‣
featured:




featured

























ever yours
































laika, with text by leah hager cohen
































um dia bom
































the given note
































ainadamar
































falling out of time

















 







 

osvaldo golijov’s works include the st mark passion; the opera ainadamar; azul, a cello concerto; the dreams and prayers of isaac the blind, for clarinet and string quartet; the song cycles ayre and falling out of time; and the soundtracks for francis ford coppola’s tetro, youth without youth, and megalopolis. his most recent works include laiꓘa, written for anthony roth costanzo and the met orchestra chamber ensemble, the given note, a work for violinist johnny gandelsman and the knights, and megalopolis suite for riccardo muti and the chicago symphony orchestra. he was born in la plata, argentina, in 1960, and lived in jerusalem before immigrating to the us in 1986. he is the composer-in-residence at the college of the holy cross.


























credit: serban mestecaneanu. click to download hi-res.













  

▴ top








home



happening



happened



the works



who?














 


   osvaldo golijov

  first background image: comet 46p/wirtanen (nasa)
   
second background image: 
   hubble legacy field crop (nasa)
   
background image: 
   hubble legacy field crop (nasa)
   
site design: joe fitzgerald
 














