





smart start of mecklenburg county

























































select languagearabicchinese (simplified)dutchenglishfrenchgermanitalianportugueserussianspanish







subscribe to newsletter user login board login 704-377-6588our app  connect













families & caregivers

early childhood professionals

community members

news & recent initiatives

upcoming events

advocacy & awareness

materials request form

philanthropy circle

donate



about

our impact

our staff

our board

fy24-25 partners

work with us

newsletters



get involved/volunteer

volunteer opportunities

individual philanthropy

corporate engagement

third-party events



contact

donate






















fy25-26 funding applications open
apply until feb. 28 at 5 pm est.
click here to learn more






making an impact
our fy 2024 impact report
read about our impact





because sooner is better
guiding parents to services (gps) to host a workshop for families of meck pre-k families to gain additional services for children who may have developmental delays
learn more






are you a 3, 4, or 5-star rated home and center child care provider?
learn more about our substitute program to empower your center!
learn more






thinking about becoming an early childhood educator?
learn more about our substitute program to empower your career!
apply now





smart start of mecklenburg county
helping all children turn five ready to thrive
learn more





accepting applications
meck pre-k is a mecklenburg county-funded pre-kindergarten program free to eligible 4-year-olds.
apply online






the basics mecklenburg
five fun, simple and powerful ways that families can give every child a great start in life.
learn more






families &
caregivers
all families want their children to succeed, but given the inequities in our society, some families lack the necessary knowledge or resources to raise their young children optimally.  learn moreearly childhood
professionals
in mecklenburg county, most infants and young children live in families where all caregivers work outside the home. yet, too often, families are forced into situations where care is unstable, unaffordable, or of questionable quality.  learn morecommunity
members news & recent initiativesupcoming eventsadvocacy & awarenessi never would have thought to make so many books available to my 2 kids under 5.  they get so much exposure to reading with this program and have learned so much from the wonderful selection of books. i am also thrilled that my 4 year old has been accepted to the meck pre-k program at her preschool for next fall. bethany whitehurstlatest news 





jan 31, 2025
in the news: meck pre-k makes a difference in the county
wsoc tv's elsa gillis caught up with chief education officer mary-margaret kantor at an enrollment event at charlotte bilingual preschool to highlight the seventh year of meck pre-k and the difference pre-k programs make in our community.  view the full story  here ....







oct 15, 2024
how smart start of mecklenburg county’s family-focused workplace aligns with the us surgeon general’s advisory on mental health
last month, the us surgeon general  released an advisory  related to the mental health and well-being of parents.  studies have shown that in recent years parents have been consistently more likely to report experiencing high levels of stress compared to other adults.  ......







aug 16, 2024
english for academic spaces enters its second phase
at the end of may, smart start of mecklenburg county celebrated its first english for academic spaces class. certificates were handed out to these hopeful educators who strive to stand in front of their own classroom one day.   over the course of 12 saturdays, a group of like-minded ......




upcoming events 



14mar

8:30 am - 5:00 pm
2025 partner powered conference





19feb

11:00 am - 12:00 pm
finance committee





20feb

6:00 pm - 7:00 pm
because sooner is better february workshop [cancelled]













 help children turn five
ready to thrive. donatevolunteerjoin email community







contactsmart start of mecklenburg county
601 e. 5th street, suite 200
charlotte, nc 28202(704) 377-6588 social
connect and follow us on social channels. 




download our app









            © smart start of mecklenburg county, 2025. all rights reserved.  |  privacy policy  |  terms of use





powered by brynk® growth platform





