


illinoiscarry.com - advancing the right to carry in illinois



































































illinoiscarry.com
providing educational information about the lawful
            acquisition, possession, and carrying of firearms in illinois

enter forum



protecting our second amendment right
our purpose is to provide illinois firearm owners with a central location to communicate ideas and
                    information regarding 2nd amendment issues in illinois.
the primary way we provide that information is through our moderated discussion forum.
please explore our vast amount of information provided, feel free to ask questions and post your
                    opinions. please be aware, we do have a code of conduct we ask visitors to honor when posting.
                    violation of the code will result in a suspension of posting privileges, with that in mind, all are
                    welcome. we encourage you to register on our forum and join the fight for your 2nd amendment rights
                    in illinois.



donate
we are very thankful for all our members and the many contributions they make on the second
                        amendment front. attending town hall meetings, filing witness slips on important bills,
                        attending illinois gun owner lobby day, contacting and establishing working relationships with
                        their elected officials, instructing firearms training classes, and mentoring other shooters are
                        just some of the many, many ways you contribute to the important effort to defend and advance
                        our right to keep and bear arms.
if you would like to contribute monetarily, you are welcome to do by clicking on the donate
                        button below or by sending a check or money order to our corporate address:
illinoiscarry
                        1111 w. north 4th st.
                        shelbyville, il 62565
                         
                           


donations made to illinoiscarry are not tax deductible




stay informed
                    sign up for illinoiscarry email alerts to receive the latest news on the right to carry in
                    illinois:








protecting and advancing the right to carry in illinois









contact us

copyright© illinoiscarry.com



















