












pcrecruiter - recruitment software & applicant tracking system













































 




















who we serve

permanent placement
staffing industry
human resources


discover our tech

features & functions
developer api
integrations & partners
faq


about us

our team
careers
contact us
blog


technical info

contact support
downloads
learning center


book a demo
 
















your recruitment andapplicant tracking.simplified.
pcrecruiter is an ats and crm hybrid software for recruiting professionals that streamlines your day-to-day management of people, jobs, and organizations, so you can make more high-quality placements.












how are you hiring?


permanent placement


staffing industry


human resources








independent user reviews



















pcrecruiter reviews





 






 







blog


quick-reads & resources from pcrecruiter


get the latest lowdown on the world of recruitment, from software innovations to customer case studies. 

view all













                                sourcewhale + pcr webinar                            
webinar with sourcewhale on february 4
join us on february 4 at 1:pm est for a 30-minute session designed to transform how you approach recruitment. in this live webinar, scott littrell will share exclusive insights derived from over 100 million data points analyzed on sourcewhale’s platform.
read more 
                                



















                                blog post                            
the recruiter’s guide to the tcpa & texting
the telephone consumer protection act (tcpa), enacted in 1991, is designed to protect consumers from unsolicited calls and messages. while its initial focus was on telemarketing calls, the tcpa’s reach now extends to texting, posing unique challenges for recruiting agencies who heavily rely on texts for candidate and client engagement.
read more 
                                



















                                blog post                            
webinar with woo.io on january 14
join gabe mendelsohn, partnerships manager at woo.io, alongside pcr’s james blair and drew rothman in a webinar about uncovering the hidden potential in your database.
read more 
                                


















from prospect to placement, we’re on your journey.









when you’re a recruitment professional, there’s a lot of data flying around. that info on people, jobs, and organizations needs a secure, private home. your hard work to organize and improv data should not benefit your ats vendor.




so you’re going to need to access, update, and search those records quickly and easily, to get key pieces of information at key moments in your workflow and the value chain.




and whether you’re a recruiting firm, or delivering human resources results within in a single company, tailoring your database record search and activity pipeline will bring immediate value.




in the recruitment business, decent data can make the difference between making the right hire at the right time for the right organization. and not.




integrated applicant tracking software (ats) and customer relationship management (crm) software isn’t a necessity, but it does help to streamline your day-to-day operations.




too much customization an be an administrative burden, but too little can prove to be more attractive than functional. you need enough customization to optimize your workflow and style, without a huge implementation effort.
















automation
streamline everyday organization and notification tasks with sequences and automations so you can spend more time making personal connections with candidates and clients.








open api
with complete flexibility on how you leverage your pcrecruiter database, you can now create and connect custom software via our open api. pcrecruiter is the center of your private reflection on your recruiting data and processes.





 


flexible configuration
pcrecruiter is built around the organizational record, not the roles or the candidates, so it’s easily adapted to suit your particular recruitment chain. with virtually unlimited custom fields, forms, and workflows, pcrecruiter suits a variety of requirements and can grows with you.








secure data management
powerful configurable security options allow individualized access while giving you the ability to manage and delegate access to your data, with storage on a secure and private hosting system.













open api management
pcrecruiter serves thousands of customers worldwide doing permanent placement, third-party recruitment, corporate direct hiring, and staffing/contracting, with billions of dollars in placements made.












solutions


end to end.and back again.


call it end-to-end. call it full-cycle. whatever you call it, pcrecruiter is there to support your talent acquisition process from start to finish. and back again.

learn more











workflow & automations
fully configurable stages to track, trigger, and automate processes.







configuration & security
change data views to suit you. adjust security to protect data access.







outlook & gmail integrations
tie outlook or gmail accounts to pcrecruiter for seamless integration







searching & sourcing
powerful search and candidate capture functionality for roll up lists and jobs.







job board
make your job openings visible on your company website and collect candidate info, all from within pcrecruiter.







compliance & reporting
rest assured that you’re fully compliant with eeo and ofccp regulations.







analytics
track your team’s activities, progress and performance indicators.







pipeline
our recently updated pipeline gives complete access to your data.







solutions


helping you hiresince 1998


main sequence technology, inc. is one of the world’s most established and successful developers of software for recruiting, sourcing, and applicant tracking.
discover the allure of the replica rolex datejust, a perfect fusion of luxury and craftsmanship. this stunning timepiece captures the essence of sophistication, designed for those who appreciate elegance without compromise. elevate your style and make a statement with every tick of this iconic watch. experience timeless luxury today!
discover the thrill of satisfaction with – where every puff transforms the ordinary into the extraordinary. immerse yourself in a world of rich flavors and smooth clouds that elevate your vaping experience. whether you’re a seasoned connoisseur or a curious newcomer, there’s a perfect blend waiting just for you. join the revolution of relaxation and let iget nicotine containing be your companion on this flavorful journey. unleash your senses and indulge in the art of vaping today!

book demo







                        6700+                    

                        recruiters                    



                        655934                    

                        candidates                    



                        58449                    

                        hires this year                    



                        $412,604,290                    

                        in placements made                    






what our customers are saying



we build software that serves your needs – not the other way around. hear what customers have to say about pcrecruiter’s award-winning service and support.



























alyssa b.
 principal recruiter



                                                                        pcrecruiter has everything you need and then some. it helps keep you organized and moving candidates through the recruiting process. it also helps with business development and activity tracking. exce...                                 







chris b.
 banking & wealth management recruiter



                                                                        i call in every so often to ask a couple of questions about our database or suggestions for using the system better and the service team at pcrecruiter is amazing. they are resourceful, thoughtful, an...                                 







gregory b.
 programmer - medical practice



                                                                        a great, less expensive option for high volume recruiting.                                







verified reviewer
 management consulting



                                                                        very robust crm/ats                                







scott r.
 vp of operations - hospitality



                                                                        great customer service... always there when we need something... always adapting to changes.                                







guion s.
 senior managing partner - talent acquisitions & executive search - hospitality



                                                                        a recruiter's best friend                                







john h.
 president - staffing and recruiting



                                                                        my best and most critical resource for recruiting success!                                







ed d.
 global director, workforce management



                                                                        it really serves all our needs, and then some. most internal hr departments fail on the candidate experience and on being disciplined in consistently applying recruitment processes. pcr allows you to ...                                 







manny d.
 president



                                                                        i have used the most popular ats systems in over 10 years as a corporate recruiter in fortune 500 environments. now that i'm an independent headhunter, i'm amazed at how much value and features you ca...                                 







scott r.
 vp of operations



                                                                        extremely user friendly! we were with our old system for 16 years and this was a breeze to switch over to!!                                







david s.
 managing partner



                                                                        we have been with pcr for close to 15 years. the new tools they have come out with make it easier to use than ever before - the "capture" feature, the outlook portal, and the ability to integrate with...                                 







tricia sellers
 branch manager



                                                                        using pcr has set us up for success for starting our us division. easy to us, easy to train, easy to edit for our business.                                

















ready to reach out?
get in contact with pcrecruiter or arrange to see our software in action. whatever works for you.


contact us


book demo










partners and affiliations



























































































































 monday



































































































 verified first


































who we serve
permanent placement
staffing industry
human resources
 

discover our tech
discover our tech
developer api
integrations & partners
 

about us
contact us
our team
careers
 

technical info
support
downloads
learning center
 




 



+1 (440) 946-5214
privacy policy
terms of use
google api limited use policy

© 1995 - 2022 main sequence technology inc.











request call back
 
                [contact-form-7 id="21" title="home banner form"]            






















bootstrap modal title



bootstrap modal body text should be here.



close















