




agegroup sports triathlon news and photos















agegroup


.



.















 









 






 
           
 
 










.
.



tm















 your source for gear essentials.
       
      









 












ioc
            approves the olympic qualification criteria for paris 2024 olympics


world triathlon is
              pleased to announce that the ioc has approved the olympic
              qualification criteria for the paris 2024 olympic games. the
              criteria was previously endorsed as well by the world
              triathlon executive board.

              please note that world triathlon will have three (3) medal events
              in paris 2024 olympic games: men individual race, women
              individual race and mixed relay. the total quota will be 110
              athletes (55 men and 55 women) and the qualification period will
              start on may 27, 2022, and will finish on the same day in 2024.

              there will be various ways to qualify for paris 2024 olympic games
              and earn one of the 55 spots available for each gender. as in the
              previous edition of the olympic games, there will be mixed relay
              events counting towards the qualification.
               
              the host country (france) will have two men and two women (one
              mixed relay) qualified. the winner  of the 2022 world
              triathlon mixed relay championships, to be held in montreal on
              june 26, 2022, will be allocated two quota places per gender (in
              case that country has already the spot allocated, will roll down).
              the same will happen with the winner of the 2023 mixed relay world
              championships, whose winner will be allocated two spots per
              gender.

              the top six countries of the mixed relay olympic
              qualification ranking as of march 25, 2024, will secure 2 men and
              2 women quota places. in case a country already had secured their
              spots previously, the places will be allocated to the next highest
              ranked country.
               
              there will be two further countries awarded with 2-2 places from
              those finishing on the first places of the mixed relay olympic
              qualification event, to be held between april 15 and may 27, 2024.
              if a country has already been allocated spots, it will not be
              eligible to participate on this event. 
               
              with these three methods, we will have secured 22 of the 55
              places.
               
              there will be 26 places available through the individual olympic
              qualification ranking.
               
              for those countries with 2-2 places already secured by any of the
              previous qualification pathways, the top 2 athletes in both
              genders will not be considered in this ranking.
               
              the 26 highest ranking athletes on the world triathlon individual
              olympic qualification ranking as of may 27, 2024 will be allocated
              one quota place for their country, respecting the maximum quota
              allocation per noc per event.
               
              the eligibility criteria to any of the athletes for all the above
              places will be the top 140 places of the individual olympic
              qualification ranking.
               
              the “new flag” rule will be applied again for the
              qualification for paris 2024. the countries that will be eligible
              for those places will be the ones which athletes’ are at the
              best ranking position from the continent on the world triathlon
              ranking (former points list) from those countries which didn’t
              secure any place by any means of the above.
               
              last but not least, a maximum of 2 invitations will be awarded by
              the tripartite commission to countries entitled to receive such
              places and with eligible athletes according to the ioc criteria,
              which is to be in the top 180 of the world triathlon ranking
              for the last two qualification means.
               
              some other important aspects: the quota places will be earned for
              the countries and it will be the internal decision of the national
              olympic committees to nominate the athletes from those eligible.
               
              countries with minimum 3 athletes in the top 30 of the individual
              olympic qualification ranking will be entitled to qualify 3
              athletes, other countries may earn maximum 2 quotas per gender.
               
              nocs with 2 men and 2 women qualified, irrelevant to the
              qualification pathway, are entitled to have a team competing in
              the mixed relay event. 
               














      looking for summer fun for the kids?


      looking for an entry-level triathlon for you?


      looking for adult triathlon training clinics?

      visit great basin coaching
      for multi-sport coaching.

 
      
 




 
    











agegroup sports online is a production of agegroup sports. any
    reproduction or storage of material presented at this site is prohibited without the
    express written consent of agegroup sports.





problems?
    contact: webmaster@agegroupsports.com


other
    questions? contact editor@agegroupsports.com


copyright
    © 1998-2022 agegroup sports




