





greensboro dog boarding | lucky's pet resort & day spa
 


































































skip to content
 





















												book today!
											


(336) 668-7381






















home
boarding

dog
cat
critter


doggie day care
grooming
dog training
about us

facility
history
hours


pet tv
contact us






 








 
slide3_1542252271state-of-the-art facility
our conveniently located, 20,00 square foot facility sits on 8 acres of land minutes from pti airport and interstate 40.
reserve now 
slide2_1542252271lucky’s doggie day care
drop off your pup for a day of playtime and socialization with other dogs.
about day care 
slide1_1542252272the triad’s premier family owned and operated pet resort
we offer safe and affordable boarding options for your dog, cat, or critter.
boarding services 
 



 





 







doggie day care
drop your canine friend off for a day of playtime with other dogs.
about day care




  







pet boarding
we will care for your pet at our trusted and secure boarding facility.
boarding services




  







pet grooming
keep your pet healthy, well-groomed and happy with our grooming spa.
learn more




  







contact us
interested in our services or require more info? give us a call today!
get started




 













greensboro dog boarding, doggie daycare & grooming
the triad’s premier family owned & operated pet resort
trying to find a great place for your pets to stay can be a hassle. you want a place where your pet can be safe, secure, and happy! for over a decade, our team at lucky’s pet resort & day spa have made it our priority to provide only the best boarding, grooming, and day care services in greensboro and the surrounding areas.
unlike other boarding companies that only provide services for cats or dogs, our pet-friendly center welcomes cats, dogs, and critters of all shapes and sizes. your pet will feel right at home at our clean facility and enjoy many features like our pet specific playrooms. looking for more information? give our greensboro pet resort by calling (336) 668-7381!
at lucky’s pet resort & day spa, our most popular services include: 

boarding
doggie day care
grooming

we provide pet specific care
lucky’s pet resort & day spa has been family owned and operated since it was opened in 2004. our staff is highly trained to care for all breeds of dogs and cats regardless of their size. our friendly and caring staff members closely monitor all of our guests to make sure their time at lucky’s is safe and enjoyable.
we take care of the following pets:

dogs
cats
critters (birds, bunnies, snakes, hamsters, fish)

visit our pet-friendly facility today!
at lucky’s pet resort & day spa, we know that each owner loves his or her pet(s) unconditionally. every time you bring your loved pet here you can rest assure they are in great hands and will return home happy. we offer a fun, yet relaxing environment for your pet to experience. when your pet needs to be freshened up, we have the perfect product in our “groomingdales” department that is sure to enhance your pet’s appearance.
 to find out more about our boarding, day care, and grooming services, please reach out to our friendly staff at (336) 668-7381.
please call for reservations and questions, as we are experiencing an email issue currently. thanks for your assistance.











view our hours of operation



get in touch
let us know how we can help you!

name*email*phone*message:*

 











 











                                    passionate pet care                                


clean and safe facilitybest service in the triadfamily owned and operatedboarding, day care, and groomingserving the piedmont triad since 2004multiple boarding options for dogs, cats and critters 






















home
boarding
doggie day care
grooming
dog training
about us
pet tv
contact us
 





lucky’s pet resort & day spa 
greensboro dog boarding 
located at 
7846 mccloud rd 
greensboro, nc 27409 
view map 









(336) 668-7381







stay in touch






fax: 866-449-6405










							©2018 all rights reserved.						

privacy policy
site map
accessibility statement
 











 




















