admissions at kansas state university





powercat


chevron


double-chevron



chat-purple





home


computer window with a question mark





close


facebook


linkedin


menu


search


twitter


youtube


apply-purple








apply-white








chat-white





request-purple



request-white







jump to main contentjump to footer

kansas state university



connect
canvas
orgcentral
navigate
ksis
hris
webmail



sign in


browse a-z




admissionssearch
search
kansas state university admission join a community of difference-makers, problem-solvers, late-night dreamers and early-morning go-getters. be the next gamechanger. be the next wildcat.




how to apply
find your pathway and submit your application to take the next step toward your future.



request info
let us know what you're interested in and instantly access a downloadable digest of all things k-state.



visit a k-state campus
from on-campus events to personalized one-on-one visits, we’re ready to roll out the purple carpet for you.






apply today
undergraduate admissionapply for undergraduate admission at k-state. whether you're an incoming freshmen, transfer, international student. concurrent student, returning student, military affiliated, or online student, we've got you covered.find your undergraduate application pathway graduate admissionapply for graduate admission at k-state. we'll get you on the right path toward the right graduate application, and we'll help you find the specific admission requirements and deadlines associated with your program.find your graduate application pathway 






discover the student experiences we offer
manhattan campusk-state’s main campus, home to the princeton review's #1 friendliest students in the nation.learn more salina campusa student experience emphasizing innovative learning, real-world experiences and industry connections.learn more olathe campusadvanced degrees and industry collaboration in a world-class, greater kansas city venue.learn more k-state onlinelearn from wherever you live with k-state at your fingertips.learn more 


 
discover your passionexplore our hundreds of programs, interest areas, and career paths to find the one that best fits you.scholarships from day oneuse our scholarship finder to see what you may qualify for upon admission.student experiencewhether you're taking classes on one of our campuses or studying online, you will feel the support of the k-state community every step of the way.


apply-white








chat-white





request-white



how to applyrequest infovisitoffice of recruitment and admissions119 anderson hall 919 mid-campus dr. north, manhattan, ks 66506-0121 785-532-1521 | apply@k-state.edu





contact us


emergency


statements and disclosures


accessibility





kbor free expression statement




© kansas state university


updated






updated: 6/25/24

