







wolf conservation center
























































































skip to content

















				search			



search



 











visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our youtube page





visit our instagram page





 









adopt a wolfdonateshop


























































programs & events public program calendar visitor information program survey special events sleeping with wolves school & group education programs scout programs virtual programs offsite education programs coyote coexistence programs summer wolf camp for kids meet our education teammeet our wolves webcams video library ambassador wolves red wolves and mexican gray wolves wcc wolves released to the wild in memorylearn wolf faq how many wild wolves are in the united states? red wolf mexican gray wolf eastern wolf eastern coyote wolf legislation tracker scientific research wcc integrative ecology and coexistence lab scientific articles and research scientific webinar library resources for educators curriculum for educators graphics for educators school education programs offsite education programs virtual program options activities for kidsabout about us contact us board members meet our staff career opportunities internships financialssupport newsletter sign up donate wolf pass adopt a wolf planned giving advocate fundraise host a fundraiser peer-to-peer shop volunteer donate goods and services corporate partnerships




 




×
programs & events public program calendar visitor information program survey special events sleeping with wolves school & group education programs scout programs virtual programs offsite education programs coyote coexistence programs summer wolf camp for kids meet our education teammeet our wolves webcams video library ambassador wolves red wolves and mexican gray wolves wcc wolves released to the wild in memorylearn wolf faq how many wild wolves are in the united states? red wolf mexican gray wolf eastern wolf eastern coyote wolf legislation tracker scientific research wcc integrative ecology and coexistence lab scientific articles and research scientific webinar library resources for educators curriculum for educators graphics for educators school education programs offsite education programs virtual program options activities for kidsabout about us contact us board members meet our staff career opportunities internships financialssupport newsletter sign up donate wolf pass adopt a wolf planned giving advocate fundraise host a fundraiser peer-to-peer shop volunteer donate goods and services corporate partnerships













 







 







love is rare.
so are wolves. 



sponor a maiting pair this valentine's day. 







sponsor a mating pair for someone you love





















please note: the wolf conservation center is only open to registered guests during scheduled programs. please refer to our program calendar for a list of upcoming events.






































































































































visit the wolf conservation center



come meet the wolves! we do not allow drop-in visitors, so please sign up for one of our programs: 
























photography sessions



enjoy the opportunity to photograph some of the wcc's wolves from unique vantage points! 


										learn more									












virtual programs



the wcc is excited to offer virtual programs to camps, classes, and more!  


										learn more									












after school programs



take a walk on the wild side and give the young animal lover in your family a chance to thrive among wolves and other woodland critters! 


										learn more									












sleeping with wolves



throw yourselves to the wolves and spend the night at the wolf conservation center! 


										learn more									
























program dates:















feb 22



winter wonderland photo session


february 22 @ 8:00 am

view event






feb 22



winter wolves


february 22 @ 11:00 am

view event






feb 22



winter wolves


february 22 @ 2:00 pm

view event






feb 22



winter howl


february 22 @ 5:00 pm

view event












full calendar























what visitors have to say:













 
"wow! besides getting an education on some of the most beautiful animals on the planet and being in “their environment “ it truly was one of the top 10 trips i have taken. the staff are fantastic!"
 


 
"first off, this place is amazing! we had an amazing time learning and watching the wolves. the staff is very friendly and helpful too."
 


 
"this was on my sister in law's bucket list, and i am so glad that she, myself and my children were able to experience it. seeing the ambassador wolves up close was a spiritual experience and the staff was amazing and knowledgeable."
 































webcams



can't visit our wolves in person right now? meet our wolves on webcam! 








ambassador wolves









red wolves









mexican gray wolves

































latest news & research































											montana bill would allow mass slaughter of wolves, public comment needed									


			january 28, 2025	


montana’s legislative session is in full swing, and so are the anti-wolf, anti-science bills. on thursday, january 30th at 3 pm mst, the house fish, wildlife & parks committee will…



















											montana introduces slew of anti-wolf bills, public comment needed									


			january 20, 2025	


the start of montana’s 2025 legislative session has seen the introduction of several anti-wildlife and anti-wolf bills, and a pair of especially dangerous bills are being discussed by the house…



















											federal government denies anti-wolf petitions that sought to weaken wolf protections									


			january 7, 2025	


the us fish and wildlife service (fws) today announced a denial of proposals that would have removed endangered species act (esa) protections for wolves in various parts of the united…



















											latest report on mexican gray wolf recovery shows ongoing problems									


			december 20, 2024	


for immediate release december 20, 2024 media contacts:  cyndi tuell, western watersheds project, (520) 272-2454, cyndi@westernwatersheds.org chris smith, wildearth guardians, (505) 395-6177, csmith@wildearthguardians.org  claire musser, grand canyon wolf recovery project…



















											alaska board of game proposals unfairly target wolves, public comment needed									


			december 16, 2024	


the alaska board of game will discuss a variety of proposals, several of which seek to increase the number of wolves killed, during their january 2025 meetings. these proposals blatantly…



















											north carolina wildlife agency recommits to red wolf recovery									


			december 6, 2024	


north carolina’s wildlife resources commission adopted a new resolution on december 5, 2024, requiring staff to work with the u.s. fish and wildlife service to collaboratively manage canids on the…



















											eu votes to downgrade wolf protections, let farmers kill wolves									


			december 3, 2024	


in a meeting on tuesday, members of the bern convention on the conservation of european wildlife and natural habitats voted to downgrade the status of wolves from “strictly protected” to…



















											thrillist explorers visit the wolf conservation center									


			november 30, 2024	


thrillist explorers and travel photographer nikki tomlin journeyed to the wolf conversation center in south salem, new york. nikki joined wcc director of education regan downey and research associate sunny…



















											conservation groups demand justice after mexican wolf near flagstaff found dead									


			november 15, 2024	


media contacts:  cyndi tuell, western watersheds project, 520-272-2454, cyndi@westernwatersheds.org sandy bahr, sierra club – grand canyon chapter, 602-999-5790, sandy.bahr@sierraclub.org  taylor mckinnon, center for biological diversity, 801-300-2414, tmckinnon@biologicaldiversity.org  claire musser, grand…



















											wcc wolves as halloween candy!									


			october 29, 2024	


as we kick off halloween season at the wolf conservation center, we’re matching some of the wolves at the wcc with the candy we think best matches their personality. check…



























how we are helping save wolves











18,000
people educated about wolves through our programs each year








register for a program











113
endangered red and mexican wolves have spent time at the wcc as part of the saving animals from extinction program








learn about safe











54
critically endangered red and mexican wolves born at the wcc








write a letter























we need your help. join the fight to save wolves:
















donate



we are a non-profit that relies on donations from donors like you to complete our mission of education and conservation. 












sign up for updates




please leave this field empty














advocate



we need your help to make our voices heard. visit our action center to write a letter in support of wolf conservation. 














 


















visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our youtube page





visit our instagram page





 




wolf conservation center
7 buck run, south salem, ny 10590
mailing address:  p.o. box 421 south salem, ny 10590
phone: 914-763-2373
                                        the wolf conservation center is a registered 501 (c)(3) nonprofit charitable organization #1‌3-407‌3912











© 2025 wolf conservation center, all rights reserved. privacy policy  |  site map









 





















