


















fountain hills, az - official website | official website









 















skip to main content



















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    your government      residents      business      how do i...  


 

 

 

 



 














about fountain hills







agendas







register for a class







staff directory









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 










    





 










search







 
 
 




 











































  
 
 







 














agendas








events and more










 
 














forms








notify me










 
 














online payments








code or streetconcerns










 
 
 


























 














get the latest news & highlights from fountain hills
 






  
 
 







 















saturday's concours in the hills postponed due to weather 


the town of fountain hills has been notified by the phoenix children's foundation that the event has been moved to saturday, april 19th.						read on...







town’s mcso law enforcement contract cost to decrease significantly with no cuts to service 


the town was notified this week that the contract cost with mcso, which provides law enforcement services to the town, will decrease by $373,000 in fiscal year 2026 from the current year’s amount, providing significant cost savings to the town.						read on...







firewise usa town hall meeting set for february 24th 


the arizona department of forestry and fire management is hosting the town hall alongside the fountain hills fire department. the event is scheduled to take place from 6pm - 7pm on monday, february 24th at the community center.						read on...







sign up for the town's new digital monthly newsletter 


a new digital monthly newsletter launches in april, and will allow you to stay up to date with the latest news and information from the town of fountain hills!						read on...







fountain hills launches permit registration portal for short-term rentals 


owners of existing short-term rental properties in fountain hills must obtain the required permit to operate within 60 days and anyone operating a short-term rental without proper registration is subject to a violation.						read on...







electronic recycling event set for saturday, april 5th 


the event will run from 8am - noon on saturday, april 5th, 2025 in the fountain hills high school parking lot (16100 palisades blvd.). this is a great opportunity to properly dispose or old electronics.						read on...







2025 bulk waste collection starts in march 


the 2025 residential bulk waste collection schedule is now available! this service, provided by republic services, allows residents to dispose of large household items that cannot fit in their regular waste bins.						read on...







fountain hills unveils 2025 spring event guide 


the town of fountain hills is excited to share the official 2025 spring events guide, highlighting a variety of events arizonans and out-of-state visitors can enjoy over the next several months.						read on...







town council unanimously approves additional funding for wash maintenance 


since the fall, progress on wash maintenance has been significantly faster than anticipated, and the need for continued work has become more pressing as the high-risk wildfire and flood seasons approach.						read on...







relief at last: new restroom opens at four peaks park 


a new prefabricated restroom and storage facility is now open at four peaks park. situated by the playground, the grant funded unit has four individual stalls, drinking fountains and a storage room for park maintenance.						read on...







local venture capitalist brings state-of-the-art regus workspace to fountain hills 


entrepreneur david racich, known for founding locally headquartered insurance and finance companies, has partnered with the town of fountain hills to launch a cutting-edge regus workspace at 16930 e. palisades blvd.						read on...







gerry friedel sworn in as town's 9th mayor 


the town of fountain hills seated gerry friedel as the town’s 9th mayor at the december 3rd town council meeting.						read on...







international dark sky discovery center to celebrate placement of dome 


the international dark sky discovery center and the town of fountain hills are excited to announce that the massive 38-ton, steel-ribbed, plywood-wrapped dome will be officially placed onto the foundation pillars on monday, dec. 23 at 9 a.m.						read on...







recount in council race shows no change in results 


an automatic recount conducted by maricopa county confirmed incumbent peggy mcmahon the winner of the race for town councilmember.						read on...







drainage improvements underway at golden eagle park 


construction is now underway at golden eagle park to substantially improve the park’s drainage capability and work to minimize flood damage.						read on...







driver, pedestrian safety in focus as nicer weather brings many outdoors 


with more people out and about, the maricopa county sheriff's office has responded to several recent vehicular collisions, including single-vehicle incidents, vehicle-pedestrian, and even a vehicle-cyclist crash that left the cyclist injured.						read on...







fountain hills, night sky tourist announce geminids meteor shower event 


the town of fountain hills along with night sky tourist star dudes and the fountain hills dark sky association are excited to announce a meteor shower watch party for the upcoming geminids meteor shower on the evening of dec. 13 at four peaks park.						read on...







updated - unofficial election results - november 5, 2024 general election 


unofficial election results for the november 5, 2024 general election are now available.						read on...







fountain hills announces thanksgiving celebration schedule 


the town of fountain hills is pleased to announce this year’s thanksgiving celebration schedule.						read on...







fountain hills appoints new public information officer 


the town of fountain hills is pleased to announce the appointment of mike pelton as its new public information officer and community relations director, effective oct. 14.						read on...







fountain hills unveils 2025 visitors guide 


the town of fountain hills is excited to share the official 2025 visitors guide.						read on...







town debuts stunning shade structure, renovated centennial pavilion 


the renovated centennial pavilion now features an eye-catching 80-foot artistic shade structure. this versatile addition is ready to host everything from casual gatherings and meetups to concerts, special events, and even weddings.						read on...







fountain hills announces proclamation for arts & humanities month 


the town of fountain hills is excited to announce an official proclamation for arts & humanities month starting oct. 1.						read on...







fountain hills receives national award for branding 


the city-county communications & marketing association (3cma) announced the winners of its 2024 savvy awards during a ceremony held at the loews arlington hotel in texas on sept. 5.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












tue, feb. 18



town council meeting

town council meetingread on




wed, feb. 19



strategic planning advisory commission meeting

strategic planning advisory commission meetingread on








thu, feb. 20



board of adjustment canceled

board of adjustment canceledread on




tue, feb. 25



town council retreat

town council retreatread on







view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 







 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







town of fountain hills 16705 e. avenue of the fountainsfountain hills, az  85268phone: 480-816-5100tty: 800-367-8939fax: 480-837-3145office hours: 7a - 6p m - th
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







employment opportunities



experience fountain hills



financial reports



fountain hills insider



in the loop



master plans



recreation programs









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







site map



accessibility



copyright notices



staff directory









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









