






capecodding – food & more



















skip to content



capecodding food & more





 				menu			

about











 
four things to keep in mind while planning your prom night at limousine 
 richard robinson july 11, 2020december 15, 2020 



are you planning for a special night at the prom? a limousine prom night could be the best thing you can plan for your special day. prom night may be an event of a few hours, but you cherish the memories of that night for the rest of your life. hence, limousine prom night with friends can be the best deal regarding comfort, luxury, safety and cost of course. however, you need to keep few things in mind before planning for a perfect prom night at limousine.

here are four things that need to be noted while booking the limousine for prom night.
look and feel
in the modern era of e-commerce, look and feel factor is slowly going away. however, that might not work with your limousine. it is therefore important to go and check your limousine while finalizing the booking. you would be way too much disappointed if a smoke-filled limousine turns up at your door for the prom night with a lot of scratches and dents. hence, make sure what is arriving at your doorstep well in advance. it is best that if you take your friends along to ensure that you do not miss anything. see toronto limo vip for info.
cost
well, prom night is a teen party and you might not want to have a huge credit card bill for your parents. hence, the budget is the key. it is very important to ensure that the rental service company does not have hidden charges. you should also be very upfront with your budget detail to make sure you have the cost under the control. if you are sharing the cost with your friends, the budget must be detailed and shared with everyone.
safety
there is no compromise on the safety and limousine party has no difference as well. make sure that the limousine you have booked is well-maintained and certified by an engineer. the insurance is also pretty much important. the insurance of the limo should be verified along with the other papers. this ensures that the limousine rental service company is a legal … 

read 



 
how to make your cleaning process greener 
 richard robinson july 11, 2020july 11, 2020 




in today’s world, the environment has become one of the most important concerns for people. everyone is looking for a greener alternative in everything they perform. cleaning is not very different than others as well. people are now trying to find out the greener alternative of the regular cleaning process. the first question that pops in mind is whether it is possible. well, it is very much possible. there is a number of ways by which we can switch to greener alternatives. here are the possible ways to go green while cleaning.
cleaning agents
the very first way to ensure the green cleaning process is to change the cleaning agents. the cleaning agents or chemicals or materials that are used are not always environmentally friendly. there are multiple products available in the market that are environmentally friendly. this could be one of the things that can be done. alternatively, one can use natural ingredients as well to clean the house. this would be a great contribution to the green environment and a healthy atmosphere as well. see https://www.montrealmaidservices.com/office-cleaning.html for more.
water
water is one of the scarcest natural resources now. there are plenty of people in the world who are without water and thus wasting water would be a great unjust. thus one can say that the best cleaning process is the one which uses less amount of water. we need to switch to the cleaning process that does not require a huge amount of water. without water, it is difficult to clean, but intelligent cleaning needs less amount of water. this would be another great initiative and step towards the cleaner and greener environment.
the next is to conserve water. one way is to use less water for cleaning, but the other is to conserve water while cleaning. one can switch to spraying of water instead of pouring while cleaning. this would be a great start to conserve our natural resources and another way of moving towards a greener environment.
reusability
reusability is a wonderful concept. this is used in every sphere from technology to cleaning. if you have … 

read 



 
how to select a roofing contractor 
 richard robinson march 20, 2020march 20, 2020 



selecting a good roofing contractor is easier said than done. roofing is very important and one needs to be very careful to select the best one. it does not only impact the cost of roofing but also ensures the longevity of it. many people go by the cost of the contractor. however, that is not the correct approach. you can hire a cheap contractor but the same contractor can use cheap material. this would cost you frequent repair work which would be an additional cost of maintenance. the durability of the roof would also be compromised for the same. now, that would require an early replacement of the roof. so, overall the cost would be huge. hence, it is always preferred to run through some checks before finalizing a roofing contractor. the contractors that perform roofing in west island had informed us of these below:

references

references for the roofing
contractor is non-negotiable. the contractor might provide you some references.
however, you need to ensure that the references are not very old. recent
references always take preferences. one can also find testimonials from
different other customers about the contractor. never buy the testimonials
provided by the contractor. the feedback from others who are neutral is
valuable. it can be online and can be offline as well. one can ask friends and
families who have done similar jobs in recent times for references and
testimonials. 
comfort 
the comfort of working with a
contractor is very important. the roofing does not get completed in a few days.
it takes times and the labor spends time at home. you will not really like to
have contractors with whom you are not comfortable with. hence, it is very
important that you check the level of comfort. you can ask your questions and
doubts about the roofing process before starting. this would give you a fair
idea about the comfort level. if you are not satisfied with the answers, maybe
your search is not yet over. 
similar
job experience 
it is often said that there is
nothing that can replace experience. however, experience with roofing … 

read 



 
three reasons why cleaning is absolutely significant 
 richard robinson february 26, 2020may 6, 2020 



carpets get walked on and stepped
on very often. well, spilling of food and liquid are also very common in the
carpet. whether your kids or pets, they spend most of the time on the carpet.
there are two aspects come from this, the first is that it will be very dirty
and the second one is that it needs to be cleaned. many believe that there are
several benefits to cleaning the carpet. however, carpet cleaning is not
beneficial but inevitable for good health and a beautiful home. here is why
carpet cleaning is absolutely necessary. 

cost 
the very first thing is the cost
of the house. a dirty carpet tends to wear off very quickly. so, you may need
to buy a new carpet sooner than expected. the cost of the carpets is nominal
and that increases your cost. the carpet cleaning thus is very important. it
does not matter whether you are cleaning at home or you are professionally
cleaning, the cleaning enhances the lifespan of the carpet. 
regular cleaning of the carpet also reduces the overall maintenance cost. regular cleaning services ensures that the carpet remains in its good health. the maintenance cost drastically reduces thanks to the cleaning. the regular cleaning obviously makes it very good for the carpet. however, professional cleaning in between has big impacts as well. the cleaning at home may not be as effective as professional cleaning. however, both of the cleanings play a crucial role to enhance the lifespan and quality of the carpet. 
the cost associated with cleaning
the carpet is also very affordable now. new technologies and new solutions that
have come in the market that can ensure quick and efficient carpet cleaning at
a cheaper price. so, overall, the cost of the carpet cleaning remains at check.

air quality 
the air quality is a matter of concern for the entire world now. however, have you ever thought about indoor air quality? it is told that indoor quality is one of the polluted because of the trapped air along with dust, dirt, and allergens. the carpet generally traps … 

read 



 
how often should you clean your area rug? 
 richard robinson february 21, 2020february 22, 2020 




this is an obvious question that keeps popping up in our minds. area rug cleaning should be deep cleaned in order to enhance the longevity of the carpet. the dust must be cleaned from the carpet not only to keep it clean but to also keep the environment healthy. the general answer for the normal deep cleaning of carpet is 10-12 months. however, this is a generalized answer. the frequency of deep cleaning of the carpet depends on multiple factors. if none of the following are applicable, then deep area rug cleaning of the carpet can be done once every 12 months. 
smoking 
if you smoke at home, then the need for deep cleaning increases by a considerable amount. smoking releases many gases. these gases are generally harmful to health. it is a common belief that the gasses go to the lungs and impact the smoker. however, this is not the entire story. the gasses get mixed with the dirt particles at home and get settled on the carpet. the toxic particles then keep getting released to the air. when we breathe, the toxic particles are inhaled and then it creates the same impact on your lungs as it does to the smoker. to avoid this to happen, the carpet must be deep cleaned very often. it depends on how often we smoke at home. if the frequency is very high, then the carpet must be deep cleaned every three months. if the smoking frequency is mild then deep cleaning once in six months could be adequate. 
kids 
kids are always restless and that
is the most exciting part of them. however, this could be a reason for deep
cleaning as well. it is often observed that they spill the food and drinks on
the carpet. these particles get mixed with the dirt and settle in the carpet.
this is not only a source of bad indoor air quality but also dangerous for the
carpet fiber. the carpet fiber is generally damaged due to the spiked milk and
food. it is therefore very important to deep clean the carpet ensures … 

read 



 
best carpet cleaning techniques for effective result 
 richard robinson february 16, 2020february 19, 2020 



carpet cleaning is very important
for the health and the longevity of the carpet. carpet is one of the key décors
at home. it should be cleaned for beautification and better air quality as
well. professional services can always be called for carpet cleaning, however,
it is important to know about the techniques of carpet cleaning. this is very
important to understand how the carpet is cleaned. here are the most popular
techniques for carpet cleaning for efficient cleaning services. 

hot
water extraction cleaning 
this is also known as the steam carpet cleaning. toronto carpet cleaning uses this technique. high-pressure hot water is used in this technique. by this technique, hot water is used to agitate the fiber of the carpet. this is generally done on the soiled surface. the agitation is also done by a soft brush. the dissolved dirt in the carpet fiber gets washed off. the rinsing is the next step. the cleaning agent gets settled in the carpet for a short duration and it would be cleaned by the carpet cleaning equipment. it will be rinsed thoroughly and left to dry. 
the average size of the carpet takes 2 hours for cleaning and 4 hours for drying. this can be done in your kitchen renovation if it makes a mess too.
carpet
shampooing 
the shampooing is another good technique for carpet cleaning. the carpet cleaning is done on the heavily soiled carpet. the shampooing is done on the carpet then. however, this process leaves behind a huge amount of wet foam residue and that works as a disadvantage to the team. 
encapsulation

encapsulation is a better process than carpet shampooing. this process uses the synthetic detergent that uses gets crystallized as a powder when dried. the loose dirt particles basically get trapped into the crystal powder. when the carpet is dried, then it can be brushed off or vacuumed to remove all the particles. this is a better process as no residue is left behind with encapsulation. 
bonnet
cleaning 
this cleaning ensures good
surface cleaning as the top part of the carpet fiber is cleaned. a … 

read 



 
top kitchen renovation tips 
 richard robinson december 16, 2019february 13, 2020 



below are some tips on renovating your kitchen from our bloggers.



for more kitchen ideas check us out.… 

read 



 
kitchen decoration tips 
 richard robinson november 9, 2016 



the kitchen is one of the most important part of your house, some would say that it is the most important. either way, the decoration of a kitchen must suit your needs. it is the place where the family members spend their time to cook meals.

the environment of a kitchen must be comfortable for all family members, that is way the interior decoration of a kitchen is so important. you cannot expect a great result out of cooking if your kitchen is not cooperating with you. house owners are more aware of kitchen decoration as they came to know the importance of it. so here are some tips for kitchen decoration.
personal touch
you can always hire a professional decoration company to do the decoration job for you. however, a kitchen needs your personal thoughts. kitchen is the place where you will be spending a lot of time of your daily life. so, everything must be in a way you like. that is way, a personal touch to the kitchen decoration is important. get involved with the decoration process, let your thoughts be put into reality. the idea of kitchen decoration is all about creating a comfy environment in the kitchen, and it can only be ensured when you are looking after the process.
kitchen lighting
one of the most important part of any kitchen decoration. now a day, professional home decorators are implementing smart lighting ideas to give your home interior a new look. it goes for the kitchen also; the lighting can dramatically change the atmosphere of a kitchen. of course, getting some natural sunshine directly in the kitchen is always very appealing, but is not possible for every home. so, you may have to arrange enough lighting in kitchen and it should be done in a smart way. there are many different types of decorative light fixtures for kitchen, which are elegant in design and also very effective for lighting.
organizing
probably the important part of a kitchen decoration. a kitchen is the home for thousands of small cooking related accessories. those must be arranged in … 

read 



 
benefits of do it yourself home improvement 
 richard robinson may 31, 2016april 15, 2020 



home improvement is the best alternative of buying a new house if you want your house to look new. home improvement projects can change the look of your house and make it look like a new one. you probably have thought about a home improvement but didn’t move forward considering the cost. however, a home renovation doesn’t cost that much if you do it rightly. you can hire a professional contractor and hand over the project and wait for the result, or you can make a proper plan and work on the project on your own.
here are some benefits of doing the home improvement work on your own.

save the expenses
of course firing a professional for the home improvement will cost a lot. you will have to spend a lot as they will put a lot of requirements in front of you. if you take the task on you own, you can save a lot of money and put those on the actual project. contractors will give you a budget of the project after the full inspection, the figure is likely to be very high. you may consider postponing the project after seeing the estimated cost. so take the task on your own hand and save money.
express your thought
your house is the true representation of your thoughts and passion. it says a lot about your passion and creativity. the decoration of your house can make or break your personality on the eyes of visitors. if you do the home improvement on your own, you can express your thoughts through it. it is an amazing opportunity to put on thoughts on the design and decoration. every person has some creative ideas regarding the design of the house. you can actually implement those ideas during the home improvement project.
improvement of home condition
your house is something very close to you and you always want it to look better. a hired professional will do the home improvement for money and you find a better result with a professional home improvement service. however, the contractor doesn’t have any emotional … 

read 



 
finding the right pest extermination service contractor can be difficult without these tips 
 richard robinson january 28, 2016january 15, 2016 




the perfect pest management contractor is one with a great reputation and solid customer service. it is necessary to understand that your pest control service provider is keeping your project running smoothly in your absence. someone who’ll do honest work without cheating is ideal. our collection of methods can help you select a local contractor who is suitable for your needs.
the demand is high for pest management contractors who do good work. it could be a smart decision to bring in one of the more known contractors so you could be certain that your project will be completed successfully. pest extermination service contractors may not have the option to focus on your project alone, since quality contractors often have a lot of projects at once. if your instincts let you know not to hire someone, listen to them.
summertime is usually the busiest season for pest management contractors. be cautious about hiring them during this time of year. many contractors will overbook and not have enough time to finish all of their work in the summer. see to it you relay every detail of your timeline to your contractor and that he agrees in writing with your schedule.
use your contract to clearly define all the parameters of a project with any pest management contractor. detecting the fine print could help you save money and trouble later. our collegues at exterminationmontrealmax.com pointed out to us tat if anything provides you with cause for concern when you’re reviewing the agreement, ask questions of your contractor before you sign the paperwork. if your contractor has used an attorney to set up the legal agreement, ensure you talk with one as well before you sign, and ask him if there might be any issues not included, that could come up later on.

it’s a difficult process to find the right pest management contractor to take care of your project. check with friends, family, and co-workers for recommendations. remodeling conventions can be a great resource when looking for reliable contractors. undertake an extensive interview process in order to make sure you employee … 

read 


posts pagination
1
2





about me hello! and welcome to my personal website! 

follow me  


search for:





recent posts


four things to keep in mind while planning your prom night at limousine


how to make your cleaning process greener


how to select a roofing contractor


three reasons why cleaning is absolutely significant


how often should you clean your area rug?


archives

july 2020
march 2020
february 2020
december 2019
november 2016
may 2016
january 2016
december 2015
october 2015














 proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
				theme: azeria by crocoblock.					











