






copything for mac, iphone & ipod - …and the music goes on.







































skip to content








crispsofties
…and the music goes on.








    menu	
copything
download
buy
faq
contact













copything


copy your iphone / ipod back to itunes
copything will save your time by making it super simple to transfer desired media. copy playlists, songs, movies, podcasts and voice memos. from iphone, ipod, or ipad, back to your itunes library. without duplicates.


too easy: select what you want, hit return, done.
transfers seamlessly into itunes, without duplicates.
view everything, or filtered by only the content which is missing from your itunes library. the number bubbles let you easily see how much items are missing, and where.
transfer playlists to itunes. all, or partly. all songs within, or partly. smartly copies media files, if required.
preview: see/hear media files, intelligently – it starts right within a song/movie.
search media, lighting fast. everywhere, or in selected playlists / media categories only. 50,000 songs? no problem.
one click restore, if you wish. everything, or for specific media categories only.
transfers with every copied file the belonging meta data like song rating, played count, played date, and more.
option to copy media files just to a folder on your mac (if itunes is undesired).

1-iphone-ipad-ipod-copy-to-itunes-library2-import-playlist-entries-to-itunes-library-mac3-iphone-playlists-to-itunes-no-duplicates4-copy-music-files-to-itunes-library5-copy-songs-movies-to-itunes-mac6-transfer-playlist-to-itunes
download copything
for macos 10.7 up to 10.14.x.
macos 10.15 and higher is not supported, as apple removed 32bit support.
to open copything, right-click it in the finder and chose “open” from the context menu. you will have to this only once.
otherwise you will get this message:

release notes / version history








about


on october 22, 2001, one day before the official release of the very first ipod, the very first ipod utility “ipod free file access” came into being.
it was very simple but it already allowed the user to copy songs from an ipod. over the years this project has evolved into an application with more features and a very easy-to-use interface, named “copything“.
names of earlier releases:

ipod free file access
ipod free file sync
ipod2itunes
ipod.itunes












 impressum / disclaimer
datenschutz

 

 © 2001 – 2021 crispsofties.
cripssofties is not affiliated with apple inc. iphone, ipod, ipad and all other apple product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of apple inc. all other company and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.

search


search for:


  search

 




















































































































































































