
























































record-eagle.com













































skip to main content



















newsletter





facebook





instagram






















search










subscribelogin








subscribe


start a subscription

manage my subscription

app downloads

newsletter


e-paper



simply the best 2025



women's history month



valentine couple photo contest



report for america donations



apply to be a newspaper carrier





news


local news

state news

nation/world news

events calendar

archives




puzzles, comics & games


comics

puzzles

games




business


the biz




features


body & soul

etc

food

go

northern living




sports


local sports

state sports

nation/world sports




opinion


editorials

letters to the editor


photos



obituaries



celebrations



weather





classifieds


jobs

homes

place an ad

transportation


public notices





contact us


submit a news tip

submit a letter to the editor

place an obituary

advertise with us

request a photo reprint

about us




publications


grand traverse scene

special sections

tv listings




shop


weekly ads

































                                                            search
                                                        















contact us


purchase photos


submit a letter to the editor


submit a news tip


place an obituary


subscribe


start a subscription


manage my subscription


e-paper


app downloads


newsletter


login





 home


about us


contact us


advertise with us


e-paper


local events


see all events


add your event


celebrations


obituaries


public notices



























8°











                                
                                    traverse city, mi
                                
                                (49684)
today
cloudy. a few flurries or snow showers possible. high near 15f. winds wnw at 10 to 20 mph..
                                
tonight
cloudy. very cold. low 11f. winds wnw at 5 to 10 mph.
 updated: february 18, 2025 @ 3:56 am



 full forecast















                tuesday, february 18, 2025
            

e-paper






newsletter





facebook





instagram

















































weather alert
















weather alert


...winter weather advisory remains in effect until 7 am est this
morning...

* what...snow. additional snow accumulations up to two inches.

* where...benzie, grand traverse, leelanau, manistee, and wexford
counties.

* when...until 7 am est this morning.

* impacts...plan on slippery road conditions. the hazardous
conditions could impact the tuesday morning commute.

precautionary/preparedness actions...

slow down and use caution while traveling.

&&













weather alert


...small craft advisory remains in effect until 7 pm est
tuesday...

* what...highest gusts up to 30 kts from the northwest and
highest waves around 6 feet.

* where...grand traverse bay south of a line grand traverse
light to norwood mi, sleeping bear point to grand traverse
light mi, point betsie to sleeping bear point mi and manistee
to point betsie mi.

* when...until 7 pm est tuesday.

* impacts...conditions will be hazardous to small craft.

precautionary/preparedness actions...

inexperienced mariners, especially those operating smaller
vessels, should avoid navigating in hazardous conditions.

&&













weather alert


...cold weather advisory remains in effect until 9 am est tuesday...

* what...very cold wind chills as low as -15 to -20 expected,
especially away from lake michigan.

* where...a portion of northern lower michigan.

* when...until 9 am est tuesday.

* impacts...the dangerously cold wind chills as low as 20 below zero
could result in hypothermia or frostbite if precautions are not
taken.

precautionary/preparedness actions...

use caution while traveling outside. wear appropriate clothing, a
hat, and gloves.

keep pets indoors as much as possible.

make sure outdoor animals have a warm, dry shelter, food, and
unfrozen water.

make frequent checks on older family, friends, and neighbors. ensure
portable heaters are used correctly. do not use generators or grills
inside.

&&
































        

        
            spitzer: a uniquely northeast michigan card game

alpena — it’s a frigid, snowy day and the roads are bad: a perfect day to hunker down and play cards with good company. 




















        

        
            delta jet flips upside down on a snowy toronto runway and all 80 aboard survive

a delta air lines plane has flipped upon arrival at toronto’s pearson airport and ended up on its roof, injuring 18 people. the airport's chie…


















        

        
            'life-threatening cold' hits parts of us following deadly weekend flooding

harsh has cold descended on the nation’s midsection as a polar vortex grips the rockies and northern plains. the bitter cold comes on the heel…


















        

        
            futures file: silver soars on fresh demand, inflation fears

though all metals were extremely volatile this week, silver’s $2 per ounce explosion, from tuesday’s low, pumped adrenalin into speculators wo…


















        

        
            car review: cadillac ct5-v blackwing sedan is a blast

there was a time when the cadillac emblem out front was viewed as a land barge with a soft ride. no more. 


















        

        
            donna probes: don’t make a $10,000 facebook mistake

small business owners, take note—your social media presence can make or break your business. i recently witnessed this firsthand during a neig…


















        

        
            trump begins firings of faa staff just weeks after fatal dc plane crash

the trump administration has begun firing several hundred federal aviation administration employees, upending staff on a busy air travel weeke…

























        

        
            education newsmakers: 02/17/2025

- the kiwanis club of traverse city recognizes mckenna gelinas of traverse city as the “student of the month.” she is a senior at traverse cit…


















        

        
            lifelines: the whiskey cure, of course

this month’s prose poem was written by then-middle school student katy derks. she participated in the elk rapids elders project, interviewing …


















        

        
            mental wellness: how to show love with boundaries

february is the month of love, and while romantic relationships often take center stage, love is much bigger than romance. love encompasses ho…


















        

        
            dan nielsen: a note to a writer who can't begin

q: i want to start writing a novel, but don’t know how. i feel stuck before i’ve really started. i have a jumble of ideas. should i structure …


















        

        
            home, lead, home: couple tackles home lead contamination

traverse city — marissa loud’s dream house hid a $100,000 hazard threatening her children’s health. like homes across the country, lead contam…


















        

        
            alma college names endowed chair for tc attorney

alma — the late joseph j. zimmerman, former michigan assistant attorney general and traverse city attorney, will be the namesake of a $1.5 mil…


















        

        
            when linda henry died: 'explicit disdain for women' enabled her murder, her son says

beulah — mccord henry is picturing his mom, linda henry, on south manitou island in her park ranger’s uniform, greeting visitors just off the …


















        

        
            grand traverse county: digging into staffing plan

traverse city — grand traverse county commissioners are asking for more frequent updates about the county’s overall staffing plan – including …






























trending recipes














                
                newsstand
                
                    


















        

        
            young at heart



















        

        
            remembrance



















        

        
            real estate guide



















        

        
            national writers series










trending videos








local events


 





                
                sports
                
            






        

        
            today in sports: 02/18/2025

today's sports on tv 












        

        
            today in sports: 02/17/2025

today's tv and local sports listings:


















        

        
            traverse city record-eagle area basketball stat leaders

boys 


















        

        
            cook: central, west rivalry should get even better

this is going to be good. 
















premium text ads

























                
                most popular
                
            




 articles


 images


 videos




articlesgrand traverse county: digging into staffing planwhen linda henry died: 'explicit disdain for women' enabled her murder, her son saystwice as nice: titans beat central, stay on pace to split bnc title with cadillaccanada defenseman cale makar's status remains cloudy after missing us 4 nations game with illnessmichigan’s billy strings surprised and ‘grateful’ for second grammy award wintraverse city record-eagle area basketball stat leaderscup clincher: tc west sweeps bnc games from central, right back in title hunthome, lead, home: couple tackles home lead contaminationmunson healthcare sells 5 pharmaciestc businessman arrested in kansas tech scam sting

images








































































videos













































































record-eagle photos








to view or purchase photos, visit photos.record-eagle.com.





















                
                video
                
            















        

        
            trump comments on zelenskyy's role in russia-ukraine peace negotiations

the associated press


in an exchange with reporters sunday, trump said ukrainian president volodymyr zelenskyy “will be involved” in the negotiations. trump offered no further explanation. trump on sunday said he believed russian president vladimir putin is eager for a deal, while also noting that russia has hist…













                
                state
                
                    









        

        
            sarah te-biasu, shyanne sellers lead no. 21 maryland women over michigan 85-77

















        

        
            no. 1 ucla bounces back from 1st loss of season to edge no. 22 michigan state 75-69 without betts

















        

        
            at least 9 people are dead, including 8 in kentucky, in latest blast of winter weather

















        

        
            goldin and wolf lead no. 20 michigan over ohio state, 86-83

















        

        
            michigan state coach tom izzo passes bob knight for most big ten conference wins

















        

        
            can suspending a cage-free egg law solve the soaring price problem? nevada takes a crack at it

















        

        
            anger, chaos and confusion take hold as federal workers face mass layoffs






more state news










                
                opinion
                
                    

















        

        
            lest we forget: the brutal battle of inches on iwo jima









        

        
            letter: baker









        

        
            letter: freedman









        

        
            letter: evancho

















        

        
            forum: witnessing community collaboration









        

        
            letter: loveland-hentschel









        

        
            editorial: it's time to join the corps






more opinion





                
                obituaries
                
                    

















        

        
            patino-rufli, nancy

















        

        
            limer, donald

















        

        
            kirejczyk, alexander

















        

        
            buday, helen jan 20, 1931 - feb 10, 2025









        

        
            foster, donna

















        

        
            brovont, richard feb 11, 2025

















        

        
            hudson, david






more obituaries























                
                ongoing coverage
                
            

















        

        
            local business moves



















        

        
            homeless in traverse city



















        

        
            photo gallery: new senior center



















        

        
            the unguarded series











                
                nation/world
                
            
















        

        
            4 candidates want to be germany's next chancellor. who are they?

updated 
9 mins ago



four candidates are bidding to be germany’s next leader in sunday’s election. the would-be chancellors are the incumbent, the opposition leader, the current vice chancellor and — for the first time — a leader of a far-right party.


















        

        
            dying to serve: dozens of recruits have died nationwide while training to become police officers


11 mins ago


at least 29 recruits have died during basic training at law enforcement academies nationwide in the last decade. that's according to an ap investigation based on an extensive review of lists of law enforcement deaths in every state, workplace safety records and news reports. the investigation shows most died of exertion, dehydration, heat stroke and other conditions tied to intense exercise. many deaths occurred on the first day of physical training. others came weeks in, sometimes after drills or timed runs on hot days. experts were surprised by ap’s findings and said many deaths were preventable. no federal agency or outside organization tracks recruit deaths, unlike those of officers. black men comprised nearly 60% of the deaths, while just 12% of local police forces.


















        

        
            takeaways from ap's investigation into dozens of deaths of police recruits


9 mins ago


when a sheriff’s deputy died at a police academy in evansville, indiana, two years ago, law enforcement leaders said he'd collapsed in routine training. the associated press set out to learn whether such deaths were routine. drawing on public records and news reports, ap's investigation found that at least 29 recruits nationally died over the last decade while participating in basic training to become law enforcement officers. most deaths came after intense exertion during physical training, fight simulations or timed runs. heat and dehydration were often factors. the majority of those who died were black men, including some with a genetic condition making them more likely to have complications from exertion. the deaths appear to be rising as many departments face officer shortages.


















        

        
            photo collection: trump from outside the press pool

updated 
9 mins ago



this is a collection of photos chosen by ap photo editors. 































featured local savings


















                            get breaking news
                        

                            sign up now to get our free breaking news coverage delivered right to your inbox.
                        


sign-up
















first amendment: congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.







                
                contact information
                
            


record-eagle.com
    120 w. front st.
    traverse city, mi 49684
    
phone: 231-946-2000
email: webmaster@record-eagle.com




                
                services
                
            




about us


contact us


advertise with us


newspaper rack locations


manage my account


submission forms


using the record-eagle.com archives


site index


cookie preferences







                
                sections
                
            




 home


news


comics


puzzles


sports


community


opinion


obituaries


photos


video gallery


weather

















×
browser compatibility


your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.we recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

microsoft edge
google chrome
firefox



















© copyright 2025
record-eagle.com
120 w. front st., traverse city, mi

 | terms of use

 | privacy policy

powered by blox content management system from blox digital.





















