




exclusive wine tours in italy | tuscany, chianti, montalcino & more | italy and wine






















login


  
  
  forgot password click here

    




 
destination

montalcinosan gimignanochianti rufinamontepulcianochianti classicosan miniatobolgheribarbarescoalbacolli euganeivaldobbiadeneconeglianovalpolicella veronatuscanysoave 

tour

brunello the big red toursan gimignano wine tour san gimignano wine tasting experiencechianti rufina wine tour - castel and villa nobile di montepulciano wine tourchianti & super tuscan 3 wineriestruffle hunting & wine tastingbolgheri wine tourcastle and chianti wine tourchianti and super tuscan wine tourchianti classico wine tourchianti rufina day tourmontalcino wine tour privatewine tour to nobile di montepulcianotruffle and wine tourbarbaresco wine toursbarolo wine toursvenetian  euganean hillsprosecco wine tasting tourvalpolicella & amarone wine tourtruffle hunting in tuscanyflorence chianti vineyard tour5-day chianti and brunello wine experiencewine and cheese tour in tuscany3-day tuscany wine tourstuscany wine holiday toursoave wineries tour2 day / 2 night tuscan wine toursparkling & red wine tour from florence 

date

 





toggle navigation







home
about
staff
private wine tours 

tuscany wine tours
chianti wine tours
piedmont wine tours
venice wine tours
customized wine tours


shared tours 
tuscany wine tours
florence wine tours
chianti wine tours

 package tours

                            shared package tour
tuscany wine tours

                            private package tour
tuscany wine tours

blog 
faq reviews contact us







 
wine tours in italy
italy wine tours




shared wine tours in italy
italy shared wine tours




private wine tours in italy
italy private wine tours




private wine tours in italy
italy private wine tours










type

privateshared


category

all


destination

all


tour




date




 wine tours in tuscany from florenceprivate and shared wine tours in tuscany and beyonddiscover the best wine tours in italy with italy & wine. experience private and shared tours across tuscany, chianti, montalcino, and other renowned wine regions. taste premium wines, explore vineyards, and enjoy unforgettable experiences with expert guides.
shared wine tours tuscany & italybest value for your money: well-tested wine tours to share with small parties of up to 8 wine lovers.
private wine tours  tuscany & italytailored itineraries for maximum flexibility and premium experiences specially designed around your needs.
wine tour packages  tuscany & italy chauffeured multi-day wine tours with attractive accommodation options in florence and the chianti area.

italy and wine is a fully licensed tour operator based in florence, tuscany 
italy&wine founder vittorio del bono venezze personally designs each wine tour and picks top-quality wineries across tuscany and italy's premium wine regions so that you may sample only the very best tuscan and italian wines.
"vittorio del bono venezze"

popular wine tours from italy & wine's portfolio 

brunello the big red tour  

 

      wine-day tour shared 

this brunello wine tour is designed for true wine lovers. fans of full-bodied wines, look no further.  


   


from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.      

montalcino
tuesday, thursday and  saturday, from march until november      


 check availability pax 
   €  280    
  


san gimignano wine tour   

 

      wine-day tour shared 

blending the bold red of chianti with the crisp white of san gimignano - lunch with menu.  


   


from 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.      

san gimignano
monday, wednesday, friday and  saturday, all year round      


 check availability pax 
   €  200    
  


chianti rufina wine tour - castel and villa   

 

      wine-day tour shared 

combining exquisite wines with an unforgettable medieval setting - lunch - guided wine tasting.  


   


from 9:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.      

chianti rufina
tuesday, thursday and  saturday, from march until december      


 check availability pax 
   €  200    
  


chianti & super tuscan 3 wineries  

 

      wine-day tour shared 

experience the magic of chianti classico, visit 3 wineries - lunch at the winery - guided wine tasting.  


   


from 9:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.      

chianti classico
monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday and  friday, all year round      


 check availability pax 
   €  200    
  


truffle hunting & wine tasting  

 

      wine-day tour shared 

enjoy the charming tuscan countryside and the haunting beauty of the tuscan forests.  


   


from 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.      

san miniato
monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday and  saturday, all year round      


 check availability pax 
   €  240    
  


florence chianti vineyard tour  

 

      wine-day tour shared 

discover the beauty of chianti and visit two small wineries in the tuscan countryside.  


   


from 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.      

chianti classico
sunday, monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday and  saturday, all year long      


 check availability pax 
   €  175    
  



customer reviews
read what recent customers have to say about their experience with our wine tours


 why book a wine tour with italy and wine?
fast booking secure booking best rates cancellation policy satisfied travelers
reviews, satisfied travellers ... our growth opportunity














2024-07-05we had an amazing day 
michael guidry
usa
we had an amazing day with our personal tour guide matteo. he was knowledgable and accommodating in all respects. the 2 vineyards that we visited were amazing in their own rights as each had different areas of focus. we also had lunch on a nearby farm which was delightful. a great day and would highwrite to michael








2024-07-01viator’s error was our win! 
keith kindler
usa
viator’s error was our win! we were emailed a cancellation and started to look for other wine tour- lucky for us we found andrea and this spectacular tour of the region, 2 vineyards, a beautiful lunch and a walking tour of montepulciano. we were also fortunate to be the only ones on our tour, write to keith








2024-06-29our private wine and cheese tour was expertly guided by matteo.
morgan stameroff
usa
our private wine and cheese tour was expertly guided by matteo. we thoroughly enjoyed every part of the tour and matteo made the experience much more enjoyable by being able to bridge the language gap and be a wealth of knowledge about the region. this tour enabled us to visit a part of tuscany thatwrite to morgan








2024-06-29we absolutely loved 
julie  cooper
usa
we absolutely loved the san gimignano wine tour with our lovely guide shiva. from the first moment we stepped inside our van, she engaged us with interesting facts of florence, wine country,san gimignano, and the basics of italian wine. we had such a fabulous time and would recommend this tour to anwrite to julie 








2024-06-16definitely right to choose this winery trips 
nathan zhou
hkg
it was our first day in tuscany, and we were definitely right to choose this winery trips with our fantastic guide and skillful driver shiva. all the boutique but historic wineries served us with impressive chianti classico and super tuscans (and the wonderful lunch at montiani). it was a memorable write to nathan













wine tour blog



9
 jun
2024 

4 days tuscan wine toursusually, people ask me where to go for a winery-tasting experience once they come to florence.
suppose you have four days and want to see and, more of all, taste the best wines...
0 comment(s)







22
 dec             2023        

the best 5 star hotels in montalcinomontalcino is a medieval village surrounded by walls and is also the region of the famo... 0 comment(s) 



22
 aug             2020        

albana di romagna - italian white wine albana a white in a red dress.
potent wine of noble taste, easily preserved and medium... 0 comment(s) 



4
 sep             2019        

the bolgheri doc wine celebrates the 25th anniversaryon august 31st,
the bolgheri doc consortium celebrated its first 25 years from birth w... 0 comment(s) 





italy and wine
site map / about us / staff / contact us / work with us / f.a.q. / privacy / cookie policy / policy & conditions


wine tours from florence
tuscany
tuscan wine tours
sangiovese
small group tours
extra virgin olive oil
super tuscan
chianti classico
san miniato
merlot
italian wine vacation packages
truffle
cabernet
pecorino cheese
white wines
nobile di montepulciano
prosecco
san gimignano
vernaccia
wine tours from milan
piedmont wine tours
nebbiolo
montepulciano
montalcino
langhe
chianti rufina
brunello
amarone
extra virgin olive oil tasting
truffle hunting
cheese
valpolicella
bolgheri
barolo
barbaresco

payment





fully licensed and insured italy-based travel agency managed by italy and tour di vittorio del bono venezze. - corso dei tintori 13 - 50122 florence 
p.iva. 05964180482  phone +39.331.8749912
copyright © 2002-2008 www.italyandwine.net all rights reserved.
credits: wws snc web agency
 













cart updated!
check others tours
go to checkout




edit reservation
choose dates and persons














 






