



buy college textbooks| rent textbooks | sell textbooks online


























cartsellback listorder lookupsupport

valorebooks logo


your cartsearchmenucancelsellback listrental returnorder lookuprent textbooksbuy textbookssell textbooksmerchant solutionsreturn rental







the cheapest textbooks
save up to 90% on millions of titles









what's an isbn?

isbn


 the isbn is a 10 or 13 digit number that is unique to a particular title, author, edition, and publisher. it can be found on the back cover of each book.
 













our commitment
 with our dedicated customer support team, you can rest easy knowing that we're doing everything we can to save you time, money, and stress.
 




3 reasons to shop with us:

all textbook rentals come with free return shipping.
buy or rent cheap textbooks & save up to $500 per year!
dedicated customer support and help portal.




buy or rent college textbooks online from valorebooks at the lowest prices on the web - guaranteed!
at valorebooks, we understand how expensive college can be. that's why we give students the option to buy or rent cheap textbooks from over 18,000 verified sellers and rental providers who compete to provide the absolute lowest prices. the average student saves about $500 per year when buying or renting all of their required books from our marketplace. valorebooks also lets you sell text books directly to us at the highest buy back prices online. valorebooks is and always will be dedicated to making your college experience better.





with our dedicated customer support team, you can rest easy knowing that we're doing everything we can to save you time, money, and stress.
 

with our dedicated customer support team, you can rest easy knowing that we're doing everything we can to save you time, money and stress.customer servicesupport centerreturn policiesshipping detailshow to sell textbookssite informationlegal policiessite mapvalore accountsview order statusmarketplace sellersrental providersaffiliatesbrowse bookstop bookstop textbooksrent textbookstextbook rental subjects  © 2005-2025, valorebooks. all rights reserved. designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.











