















exercise science & personal training certification | csep





























































skip to content



 


search for:










logincsep storecsep online learning dashboardfrançaistoggle navigationaboutwho we areboard of directorscsep presidents’ councilcsep annual reportsmembershipmembership overviewacademic, student, postdoctoral fellow & research staff membershipsindustry and allied partner membershipcsep certified fitness centre membershipsupporterrenew your membershipcsep professional development creditscsep member directorycsep fellowscsep code of conductawards & grantscertificationcsep certified personal trainer®csep-cpt scope of practicecsep-cpt prerequisitescsep clinical exercise physiologist™csep-cep scope of practicecsep-cep prerequisitescsep exercise and depression specialization™csep high performance specialization™csep pre & postnatal exercise specialization™csep certification practical skill review and examscsep-cpt candidate eventscsep-cep candidate eventsrecommended course mapsstudy resourceseventscsep webinar seriesannual conference dates & locationsfaqscertification faqsmembership faqsnews & resourcesnewsknowledge translationposition standscsep-pathpre-screening for physical activityphysical activity guidelinescareer hubcontact us
 


loading...




































csep webinar series
exercise science: 
from research to practice 


sign up here















a new evidence-informed credential for canadian strength and conditioning coaches!  


learn more 











the get active questionnaire for pregnancy receives international adoption 


learn more














homemichael foley2024-11-06t16:46:22-05:00 

 


csep storethe csep physical activity training for health (csep-path®) resource manual, study guides and more!

shop now!online learningbrowse the csep online learning library to expand your knowledge with advanced learning modules, certification preparation, high performance prep modules and more! 

learn moreguidelines24-hour movement guidelines provide guidance on the optimal amount of physical activity, sedentary behaviour, and sleep – and the best combination of these behaviours – for canadians of all ages
learn moreget certifiedfor those who want to be active in the field of exercise science and personal training, csep has two certifications. csep certified personal trainers® (csep-cpt) and csep clinical exercise physiologists™ (csep-cep) provide clients with individualized exercise programming that supports lasting lifestyle changes.
csep’s evidence-informed certifications are for individuals who have a post-secondary education in exercise science or related field, and meet a required standard of knowledge. all of the assessments and standards that certified members use are validated in research to best help clients.
choose csep for your certification because:

you want to be part of a community of qualified exercise professionals who recognize the need to improve health outcomes for all canadians

you believe it is important that qualified exercise professionals follow a client-centred evidence-informed process to help clients adapt and maintain a physically active life.

your certified membership will include professional liability insurance designed to support your broad scope of practice.

being csep certified reflects the depth of your knowledge and dedication to your profession.
learn morejoin the gold standard in exercise science and personal trainingbe part of a community of like minded individuals who recognize the need and importance of exercise and health for everyone by joining csep’s over 5000 members. csep members generate outstanding evidence-based research and include the most highly-qualified exercise professionals .
we are the resource for translating advances in exercise science research into the promotion of fitness performance and health outcomes for canadians. for 50 years csep has set itself apart by uniting the research branch and the certification branch.
why you should join the canadian society for exercise physiology:

you are part of cutting-edge research in the field which drives csep’s standards and certifications and sets the association apart

csep certified exercise professionals are the most highly qualified exercise science practitioners in canada. they provide the best and safest care to the public.

you believe it is important that qualified exercise professionals follow a client-centred process to help clients adapt and maintain a physically active life at all ages and want to support this.

opportunity to expand your wealth of knowledge with exciting, evidence-based professionals development opportunities both in-person and online.

enjoy a range of member benefits tailored for csep members.
become a memberprofessional development events

csep 2025wednesday, october 15 - saturday, october 18, 2025 | london, ontario








csep webinar series


						gallery					







csep webinar seriesvarious months 

find a csep memberthe gold standard
in exercise science & personal training.



 
 
contact information
canadian society for
exercise physiology (csep)
c/o house of sport, 2451 riverside drive
ottawa on, k1h 7x7
1-877-651-3755

info@csep.ca
sitemap
about

membership

certification

news

opportunities

opportunities at csep
 

events

publications

find a member

make a complaint 
csep global sites
csep store

online learning

csep 2024 conference

csep guidelines
© copyright  canadian society for exercise physiology   |   privacy policy   |   all rights reserved   |   built by elearnza






close sliding bar area



search 


search for:










 

  
 

 






 
 
page load link





















go to top





