







southeastern school of auctioneering • southeastern school of auctioneering •
















































              home
            



              about
            


gallery



                  graduates
                



                  gallery
                





                contact
              









southeastern school of auctioneering





              home
            



              about
            


gallery



                  graduates
                



                  gallery
                





                contact
              

























    auctioneer pre-licensing sessions - 2025
  




     ce seminar dates - 2025 - click here 
  













congratulations to our 23 november auction school graduates! these passionate individuals are ready to lead in the auction profession in a variety of auction fields!



last row left to right: justin gray: sc, stewart lord: ga, larry meares: owner, sc, austin graham: sc, tyler miedema: va, shawn zrowka: ny, james cole: ga, amit verma: ga, paul jackson: ga.  second row left to right: brian mejia: ga, freddie giddens: ga, matthew brenckle: ga, darrell russell: sc, josh pegg: sc, bryant briggs: sc, branson willingham: ga, raborn taylor: ga, front row left to right: melody craven: sc, renae russell: sc, amanda evans: sc, emily dean: va, tammy labarbera: sc, roseann russo: sc, tina asbury: nc 













“welcome to the southeastern school of auctioneering, proudly celebrating 42 years of excellence in auction education! located in beautiful greenville, sc, our institution has been a trusted leader in training aspiring auctioneers for four decades. our comprehensive 85-hour course is designed to equip you with the skills and knowledge needed to thrive in the dynamic world of auctions, whether you're interested in launching an online venture or participating in live auctions of various types. join us on this exciting journey as we prepare you for a successful career in the auction industry. explore our website to learn more about our rich history and the opportunities that await you!"larry j. meares, president, ssa



check your state for information concerning auction lisence…











 


    state information
  



what is an auctioneer?when personal property, real estate, farm equipment, collectibles, jewelry, etc. are sold to the public whether online or in-person to the highest bidder, they are most often managed by a person called an auctioneer.  many auctioneers choose various areas of the industry to specialize in.  auctioneers are also used in fundraising and benefit auctions in their community.  auctioneering is becoming a much-used career today.













bid calling is one of the oldest forms of selling an item to the general public for the highest offer.  even though auctions today have begun using the internet for auctioning items,  there is still the importance of learning this lifelong skill.  most states see bid calling as a very important part of being an auctioneer and require it as one of the courses in auction schools. 

david j meares - ssa bid calling instructor - contract auctioneer

many students come to ssa with calling bids not of great importance to them, but most graduate with a new appreciation of the art of bid calling and come to realize how they can use it in their community.the video on the left is ssa’s bid calling instructor, david meares… in this particular auction, he is auctioning heavy equipment.  you will realize in the school session there are various types of bid calling used for various types of auctions…not all bid calling would be done quite that fast!david will be the first to tell you…“it is not important how fast you go, but rather if the bidders in your auction can understand your numbers.”  david is celebrating his 44th year as a licensed auctioneer!



“the southeastern school of auctioneering was the best investment i've ever made.” 





view fullsize







erin kienzlebenefit auctioneer/ tv host / video coach





“i had no idea i wanted to be an auctioneer, or that auction school even existed. i've been in television for 20 years, but when my co-host became a professional benefit auctioneer, raising millions for local non-profits, i suddenly found a passion and purpose... and knew i wanted to make it my business.auction school not only gave me the training and confidence i needed, but it introduced me to a group of friends that i still keep in touch with and love following their auction careers.if you're undecided if this is right for you... just trust the process, and do it!”read comments from other past graduates!




    ce seminars
  













ssa conducts ce seminars multiple times annually, emphasizing the importance of staying abreast of evolving techniques and regulations. to cater to diverse needs and licensing mandates, the southeastern school of auctioneering hosts classes throughout south carolina, available via zoom or live seminars.











for more information







* indicates required

email address  *




email interest 
meares properties
continuing education classes
southeastern school of auctioneering





 







 


















southeastern school of auctioneering309 eastview roadpelzer, sc, 29669 ssauctioneering@gmail.com                                                                                     864-617-5371






back to top



continuing ed



continuing ed




continuing ed online registration





information



school information - dates




auctioneering school registration




state licensure information




auction supplies




cancellation and refunds




from past graduates




hotels in the area




course fees




course class




why choose ssa?






southeastern school of auctioneering, 315 eastview road, pelzer, sc, 29669, united states864.903.3160ssauctioneering@gmail.com








