




  






home - washington county chamber of commerce - fl, fl
















 


















































































pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events






































home









contact


































































 toggle navigation   





home
member directory

the chamber

about us
foundation
lead washington
board of directors
ambassadors committee
chamber membership
join today
contact us
map



economic development

economic development council
key incentives
state legislators



communities

caryville
chipley
ebro
green head
new hope
sunny hills
vernon
wausau



our county

county information
history
recreation
lifestyle & faith
area church info
education
heath dept. services
utilities & taxes
links


events
member login
member survey 2024
blues & brews 2024
2025 annual banquet
store 























photo courtesy of  off my frame photography 



























welcome 



we're so glad you’re visiting our page! 
at the washington county chamber of commerce, we are more than just a network of businesses—we are a family committed to fostering growth, building connections, and creating opportunities that benefit our entire community.
washington county is a place where tradition meets progress, and together, we are working hard to ensure our region thrives while honoring its rich history. whether you’re a long-time resident, a new business owner, or just exploring what makes washington county special, we invite you to join us as we continue to grow and evolve.
explore our site to learn more about the exciting initiatives, events, and resources we offer. we’re here to support you every step of the way.
welcome to washington county—where you belong, and where together, we build a brighter future!
 

















ribbon cuttings & grand openings
photographed and featured in the washington county business advocate, chamber website and local newspapers free of charge.

membership plaque
for display in your place of business.

public meeting room and board room
members have free use of the chambers meeting rooms on a first come first serve basis.

third thursday monthly membership meeting. informative programs, member highlight powerpoint presentation and a great meal. sponsorship opportunities available to showcase your business.

brochure & business card rack
in the chamber lobby available for our business members to distribute promotional materials.

access to available publications such as:
the florida employment law manual, employment discrimination, directory of florida industries, florida statistical abstract and compensation data

full time professional chamber staff working for you and the community.

effective strategic business planning
with implementation committees in place and working.

annual membership banquet. fine menu, great entertainment, silent auction, music, networking, and sponsorship opportunities.

business referrals. we refer our business members to visitors and new businesses and residents. one referral could pay for your annual chamber dues!

legislative advocacy at the federal, state, county, and city levels.




advertising opportunities in visitors guide, membership directories & website, with free text listing. also, recognition on third thursday member meeting powerpoint.

chamber website www.washcomall.com
			a great source of information about washington county. demographics, business member directory, photos, monthly calendar of events, ribbon cutting highlights, articles on our county, member listings, links to local and state government sites, county websites of interest, local media, web search engine.

social media. the chamber hosts an active social media platform with thousands of followers. members may post on our page (per guidelines) information of interest to other members or the community.

county maps with opportunities to advertise your business.

chamber produced publications & periodicals: county map, wc business advocate newsletter published bi-monthly, visitors guide & business directory.

business building opportunities. many federal and state incentive programs are available through the chambers economic development council such as chipley redevelopment agency grants & loans.

networking opportunities. chamber events such as annual banquet, monthly member meetings, annual open house, ribbon cuttings, and special activities events.

community leadership opportunities. lead washington county is a comprehensive educational program sponsored by the washington county chamber of commerce foundation. watch for future notices on class start dates.




 



















chamber foundation




the washington county chamber foundation is a 501c3 corporation whose sole purpose is the development of the community and its businesses.
 















chamber ambassadors program



interested in helping to promote growth and development in washington county while having fun at the same time? join the chamber ambassador program!
learn more about the ambassador program















lead washington county




lead washington county is a nine-month leadership development program which begins in the fall.  lead washington county will provide a diverse group of emerging and existing leaders with opportunities to enhance their community knowledge, civic engagement, and leadership skills so they may affect positive change in washington county.  
we are currently looking to build our next lead class.  contact the chamber office for more information.





















business directory




use our business directory to locate or learn more about local businesses and members of our community.
















                        upcoming events




 

















              chipley redevelopment agency




on december 31, 1985, the chipley city council made the determination that a portion of downtown chipley was an area suitable for redevelopment due to slum or blighted areas and that there was a need for rehabilitation, conservation, or redevelopment of this blighted area. at this time, the city council defined the community redevelopment area and developed the community redevelopment agency board to carry out the community redevelopment purposes.
learn more about cra
cra grant documents:
 
cra residential grant
complete commercial grant

































































the washington county chamber of commerce is a proud member of:
                      
 




























































quicklinks

















weather







map







links







events























contact info












washington county chamber of commerce - fl

 p.o. box 457, chipley, fl 32428

 850. 638.4157

 info@washcomall.com
















































































© copyright 2025 washington county chamber of commerce - fl. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.












 


