




homepage | cranial technologies



cranial technologies | infant head shape correction with the doc band®

















































 
















cranial technologies
toggle menu



find a clinic


plagiocephaly


you're not alone
learn more about plagiocephaly and understanding your baby's head shape.
learn more





what is plagiocephaly?





what is helmet therapy?





torticollis & plagiocephaly





at-home assessment





tummy time






treatment


treatment & prevention
learn more about plagiocephaly treatment with the doc band® along with tips on preventing flat spots.
learn more





early detection





your first appointment





our treatment process





doc band® treatment





before and after






parents


for parents
at cranial technologies, we strive to provide the highest quality treatment, experience, and outcomes for every family that entrusts us with their care. with our dedication to excellence and commitment to your family's well-being, you can rest assured that you are in good bands.
learn more





insurance process





payment plans





faq





doc band babies® calendar





decorating your doc band®





plagiocephaly education





share your story





blog






providers


providers
contact a clinical sales representative to discover our extensive resources for providing exceptional care for patients with plagiocephaly.
learn more





request a clinical representative






schedule no-cost evaluation






weather closures click here








concerned about your baby's head shape?

we offer no cost evaluations at over 100 clinic locations nationwide. it's fast, convenient, and comes at no cost to you.
schedule no-cost evaluation







we're dedicated to reshaping children's lives®













is my baby's headshape normal?
discover the 5 simple steps every parent should know to assess for signs of flat head syndrome. don't wait--early detection is key! click below to learn more or schedule a no-cost evaluation.

at-home assessment








cranial technologies locations
we're proud to offer 100+ clinics nationwide so that any of our families can access treatment, and always feel close to home.


find a clinic








treatment with the doc band®
no two cases of flat head syndrome are alike. that's why each doc band we make is custom-designed to your baby's unique head shape, promoting optimal treatment time and outcomes.

the doc band®










it's estimated that nearly 1 in 2 babies have some degree of plagiocephaly. the good news, it's treatable.





leaders in plagiocephaly treatment and research for over 35 years





leaders in plagiocephaly treatment and research for over 35 years
learn more about our history dedicating decades of research and development into providing the leading solution for plagiocephaly treatment.

our story



support from one family to another





support from one family to another
often times the best support system is from those going through the same experiences. our online doc band® parent community is a great resource for advice from parents who are going, or have gone through the treatment process with their little ones.

resources for parents





a simple, safe, and effective treatment process
schedule no-cost evaluation






1. initial head shape evaluation appointment





1. initial head shape evaluation appointment
during your no cost evaluation, our highly-trained clinicians will assess your baby's head shape and provide families with a recommendation regarding treatment.











2. precision imaging appointment





2. precision imaging appointment
if you decide to move forward with treatment, we'll use digital surface imaging®to capture a precise image of your baby's head. this helps create a custom band for optimal correction.











3. custom doc band fitting





3. custom doc band fitting
1-2 weeks after the imaging appointment, your baby’s doc band will be ready for fitting! we’ll carefully check the fit, and if needed, further customize the band at the appointment.












stories of round heads and happy hearts




"the staff at cranial tech in phoenix and mesa were always super friendly and helpful. highly recommend the doc band® and cranial technologies if your child has a head deformity."


andrea, parent




"best decision we could have made. the results were amazing and we couldn’t be happier...thank you for everything."


lauren, parent




"as a mom, i saw an irregularity with the shape of my child’s head when many said he would outgrow it. i pushed and succeeded….the results amazing!"


karen, parent




"they are amazing! honest and up front about everything in the process. got us booked quickly if we needed to come in for something and my sons head looks great."


ashleah, parent




andrea, parent
lauren, parent
karen, parent
ashleah, parent








know before you go














how insurance works
is doc band® treatment covered by insurance? all of your questions answered here.
navigating insurance →








a customized solution
learn more about the doc band® and how its design helps to reshape your baby's head.
doc band® treatment →








what to expect
what to expect during the no cost head shape evaluation.
your first visit →











1-844-447-5894


company

reschedule my consultation
request a rep visit
about us
careers
bill pay
translation services
contact us
blog



social

instagram
facebook
linkedin
twitter
youtube



© all rights reserved. 2025 cranial technologies
privacy policy regulatory terms of service intellectual property








