



















everest academy






















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






everest academy



the alabama homeschooling website was created to keep alabama homeschoolers "in the know".  there is so much homeschooling information out there, it can be a little overwhelming and sometimes a little hard to find.  the alabama homeschooling  website is our attempt to make this part of homeschooling a little easier.  the alabama homeschooling website is the official website of everest academy but offers information free to all alabama homeschoolers.







everest academy



enrollment


events


new to homeschooling


contact us





welcome to









all rights reserved by everest academy




everest academy is a ministry of everest family church in hayden.
we offer freedom along with quality resources, information, activities and support to those homeschooling in alabama.  we believe that the parent has the best interests of their children at heart. we believe that the parent is the first and only teacher that a child needs. in keeping with this philosophy, we wish to be a very hands-off church "cover" school and allow the parent to lead and guide their children in the direction and at the pace they feel is best suited to their children. we ask only for what the law requires while offering support along with quality resources to aid families in their efforts.
 


















this website was created to keep alabama homeschoolers "in the know". there is so much homeschooling info out there, it can be a little overwhelming and sometimes a little hard to find. the alabama homeschooling website is our attempt to make this part of homeschooling a little easier. the alabama homeschooling website is sponsored and maintained by everest academy but offers information free to all alabama homeschoolers.






























everest academy serves alabama state wide and offers freedom & support to all alabama homeschoolers.






before contacting everest academy, please read me first for answers to the most frequently asked questions...  still have questions? please contact us at everestacademy1@gmail.com




most recent posts:


powered by blogger gadgets
related posts with thumbnails for bloggerblogger gadgets
































older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






search everest academy




















everest academy paypal





everest academy information


about everest academy
everest academy handbook
everest academy high school handbook
enrollment
reenrollment
withdrawal/dismissal
requesting transcripts
attendance/grading reporting
everest family spotlight




high school information


high school handbook
getting started homeschooling a high schooler
diploma requirement checklist
awarding high school credits
transcripts
act & sat testing
college entrance
scholarships & financial aid
career exploration
national honor societies
worker's permit
driver's permit & license
driver's education
selective services system




general homeschool information


alabama state law
sports
homeschooling advice
getting started homeschooling
how to award grades
what about socialization?
how long should you homeschool each day?
grade level info
homeschooling methods




homeschooling curriculum resources


thoughts on curriculum
online curriculum resources
homeschooling curriculum stores
homeschooling curriculum catalogs
standardized testing




visit our pinterest for free curriculum ideas!!!

visit everest academy's profile on pinterest.



homeschool support


homeschooling statistics
20 great reasons to homeschool
noteworthy homeschoolers
special needs homeschooling




total pageviews










 










