









feng shui consultant | feng shui that works | alan stirling















































































































skip to content






 feng shui that
				    reallyworks
				


home
about

feng shui consultant
about feng shui
feng shui reviews
feng shui news


feng shui services

fee feng shui test
learn feng shui mastery
learn feng shui at home
feng shui services – chinese astrology
four pillars of destiny astrology
zi wei dou shu astrology
i ching divination
advance i ching
nine star ki astrology


book a consultation

home feng shui consultations
feng shui business consultations
feng shui online consulations







search for:




search








 




















feng shui consultation walkthrough! what to expect from a consultation with master alan 
the feng shui consultant's consultant
- outstanding results since 1986read more 


























								name							




								email address							




								phone							




								interested in							





contact alan

















about alan 






read more










 
accredited fellow and feng shui master recommended feng shui master consultant / teacher recommended by the feng shui institute.



 
accredited consultant - feng shui society



 
feng shui master consultant, author and teacher, alan stirling is the consultant that other feng shui professionals call on for their own home consultation and professional advice.



 
former regional chairman - feng shui society - uk.



 
executive director, feng shui institute.



 
a feng shui consultant / teacher recommended by "feng shui for modern living".



 
regularly seen and heard in the press, tv and radio, including channel 4, sky tv, bbc world service for chinese new year predictions, daily telegraph property pages and the times.




 
five star google reviews







alan stirling(chairman and founder) 







 



 






latest comment  "hi alan  thank you so
much for the enlightening consultation yesterday. i felt very empowered
afterwards". annabel 











 




















feng shui consultation & chinese astrology 








 




feng shui consultation 



our feng shui consultation advice is simple, subtle, easy to implement, and delivers outstanding results. create a perfect nurturing atmosphere to improve health, wealth, love, happiness and success in your home or office. recent consultations:  uk, europe, kuala lumpur, bali, middle east, hong kong, s africa, myanmar, thailand, cambodia, laos and usa.also online consultations from £250.00 






more consultation details












 




learn feng shui 



alan stirling is one of the world’s top feng shui masters, who has for over 25 years, consistently produced outstanding results for his clients, both domestic and commercial. he teaches professional traditional chinese feng shui and chinese astrology techniques at his international feng shui school of excellence in person or via distance learning. he is author of the seven steps to feng shui mastery. 






7 steps to feng shui mastery












 




chinese astrology readings 



one of the most accurate forms of astrology in the world, chinese astrology is used in a similar way to traditional chinese medicine and acupuncture; to determine a client’s energy in terms of the five elements. simple, subtle feng shui cures are placed in the home or office to reduce stress, increase success and empower you to reach your full potential. 






chinese astrology choices























feng shui news 



























				2024 the start of a golden era, refinement, new beginnings, and light at the end of the tunnel?			



			mar 18, 2024		


in terms of chinese astrology and feng shui 2024 means the end of the previous era of isolation, confrontations, conflicts, and demonstrations, and perhaps a


			read more		









				introducing the world’s first indoor flow form feng shui water feature			



			mar 11, 2024		


when feng shui master alan stirling came across the flow form concept he could immediately see the benefits to feng shui and wellness in general.


			read more		









				feng shui taster days, courses & professional training programmes			



			nov 16, 2023		


the feng shui school of excellence: feng shui courses and training taught by feng shui master consultant alan stirling, a master practitioner of feng shui


			read more		


























feng shui services 









feng shui home


feng shui home consultaionsby personal visit or private video conference.read more



 









feng shui office


feng shui business and office consultationsservices range from sole trader to international corporate hq's.read more



 









feng shui online


feng shui online online consultations available with free hd recording. read more



 













property development 


property development servicesranges from location, inspection, site office superpositioning, date selection, to all aspects of form and functionality. read more



 









form and functionalityfrom cpd to design team


form and functionalityexpert advice from the proper form to enhance functionality, to super positioning structures in their environment. available as part of design team or cpd.read more



 









chinese astrologysuper positioning for people


four pillars, to zwds, i ching and 9skexpert advice on "superpositioning" - being in the right place at the right time to find success and satisfaction in your life.read more



 









 
home 


 
about alan 


 
consultation 


 
news 


 
services 


 
testimonials 


 
contact 



 



























feng shui consultation walkthrough 



what to expect from a consultation. 




 








feng shui consultation reviews 





alan is the real deal. i am still amazed at how accurate his analysis is and how effective his solutions are. thoroughly recommended.



charlotte, uk




everything that alan said in our session was accurate, about everyone in our house! it was astounding! i will definitely work with alan again in my new properties! thank you so much for your guidance! highly recommended!



emma, uk




“simply the best, absolutely outstanding and this does work. i have been using alan as my feng shui consultant for over 20 years and i cannot recommend him enough.”



julie, uk
























feel free to ask something
we are here 



















contact us
 













 




							feng shui that works						


						38 bekesbourne lane, littlebourne, kent, ct3 1uy, united kingdom					









 




							email: alan888@btinternet.com						


						tel. office +44 (0)1227 722869 
tel. mobile +44 (0)7725 699278 









 




							monday-friday 10:00am - 5:00pm 


						saturday and sunday closed					
















facebook-f
 



twitter
 



linkedin-in
 



instagram
 




































feng shui consultationhome3
about alan feng shui consultant
client testimonials
feng shui consultation enquiry form
feng shui consultation fees
feng shui consultation faq’s
free feng shuifeng shui tips
feng shui home advice
feng shui colours
flying star consultation
feng shui socialcontact us
linkedin
twitter
facebook
instagram
 



feng shui tips
feng shui home advice
feng shui colours
flying star consultation
e-mail:info@fengshuithatworks.co.ukphone:+44 (0)1227 722869 or +44 (0)7725 699278copyright©1998 - 2025 feng shui that works. all rights reserved.
*terms and conditions





sign up








			facebook
		

			google
		

			twitter
		




or enter your registration credentialsalready have an account?log insign up
login








			facebook
		

			google
		

			twitter
		




or use your login datadon't have an account? click here tosign upremember melog in
    

































































