



















york county, va | official website









 















skip to main content




















weather alert


	inclement weather updates
	see updates to county operations here..










 












search







 
 
 


    board of supervisors      government      residents      business      things to do      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 

 





 



















































































  
 
 







 














citizen news










 
 
 







 














customer satisfaction survey










 
 
 





























   





 
 
 









 














what's happening


stay up to date with york county
 






  
 
 















we want to hear from you! 


citizen input is an integral part of the budget process. hear a message from county administrator, mark bellamy, view budget meeting dates, and take a few minutes to complete a budget comment/question form.			find out more here...







inclement weather updates 


stay up to date on all york county closures and service updates due to the winter storm!			see updates... 







get a taste of york county during its second annual restaurant week, february 24 to march 2 


patrons will be able to enjoy a variety of lunch and dinner specials at over 20 popular restaurants throughout the county.			see the list of participants here...







celebrating black history month 


tune in all february to wycg-tv (cox 46/hd 86, verizon 38) featuring special programming airing daily about the extraordinary contributions african americans have made.						watch livestream video here...







york county releases its inaugural popular annual financial report (pafr) for fiscal year 2024 


this report is designed to provide residents with a clear and accessible overview of the county’s financial position and key economic and demographic highlights.			additional info...







culture day at the senior center - february 26 


join us at at 11:30 a.m. for nathan m. richardson portrayal of fredrick douglass. hear about douglass's tremendous legacy, personal perspectives, and his many associations including the 19th century presidents.			watch a video here...







join in the "take 3" initiative to help save a life 


fire & life safety is offering several hands-on cpr classes the community, free of charge. this initiative teaches that a life can be saved by doing three important things: call 911, perform cpr compressions, and retrieve and use an aed.			find out more and sign up for a class today...







yorktown admirals game set for february 22 


the norfolk admirals will transform into the yorktown admirals at scope arena in norfolk with a full team rebrand featuring in-arena assets and uniforms that reflect yorktown pride.						find out more and get your tickets today...







see what's happening at the senior center in february 


all activities are free unless otherwise noted.  for ages 55 and up.			view the calendar here...







parkway construction update 


on january 29 the segment of the parkway from penniman rd to the williamsburg circle will be closed so that construction can continue safely and efficiently.			details are available here...







finance transparency portal 


york county's interactive budget reporting tool allowing citizens to access financial data online			access the tool here...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 














real estateassessment








parks & recreation










 
 














treasurer








developmentdashboard










 
 














online payments








economicdevelopment










 
 
 



 














stay informed


see what’s happening in the county
 






  
 
 














citizen comments & appreciationsview the latest kudos we receive about our county employees










 
 






county resources & reports







citizen news quarterly - winter 2024



fy2026 budget dates and information



financial transparency portal



covid and flu resources



charting the course to 2040 comp plan



development dashboard





view all links




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 





yorkcam at riverwalk landing      "live"



 
 


  
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







york county, virginia


224 ballard street


p.o. box 532


yorktown, va 23690


email
 






  
 







stay connected







sign in








facebook








instagram








youtube








citizen news








notify me®










 
 







quick links







customer satisfaction survey



freedom of information act (foia) requests



subscribe to notifications



county employee login



additional employee services









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







site links







home



ada accessibility



copyright notices



site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 



 














home








visityorktown








publiclibrary








careers








flashvote










 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









