












san diego punk - punk rock!








































































san diego punk
shows
features

contests
high five
interviews
news
pit rant
premier
reviews
throwback


bands
get connected

friends
record labels
record stores
venues


 


     









 



















review
review! the rough – “clean cut ep”


back in the 1980’s, the hj heinz company ran a popular marketing campaign that centered on the slogan, “the best things come to those who wait”.  any person who has lived long…



			
						january 21, 2020						
						
		









news
music video! midnight track – “forever on vacation”


check out the new music video from san diego’s midnight track from the album “alienation“. read the san diego punk review for “alienation“.…



			
						september 17, 2019						
						
		









news
review! corporate citizen – “a brief moment of sanity”


back in april, local san diego punk band corporate citizen put out their self-produced debut album titled a brief moment in sanity. the oddly luring cover art consists of four squares, each…



			
						september 13, 2019						
						
		









news
music video! the dodges – “equilibrium”


check out the new music video from san diego’s the dodges. san diego rockers the dodges video of the song “equilibrium” from the album “this one’s on you ep” streaming now! directed…



			
						september 3, 2019						
						
		









news
music video! ready set survive – “young and dumb”


check out the new music video from san diego’s ready set survive. music video by mario j rivera.…



			
						august 5, 2019						
						
		









news
western settings new album – “agnus”


san diego’s western settings released their new album “agnus” on a-f records. check it out! “western settings is punk rock band from san diego, ca. ricky schmidt (bass/vocals), will castro (guitar), dylan…



			
						june 18, 2019						
						
		









news
fishing for chips new album – “we’re going to need a bigger album”


san diego’s fishing for chips released their new album “we’re going to need a bigger album“. check it out! “fishing for chips is your fresh breathe of pop punk; bringing a unique…



			
						june 4, 2019						
						
		









news
9 volt murder new album – “abandon ship”


san diego’s 9 volt murder released their new album “abandon ship“. check it out! ” 9 volt murder is a four-piece, american punk rock band from san diego, california. with influences from…



			
						june 3, 2019						
						
		









news
music video! above borders – “eight to the chest”


check out the new music video from san diego’s above borders. “eight to the chest is a song written from a story of tragedy, grief and fear. a true story of a…



			
						may 28, 2019						
						
		





older posts 












 facebook  twitter  instagram  tumblr  youtube  vimeo




© 2015 - 2019 sandiegopunk.com
back to top 



 





















