


the institute for advanced technology in the humanities



















university of virginia library























































about

what we do
mission
sponsors



projects

all projects
community projects



news

current news
archive



people

staff
fellows
hidh



fellowships

guidelines
application
resident fellows
visiting fellows














































































american indian land loss

mcmillen, christian - professor of history
resident fellowship: 2023-2024
american indian land loss lies at the heart of us history. the legal and illegal transfer of indian land to non-indians is the foundation of american economic development and the basis for american indian economic underdevelopment. over the course of the twentieth century, after tribal land loss had largely run its course, millions of individual indian land holdings disappeared as well, one sale at a time. why and how was so much individual indian land, supposedly held in trust for american indians, sold to non-indians? how much land was lost? how did indian people respond? using a variety of sources—legal records, government documents, land sale data, and other sources—this project will build a geo-located, nationwide database of individual indian land sales.



layered memories

parham, angel adams - associate professor of sociology
fellow: 2022-2023 
the "layered memories" project unpeels social and cultural layers of places that either have well-known controversial histories, or ambivalent histories that have been covered over or simplified.  such work is timely, in that protests over monuments, statues, and other historic sites are calls for us to reckon honestly with historical issues that we have never fully come to terms with.  our ability to move forward as a national community in the u.s. requires that we find ways to make excellent and nuanced historical research intelligible and accessible to public audiences.



virginia emigrants to liberia

ailes, jane - independent scholar
lee, deborah - independent scholar

between 1820-65, the american colonialization society sponsored the migration of almost 13,000 african americans to the new colony of liberia, maintaining careful records of the emigrants, the letters sent back to family and communities from their difficult and dangerous new home, and the people who enabled, supported, and coerced both free and enslaved to make the long transatlantic journey. this project is building a comprehensive dataset of 3,650 virginia emigrants in this period, based on documents, ship records, and letters, which will explore the complex relationships and motivations behind this remarkable effort.



suzhou urban cultural landscapes guide

sewell, jessica e. - associate professor urban and environmental planning
fellow: 2020-2022
suzhou, a city of about 12 million located approximately 100 km west of shanghai in the yangtze delta, brings together the very old and the very new. it was founded c. 514 bce as a walled, gridded city, surrounded by a wide canal, and has been a major center of trade and culture since the tenth century. the suzhou urban cultural landscapes guide will explore the spaces and buildings of suzhou in their cultural and historical context. moving between traditional and modern spaces, users will see the persistence of daily practices and the continuities as well as the differences between the ancient and the hypermodern cultural landscapes of suzhou.



mapping poetic geographies of revolutionary russia, 1914-1922

clowes, edith w. - brown-forman professor, department of slavic languages and literatures
fellow: 2019-2021
"mapping poetic geographies of revolutionary russia" investigates the connection between identity and place in literature written during world war i (1914-1918) and the russian civil war (1918-1922). the goal of this project is to build an interactive database of over 500 period literary works by 70 russian authors, as well as provide a series of maps by year, showing the breadth of writing and publishing activity across russia. the website, available in english and russian, will allow readers to enter writers' worlds of emotional engagement with the idea of homeland in a turbulent time when the tsarist russian state was crumbling and a new order was not yet invented.



experiencing embodied cultural practices through motion capture and immersive media: a hybrid research/practice collaboration across disciplines

dahl, luke - associate professor of music
kasra, mona - assistant professor of drama
fellow: 2018-2020
this project explores how new recording technologies such as immersive video, spatial audio, and motion capture can be used to document, preserve, and transmit embodied cultural practices of aboriginal communities in the northern territory regions of australia. working closely with the community, kasra and dahl are capturing communities’ ceremonial dances and music to help archive and preserve their cultural heritage. by recording multi-modal data, producing educational material, and creating interactive immersive experiences, this work will also lead to the development of new frameworks for new media art practices and humanities scholarship.



life of the buddha

quintman, andrew - associate professor
schaeffer, kurtis - frances myers ball professor
project director
the life of the buddha project is the first full-scale study of murals at the tibetan buddhist monastery of jonang and an extended narrative of the buddha's life story, sun of faith (dad pa'i nyin bye). the murals date from the first decades of the 17th century and are among only a handful of fully preserved narrative paintings in central tibet. the project is the largest study to date on visual and textual buddha narratives in tibet, and the first complete visual documentation of these murals.



the architecture of the negro travelers' green book

bruder, anne - architectural historian, baltimore, maryland
hellman, susan - architectural historian, alexandria, virginia
zipf, catherine w. - architectural historian, bristol, rhode island
independent scholars
the architecture of the negro travelers' green book is a public architectural history project that studies the sites listed in the green book to discover their history and support their preservation. this project reveals the overlooked history of mid-twentieth century african americans and the unsung people who formed the backbone of the african-american tourist industry: the women who ran tourist homes, the men who opened motels to take advantage of increasing automobile traffic, and the business owners who offered beauty, entertainment, and style to middle class african americans. seeking to document every site listed in the green book, this public database allows users to explore this history and its associated sites by year, state, establishment type, and owner.



the independent works of william tyndale

felch, susan - professor of english
rankin, mark - associate professor of english
externally funded project
best known as the translator of the first new testament to be printed in english, william tyndale played a formative role in shaping the english language, bending it toward a rigorous and colloquial style that survives to the present time. scholars are hampered by a lack of ready access to his books, and these badly needed critical editions will provide scholars with the tools to reassess tyndale's importance, and to read him within the context of late medieval ecclesiastical and civic reforms, augustinian vernacular preaching, lutheran theology, henrician politics, erasmian humanism, sixteenth-century pedagogy, and more.



cities without work: the long road from boom to bust

moomaw, suzanne - associate professor of urban and environmental planning
fellow: 2017-2019
cities without work: the long road from boom to bust is the collective narrative of the seventeen american cities with the highest rates of unemployment in 1960. the shared narrative of the study reflects the confluence of forces--technology, social, environmental, political--that precipitated the decline of labor-intensive sectors and bolstered or thwarted revitalization efforts in these cities.



salmon pueblo archaeological research collection

heitman, carrie c. - associate professor anthropology, university of nebraska, lincoln
reed, paul f. - archaeology southwest
externally funded project
sparc is a collaboration dedicated to the preservation and online publication of legacy cultural heritage data from the salmon pueblo excavations repository. salmon was a the site of a large pueblo and cultural center built around 1090 ce, the first major colony established by the chacoan people. it was occupied until about 1280 ce, after which fires destroyed much of the site. extensive excavations between 1970-1980 produced more than 1.5 million artifacts, specimens, and samples, which are held at the salmon ruins museum in bloomington, nm and are inventoried and made internet-accessible by sparc.



inhabiting byzantine athens

kondyli, foteini - assistant professor, byzantine art & archaeology
fellow: 2016-2018
inhabiting byzantine athens is an archaeological project that seeks to reconstruct the topography and spatial layout of byzantine and frankish athens (4th-15th c ad), by identifying and tracing architectural and functional changes in the city over a period of several centuries. it also seeks to better understand contemporary living conditions, daily experiences, and socio-economic activities in the city through the study of archaeological remains and artifacts.



digital sepoltuario: memorial culture in renaissance florence

leader, anne - visiting scholar
externally funded project
an illustrated digital catalogue of tombs, altars, chapels, and other memorials in florentine churches from ca. 1240 to 1785.



jefferson's university - early life project, 1819-1870

mcinnis, maurie - professor of art history
von daacke, kirt - associate professor of history
collaborative iath project
juel is a study of what life was like in the first 50 years of the university of virginia, from its founding through end of the civil war. jefferson’s vision of a secular university, dedicated to enriching public life and sustaining the new republic, was both embodied in and transformed by the people who lived, worked, and studied at the university. this project will bring together a trove of personal and administrative documents, as well as images of the university, to examine the day-to-day life of students, faculty, workers, and townspeople and their architectural and social environment.



archaeology of legal definitions of speech

petersen, jennifer - associate professor
fellow: 2015-2017
the archaeology of legal definitions of speech uses natural language processing to chart changes in the legal definition of speech and to place this language in its cultural and technological contexts. drawing on a large corpus of supreme court decisions dealing with the first amendment, the archaeology identifies the terminology associated with speech in different historical periods, highlighting discontinuities in the way the law defines and delimits speech and drawing attention to the specific meanings of the concept in the past.



voting viva voce: unlocking the social logic of past politics

debats, donald a. - professor of american studies flinders university, adelaide, australia
rainville, lynn - digital humanist, historian, & anthropologist
project director
the mid-19th century is often viewed as the high point of american political engagement. yet our understanding of that period has been incomplete, and conventional scholarship has been unable to fully interpret the influences operating or citizen participation in politics because the firm evidentiary base of individual-level political information was missing. 'unlocking the social logic of past politics' is the first-ever study of cities using this data, by studying two intriguingly different nineteenth century american cities -alexandria, virginia and newport, kentucky- where all votes it all elections were cast by voice (viva voce). poll books provide an official written record of the spoken declaration of every voter. using those poll books along with censuses and other individual information (tax records, city directories, religious and organizational memberships) the project will reveal the networks and neighborhoods that under-pinned residents social and political lives. 



early mormon marriages

flake, kathleen - richard lyman bushman professor in mormon studies
resident fellowship: 2014-2016
an analysis of early mormonism's construction of extended kinship ties through temple marriage and adoption practices by means of computational techniques. the goal of the project is to represent digitally the inner logic of early mormon polygamy, its familial order and gendered meanings.



a worldview in words: lexical categories of the mopan maya

danziger, eve - associate professor of linguistic anthropology
resident fellowship: 2013-2014 
the lexical categories of the mopan maya encompasses a multimedia archive of mopan maya texts. mopan is the only surviving member of its branch of the yucatan subfamily, one of two mayan subfamilies associated with classic maya of antiquity. prof. danziger's collection of recordings will vastly expand and diversity the available corpus of mopan language material and allow her to examine how the language fits into or challenges current linguistic theory.



digital yoknapatawpha

railton, stephen - professor of english
associate fellow
the project centers on william faulkner's 15 novels and 48 stories, written between 1926 and 1960 and set in the mythical mississippi county of yoknapatawpha. the prototype models a way to enter every character, location and event from the individual texts into a robust database and then to map that data into an atlas of interactive visual resources, so that users can better understand and study the acts of narrative re-creation faulkner undertook, according to the demands of a particular story. the project ultimately aims to link the entire body of yoknapatawpha fictions together and dynamically generate new, cumulative maps. these will enable scholars or students to study, for example, all black inhabitants and the roles they play in his texts, or faulkner's representations of violence, or religion, or family.



soundscape architecture

van lengen, karen - william r. kenan, jr. professor of architecture
fellow 2012
this project focuses on the aural character of buildings through web-based demonstrations and analysis of the visual, auditory, and material aspects of architectural space. sonic aspects of buildings, whether intentional or not, change the experience of being in a space, adding richness and depth, affecting orientation, or creating spots of isolation and silence.



chaco research archive: building an international resource

plog, stephen - commonwealth professor of anthropology 
mellon foundation: 2003-2011
the goal of the chaco archive is to electronically integrate the widely dispersed information on chacoan history in order to allow scholars to more effectively and efficiently address the many unresolved issues regarding culture change and organization in the canyon and in the broader region. these issues have broader implications as well since they are central to achieving a better understanding of pueblo history throughout the southwest and to more broadly studying the nature of human sociopolitical organization and change.



arapesh grammar and digital language archive

dobrin, lise - associate professor of linguistics
fellowship: 2011
the project will create a rich digital repository of sound recordings, text, and grammatical information about the endangered arapesh family of languages, which are known to linguistic science for their unusual sound-based noun classification and agreement systems. traditionally spoken by people living along the new guinea north coast, in many villages arapesh is no longer being learned by children, who grow up speaking the local lingua franca tok pisin instead. in addition to ensuring that arapesh is preserved in a robust form for future generations, the digital language archive will serve as a research tool for the other part of dobrin's project, producing a written grammar of arapesh focusing on the cemaun dialect. a multilingual, multimedia web site will also be developed to provide the public with an accessible resource on this remarkable group of languages. 



snac: the social networks and archival context project

pitti, daniel - co-director of iath
co-director, iath 
address the ongoing challenge of transforming description of and improving access to primary humanities resources through the use of advanced technologies.



the countryside transformed: the railroad and the eastern shore of virginia, 1870-1935

barnes, brooks miles - librarian, eastern shore public library
martin, worthy - acting director, iath and associate professor of computer science
ross, douglas - information technology specialist
externally funded project
a digital archive of maps, photographs, manuscripts, newspapers, public documents, and other media. "the countryside transformed" shows how the coming in 1884 of the railroad to the counties of accomack and northampton profoundly changed the physical and mental landscapes in which the people of the region lived, worked, and traveled.



the digital montpelier project

hallock, gardiner - montpelier director of architectural research
2010 neh fellow
developed from information gathered during the dramatic restoration of the montpelier mansion, the digital montpelier project features three models tracing the mansion's evolution from its initial construction in ca. 1764 through to president madison's final expansion in ca. 1812.



collective biographies of women

booth, alison - professor of english
resident fellowship: 2010-2012
promotes on-line collaborative research on nineteenth and twentieth century english-language collections of biographies of women, and will expand on collective biographies of women: an annotated bibliography, a web site that examines more than 930 collections of women's biographies published between 1830-1940 in britain and north america. these books, written by both men and women, cover a surprising range of subjects—historical and literary, biblical and legendary, martyrs and murderers, queens and reformers—and have much in common with the genres of popular fiction, self-help, and history.



virtual williamsburg

fischer, lisa - colonial williamsburg
horn, jim - colonial williamsburg
martin, worthy - acting director, iath and associate professor of computer science
externally funded iath project
the virtual williamsburg project is a collaborative effort between iath and the colonial williamsburg foundation to present williamsburg, virginia, in 1776, according to currently known information.



historical architecture of minnesota

martin, worthy - acting director, iath and associate professor of computer science
collaborative iath and mhs project
this collaboration between the minnesota historical society and iath will produce a series of digital models of historically significant buildings. the initial project will be a high quality 3d model of the washburn a mill and the surrounding mill city area of minneapolis in 1885. following this work, iath will create models of the historic ft. snelling building complex between 1820-1900. 



the world's fair in italy project

della coletta, cristina - professor of italian, associate chair
resident fellowship: 2009-2011
the world's fair in italy project will be the first digital archive devoted to analyzing the phenomenon of world's fairs in italy.  the project will consist of three sections, corresponding to three distinctive construction phases.  the initial phase will be devoted to the "fabulous exposition" of turin 1911.  each section will consist of two components: a real-time simulation model allowing users to create their own virtual tours of sectors of the fairgrounds, and an interactive database containing extensive materials, data, and artifacts related to these world's fairs.  the world's fair in italy project will offer a rich digital collection aimed at preserving the ephemeral world of universal expositions



silk road: the path of transmission of avalokitesvara

wong, dorothy - associate professor of east asian art
resident fellowship: 2008-2010
the silk road is a network of trade routes that provided a bridge between the east and the west. although the eastern part of the routes had been in use for millennia, the opening of the silk road occurred during the first century bce, when china secured control over the eastern section and began trading with the roman empire through intermediary states in central asia. using the silk road as a spatial template, this project attempts to create a digital, interactive presentation that allows for comparison of representations of avalokiteśvara across geographic areas and over time, in turn generating new understanding of how the cult of avalokiteśvara spread throughout asia.



xiakou : moral landscape in a sichuan mountain village

flower, john - acls fellow
acls fellow
this project explores the histories, beliefs, livelihoods, and local identities in xiakou (sha-ko) village, located in the mountains of ya'an county, in western sichuan province of the people's republic of china.the goal of the project is to understand xiakou village as an evolving cultural landscape, defined as the interwoven field of physical environment, historical memory, and moral agency, in which particular places gather a people's sense of themselves and serve as sources of belonging and identity.



rome reborn

frischer, bernard - professor of art history & classics
principal investigator
rome reborn 1.0 is the continuation of five centuries of research by scholars, architects and artists since the renaissance who have attempted to restore the ruins of the ancient city with words, maps and images. "rome reborn 1.0" is a true 3d model that runs in real time. users can navigate through the model with complete freedom, moving up, down, left and right at will. they can enter important public buildings such as the roman senate house, the colosseum, or the temple of venus and rome, the ancient city's largest place of worship.



mapping the dalai lamas

schaeffer, kurtis - frances myers ball professor
resident fellowship: 2007-2009
 mapping the dalai lamas intends to integrate digital texts of classical tibetan-language biographies with digital animated maps, timelines, and images to present significant events in the lives of the dalai lamas as well as to reveal hitherto unnoticed connections between biographical events, geographic location, social and historical context, and literary and rhetorical expression.



the dresser trunk project: a spatial look at segregated travel

williams, william d. - associate professor of architecture
associate fellow 2007
the dresser trunk project documents eleven venues and cities along the southern crescent line, currently run by amtrak.  the southern crescent runs from new york to new orleans. these venues were places of refuge for black travelers during segregation.  the research documents the hotels, nightclubs, and other destinations that were safe havens for black travelers during segregation.  many of the venues along the crescent route no longer exist, while others are in various stages of neglect.the purpose of this project is to identify locations around the country, establish links between the different locations i.e. who traveled between where and when.  preserve images, stories and documents that tell the story of each location.  culminating in the creation of a clearinghouse of information for significant venues in the black business districts and communities.  scholars, music historians, preservationist, and community leaders will use the collection of these national treasures. 



english medieval architecture: a model for design process analysis

reilly, lisa - associate professor of architecture
resident fellowship: 2006-2008
this project will explore the extent to which later medieval ecclesiastical architecture in england is determined by the fact that it is typically an addition to a pre-existing physical structure and how it is a response to cultural issues such as program, patronage and external stylistic influences.  multi-dimensional dynamic digital models will be developed for this investigation, which will be available on the web for those with an interest in the specific case studies as well as scholars concerned with developing new methodologies for research in architectural history.



aquae urbis romae

rinne, katherine wentworth - independent scholar
resident fellowship: 1998 [2006]
an interactive cartographic history of the relationship between hydrological and hydraulic systems and their impact on the urban development of rome, italy from 753 bc to the present day. aquae urbis romae examines the intersection between natural hydrological elements such as springs, rain, streams, marshes, and the tiber river, and tectonic hydraulic elements such as aqueducts, fountains, sewers, bridges, conduits, etc., that together create the water infrastructure system of rome.



homer's trojan theater

clay, jenny strauss - william r. kenan, jr. professor classics
associate fellow 2006
this project argues for the centrality of vision in homeric poetics and its importance both for the poet in constructing, and for his audience in comprehending, the course of his narrative.  the iliad's battle scenes, which take up a third of the poem, pose an exceptional challenge to a narrator.  the poet in turn is able to translate his vision into words with such vividness and clarity that his audience can for its part imaginatively re-envision the trojan plain on which the heroes fought and died.  this project takes the text of the iliad as its script, paying particular attention to spatial indications such as for example "left" and "right," and attempts to reconstruct the activity on the battlefield with the help of digital technology. translating the poemâ’s verbal account into a visual medium demonstrates not only the coherence of its plan, but also reveals the role of spatial design in plotting its narrative.



the world of dante

parker, deborah - professor of italian
resident fellowship: 1997 [2006]
the world of dante offers a hypermedia environment for the study of the inferno. this project is designed to appeal to the different purposes of a wide range of readers, not simply those with scholarly interests. this version of the inferno is generated by software from a densely encoded electronic text. unlike other versions of the poem presently online, this copy of the inferno has been tagged using sgml (standard generalized markup language).



the lives of saints : the medieval french hagiography project

ogden amy - associate professor of french
resident fellowship: 2005-2007
the "lives of the  saints" project will focus on those lives that were written in french  (including anglo-norman but not occitan), in verse or prose or both between  c. 880 and 1504 of the christian era. these texts (also known collectively  as hagiography) were arguably the most widely enjoyed literary and religious works of the middle ages. today, however, most of them languish in manuscript  vaults and in faulty, rare, century-old editions; very few have been  translated into modern french or english. one main goal of this project  is to demonstrate both the central role of hagiography in medieval french  culture and the inherent appeal of the works in order to stimulate further  research, especially the preparation of editions and translations that will make the lives accessible to all readers.



the vivarium digital library of latin literature

nancy llewellyn - independent scholar
independent scholar 2005-2006
the vivarium digital library of latin literature is new kind of online library of latin texts in which all periods of latin literature will be represented and made accessible to a wider public.  the texts themselves will act as portals, putting the user in instant contact with a universe of digital tools for interdisciplinary research, interpretation, study and teaching.  the name vivarium digital library was chosen by an international group of scholars working on the project to honor the original vivarium, a unique library and cultural institution founded by the great 6th-century italian philosopher and diplomat cassiodorus.



st. gall monastery plan

frischer, bernard - professor of art history & classics
geary, pat - professor of history, ucla
martin, worthy - acting director, iath and associate professor of computer science
schedl, barbara - independent scholar
resident research: 2005
this site will provide access to the results of our long-term project of creating an extensive collection of the plan of st. gall. in addition to a variety of digital representations of the plan itself, the collection will include detailed information on each element of the plan, its contemporary context and its impact on early medieval monastic architecture and culture. the resulting collection, as made available via this site, will have the breadth and depth of information that will enable substantive new scholarship. the plan of st. gall is the earliest preserved and most extraordinar visualization of a building complex produced in the middle ages. ever since th plan was created at the monastery of reichenau sometime in the period 819-2 a.d., it has been preserved in the monastic library of st. gall (switzerland)



digital roman forum

frischer, bernard - professor of art history & classics
principal investigator
the cultural virtual reality laboratory (cvrlab ucla) created a digital model of the roman forum as it appeared in late antiquity. the notional date of the model is june 21, 400 a.d.
the purpose of the modeling project was to spatialize information and theories about how the forum looked at this moment in time, which was more or less the height of its development as rome's civic and cultural center. the digital model includes over twenty features (buildings and major monuments) filling up the western zone of the roman forum from the temple of vesta and temple of antoninus and faustina on the east to the tabularium facing the western slope of the capitoline hill.



leonardo da vinci and his treatise on painting

fiorani, francesca - associate professor of art history
kress foundation: 2009-2012
the main scope of the project is the creation of an electronically based archive for a comparative search of the textural and graphic tradition connected to leonardo's treatise on painting, the only text by leonardo that circulated widely from the mid-sixteenth century to the late eighteenth century.



the circus in america: 1793-1940

hoh, lavahn g. - professor of drama
resident fellowship: 2002-2004
the circus in america, 1793 - 1940 examines the unique characteristics,  cultural impact, and relationships in the development of the circus as  one of the most popular and significant forms of entertainment in america. the site looks at the circus' transition from small performer  operated shows into big business. as circuses grew so did the associated  problems. the circus developed unique solutions to their problems and these  solutions were adopted by other industries. likewise, the circus learned  valuable lessons from industry and used those ideas to their benefit. one prominent example was the switch from wagons to railroads for transporting  the shows. the circus shared many of the recurring problems of theatre  and vaudeville such as maintaining fresh shows with unique acts.



traditions of exemplary women: liu xiang's lienü  zhuan

kinney, anne behnke - professor of chinese
resident fellowship: 2001
this project focuses on the lienü zhuan (traditions of exemplary women) of liu  xiang (77-6 b.c.), the earliest extant book in the chinese tradition solely  devoted to the moral education of women. the book consists of biographical accounts of female role models in early china and became the standard textbook  for women's education for the next two millennia. the lienü zhuan offers  important insights into the culture, politics, and social structure of  early china, as well as into the representation of women in various phases  of china's history. this project includes a translation of the text, a  book-length study, and a digital archive that will serve as a publicly accessible tool for scholarly exploration (in both english and chinese)  of women's social, legal, and ritual status as represented in the texts  of specific periods in chinese history.



evolutionary infrastructure: boston's back bay fens

poole, kathy - independent scholar
resident fellowship: 2000
the case study is boston's back bay fens and its surrounding urban landscape. the fens is an urban park designed in 1878 by legendary landscape architect frederick law olmsted, sr., his inaugural jewel for the chain of parks dubbed the emerald necklace. it is also central to the planned districts ofback bay and the fenway, critically important additions to boston enabled by a massive 19th c. landfill operation. together the park and its neighborhoods form the fens landscape, a model urban design.



the salem witch trials, documentary archive and transcription project

ray, ben - professor of religious studies
resident fellowship: 2000
the salem witch trials documentary archive and transcription project consists of an electronic collection of primary source materials relating to the salem witch trials of 1692 and a new transcription of the court records. the documentary archive is created under the supervision of professor benjamin c. ray, university of virginia. the transcription project is supervised by professor bernard rosenthal, university of binghamton. together with a team of scholars, professor rosenthal is undertaking a new transcription of the original court records, titled records of
the salem witch-hunt, to be published by cambridge university press.




the thomas macgreevy archive

schreibman, susan - assistant director of the maryland institute for technology in the humanities
networked associate fellowship: 1999
the thomas macgreevy archive is a long-term, interdisciplinary  research project committed to exploring the intersections between traditional  humanities research and digital technologies. to date, the archive has focused on publishing an on-line bibliography  of writings by and about thomas macgreevy. over 300 texts, augmented with enhanced search and navigation features, have been encoded in standard generalised markup language (sgml).



uncle tom's cabin and american culture : multimedia archive

railton, stephen - professor of english
resident fellowship: 1999
the project is founded on three premises. first as the best-selling novel and most frequently dramatized story in the 19th century america, uncle tom's cabin can teach us an enormous amount about our history and culture. no text has more to say about how american society has understood relations between the races, the meaning of slavery, the nature and place of women and men, the significance of christians, the south as a region, and so on. second, access to original texts and manuscripts of stowe's work will enrich the learning experience and further an understanding of society during the 19th century.  third, modern electronic technology can give us powerful new ways to research and appreciate our past.



the samantabhadra project

germano, david - associate professor of religious studies
resident fellowship: 1999
the samantabhadra collection is a collaborative electronic project centered around the reproduction, analysis, interpretation, and translation of tibetan literature in the nyingma tradition. the nyingma (rnying ma) schools of tibetan buddhism represent the oldest lineages of buddhism in tibet, dating back to the eighth century during the height of the great tibetan empire and continuing to thrive in the twenty-first century. the collection is named after samantabhadra (tibetan, kun tu bzang po), the primordial buddha understood as the ultimate source of these traditions. our initial focus is on the various editions of the great canonical collection of tibetan buddhist scriptures known as the collected tantras of the ancients (rnying ma rgyud 'bum).



the salisbury project

roberts, marion - professor of art
associate fellowship: 1997
the salisbury project is the creation of professor marion roberts, mcintire department of art, university of virginia, charlottesville, virginia. the project is an archive of color photographs designed for teachers, students and scholars to supplement visually books and articles published on the cathedral and town of salisbury. the project consists of views of the exterior and interior of the cathedral. views of the choir have yet to be added. in the future the project will include photographs of the close, the town, old sarum and some parish churches. there is a guide for teachers and students, a section devoted to texts and essays, and an annotated bibliography.



crystal palace -- monuments and dust: the culture of victorian london

brandon, shayne - system administrator
jessee, chris - modeling creative lead
levenson, michael - william b. christian professor of english. resident fellowship: 1998
massari, lauren - multimedia designer
rourk, will - 3d technologies specialist

here we make accessible views of the massive 3d model that the team, over many years, has created and rendered. this modeling effort came out of professor levenson's original iath fellow project. the primary goal of that project was to extend both the terms and forms of the study of london, the dominant metropolis of the nineteenth century, a center of social and cultural meanings, and a resonant locus for interdisciplinary exchange. the grand vision was for a large scale research endeavor leading to the construction of an archive of primary materials-journalism, literary works, paintings, census data, maps, tracts, cartoons, sermons-open to scholars and teachers in a wide range of disciplines.



the melville electronic library

bryant, john - professor of english, hofstra university
networked associate fellowship: 1998
the melville electronic library is a critical archive first conceived in discussions at iath involving john bryant, jerome mcgann, haskell springer, and john unsworth.  mel's textual core consists of neh-funded scholarly editions of the versions of melville's works, in print and manuscript, based on the theory and protocols of fluid-text editing.



patterns of reconstruction at pompeii

martini, kirk - associate professor of architecture and civil engineering
resident fellowship: 1998
the pompeii forum project, is a multi-disciplinary study of the development of the forum as the civic center of pompeii. the study is approached from the perspective of a structural engineer, applying engineering principles to interpret the currently visible areas of damage and repair, plus information available from historic records. the study employs a variety of computer-based technologies in the inquiry, in particular digital photogrammetry to document the geometry and construction of key areas of the building, plus three dimensional modelling to depict the state of the building in various states of damage and repair.



the walt whitman archive

folsom, ed - the carver professor of english at the university of iowa
price, kenneth m. - the hillegass professor of american literature at the university of nebraska, lincoln
networked associate fellows 1997
the walt whitman archive is an electronic research and teaching tool that sets out to make whitman's vast work, for the first time, easily and conveniently accessible to scholars, students, and general readers. whitman, america's most influential poet and one of the four or five most innovative and significant writers in united states history, is the most challenging of all american authors in terms of the textual difficulties his work presents



the mayan epigraphic database project

alvarado, rafael - manager, humanities computing research support, princeton university
graduate fellow 1996
the mayan epigraphic database project (med) is an experiment in networked scholarship with the purpose of enhancing classic mayan epigraphic research. at present, med consists of a relational database of glyphs ("gnumbers"), images, phonetic values ("pvalues"), and semantic values ("svalues") according to the consensus among various american mayanists (macleod and reents-budet 1994). also present is the beginning of an archive of digitally transcribed mayan texts. 



the architecture of thomas jefferson

wilson, richard guy - the commonwealth professor's chair in architectural history at the university of virginia
resident fellowship: 1996
jefferson architecture electronic archive center (jaeac) is an "in process" archive that brings together materials related to the architecture of thomas jefferson (1743-1826). in spite of the near universal aclaim accorded to jefferson's architecture no comprehensive publication exists that covers his work in detail. working with curators from other institutions and jefferson properties this archive will assemble both primary and major secondary materials. 



documentary history of the construction of the buildings at the university of virginia

grizzard, frank e., jr. - senior associate editor, the papers of george washington
graduate fellow 1996
this electronic database consists of 1,750 manuscript documents related to the construction of the original buildings of thomas jefferson's nineteenth-century architectural masterpiece, the university of virginia, in charlottesville, virginia. when completed, it will consist of transcriptions and annotations for the documents, nearly 3,000 digital images from microfilm and from originals for many of those documents, a book-length historical narrative based on those documents, and hundreds of digital photographs of the university's historic grounds. the analytical and textual components of the project are largely completed, and most of the material is already in a searchable electronic format, but the text encoding and hypertext links necessary to make this a fully integrated and searchable sgml database have not been completed. the database is now permanently maintained by the university of virginia's electronic text center 



wax, or the discovery of television among the bees

blair, david - independent filmmaker
networked associate fellow 1995
"wax or the discovery of television among the bees" (85:00, 1991), is a electronic-cinema feature. this hybrid feature, which can be called a film both from habit, and because modes of distribution necessitated a transfer to 16mm,is made completely of electronic images; the majority of it's 2000 shots were either digitally post-processed, or synthesized using analog and digital techniques. 



the pompeii forum project

dobbins, john - professor of roman art and archaeology
resident fellowship: 1994
the pompeii forum project is a collaborative research venture that is archaeologicaly based, heavily dependent upon advanced technology, and so conceived as to address broad issues in urban history and urban design. evidence gathered to date challenges commonly held and widely published notions about the evolution of the forum, especially during the final years of the city's life. the goals are to provide the first systematic documentation of the architecture and decoration of the forum, to interpret evidence as it pertains to pompeii's urban history, and to make wider contributions to both the history of urbanism and contemporary problems of urban design.



dickinson electronic archives

smith, martha nell - professor of english, founding director of the maryland institute for technology in the humanities (mith)
professor of english, founding director of the maryland institute for technology in the humanities (mith)
the dickinson electronic archives (dea), a website devoted to the study of emily dickinson, her writing practices, writings directly influencing her work, and critical and creative writings generated by her work. the dea is produced by the dickinson editing collective, with four general editors working collaboratively with one another and with numerous coeditors, staff, and users.



piers plowman  electronic archive

duggan, hoyt - professor of english
resident fellowship: 1994
the long-range goal of the piers plowman electronic archive is the creation of a multi-level, hyper-textually linked electronic archive of the textual tradition of all three versions of the fourteenth-century allegorical dream vision piers plowman.



the william blake archive

eaves, morris - professor of english, university of rochester
essick, robert - professor of english, university of california, riverside
viscomi, joseph - james g. kenan distinguished professor of english, university of north carolina, chapel hill
networked associate fellows 1994
 in the broadest terms, the william blake archive is a contemporary response to the needs of this dispersed and various audience of readers and viewers and to the corresponding needs of the collections where blake's original works are currently held. the blake archive was conceived as an international public resource that would provide unified access to major works of visual and literary art that are highly disparate, widely dispersed, and more and more often severely restricted as a result of their value, rarity, and extreme fragility.



the valley of the shadow

ayers, edward l. - hugh p. kelley professor of history
resident fellowship: 1993
the valley project details life in two american communities, one northern and southern, from the time of john brown's raid through the era of reconstruction.  in this digital archive you may explore thousands of original letters and diaries, newspapers and speeches, census and church records, left by men and women in augusta county, virginia, and franklin county, pennsylvania.  giving voice to hundreds of individual people, the valley project tells forgotten stories of life during the era of the civil war.



the complete writings and pictures of dante gabriel rossetti

mcgann, jerome - the john stewart bryan professor
nineteenth and twentieth century, history and theory of texts
resident fellowship: 1993
the rossetti archive is a hypertextual instrument designed to facilitate the scholarly study of dante gabriel rossetti, the painter, designer, writer, and translator who was, according to both john ruskin and walter pater, the most important and original artistic force in the second half of the nineteenth century in great britain. this is the first of four planned installments of the archive.





news

february 3, 2025 2025 data analytics center-digital humanities center fellowship 
february 29, 2024 special iteration of iath fellowship program: developmental fellowships
october 24, 2023 uva’s iath launches its latest humanities project website ‘virginia emigrants to liberia’ facilitates local and trans-atlantic research



follow us on twitter 





2023-2024 fellow
christian mcmillen, professor of history


























help
contact
support us
copyright





university of virginia














