




first class cars |
used bhph cars salt lake city utah, bad credit car loans slc, in house car financing approval salt lake, subprime auto lenders 84111, used bhph cars, used bhph trucks, used bhph minivans, used bhph suvs, guaranteed auto loan approval salt lake county ut, quick & easy car loans slc utah, no credit ok, bankruptcy ok, divorce ok, quality car loans salt lake city, buy here pay here dealership slc, pre-owned auto sales salt lake, previously owned vehicles slc, affordable used cars, cheap down payments slc first class cars ::

















































 login
 logoff



 (801) 328-0098 801 south state street, salt lake city, ut 84111








 menu
			


home
inventory 



inventory


all inventory (72)




price


all prices (72)


$0 - $5,000 (19)


$5,000 - $10,000 (53)





makes




								
								audi (1)
							




								
								bmw (1)
							




								
								cadillac (2)
							




								
								chevrolet (6)
							




								
								chrysler (3)
							




								
								dodge (1)
							




								
								ford (11)
							




								
								gmc (1)
							




								
								honda (7)
							




								
								hyundai (5)
							




								
								jaguar (1)
							




								
								jeep (1)
							




								
								kia (1)
							




								
								mazda (4)
							




								
								mercedes-benz (1)
							




								
								mercury (1)
							




								
								mitsubishi (2)
							




								
								nissan (7)
							




								
								scion (1)
							




								
								subaru (2)
							




								
								toyota (8)
							




								
								volkswagen (3)
							




								
								volvo (2)
							





body type




								
								convertible (2)
							




								
								coupe (2)
							




								
								hatchback (4)
							




								luxury (1)
							




								
								pickup truck (2)
							




								
								sedan (38)
							




								
								suv (14)
							




								
								van/minivan (4)
							




								
								wagon (3)
							










pay online
get approved!
dealer services 

book test-drive
schedule service
sell your auto
vehicle locating


company info 

our story
our team
contact us
map & directions
testimonials 

customer survey


refer a friend
employment app.































































where you're treated like family!
family owned & operated since 1984no appointment necessary!


learn more about us!
















good credit, bad credit, no credit, no problem! we finance everyone!
0% interest available! see salesman for details!


get approved now!
















only clean cars with clean titles at first class cars!!
no rebuilt vehicles, no restored vehicles, no salvaged vehicles!  free carfax and autocheck available on every vehicle!!


learn the details!
















great selection
quality cars, trucks, & suv's!  down-payments starting at $299the more you put down, the newer the car we can finance for you!


browse our inventory!
















free fluids for your vehicle!! 
while you are making your payments.


schedule a service appointment!
















don't take our word for it...
read what our happy customers have been saying about us for going on 40 years!


view testimonials!





























browse our quality vehicles in our online virtual showroom!


browse our inventory









get pre-approved for financing with our easy application!


apply for financing









contact us today regarding any questions you may have!


contact us






























no inventory at this time!






























we finance everyone! starting at $299 down.









get approved now!






































 fast & easy financing






first class cars has our own in-house financing as well as bank and credit union financing available. we can get you financed today with as little as $299 down! good credit, bad credit, no credit, no problem! we finance everyone! click here to apply online now for financing! 0% financing available!  see salesmen for details!














 pre-owned vehicles






we hand pick our vehicles to ensure the highest quality used cars possible. every vehicle we sell has been approved for a 90 day and all the way up to 5 year warranty at an extra charge. no rebuilt, no restored, no salvaged vehicles sold at first class cars!! free carfax and autocheck on every car!














 first class customers






we love our first class customers! your satisfaction is extremely important to us. our sales associates are non commission to ensure that we never have high pressure sales people. at first class cars we want you to relax, take your time and buy nothing but a first class car! come in today and see for yourself why so many people choose first class cars!














 superior service & repair






we service what we sell! first class cars has a state of the art, professionally staffed service department dedicated to ensuring that our customers’ vehicles are repaired in a timely fashion for a reasonable price. click here to schedule a service appointment.
































 buy here, pay here!









 bad credit, ok!









 easy payments!









 in-house financing!









 0% interest available!









 no credit, ok!









 financing you!









 we are the bank!



















































no-hassle financingyour job is your credit with first class cars, and we can get you approved for an auto loan with no problem, even with a bad credit score!















great vehicle selectionwe stock a great selection of units in our inventory. cars, trucks, vans, suv’s, sedans, family crossovers, we have it all!















we listen to youwe want to hear about your experience at our dealership. let us know how we did, we would love to hear from you!




































welcome to first class cars!
we have been selling good cars to good people since 1984.
we are a family owned and operated business. bad credit, no credit, we finance everyone!!
please feel free to browse our online virtual showroom, and call us @ (801) 328-0098 for more information!.

















first class cars
5.00      7 reviews 
view all testimonials






 alexis  north


just bought my second car. i am really happy with this company. i have been to so many company's and nobody makes me feel more welcome and at easy tha... 


 peter  b


great job, fast service, car was in great shape.									

 harminee v


my experience with you was superb. i would not change it at all! thank you!									

 lonnie o


you guys made the buying process quick and easy, i look forward to doing business with you in the future.									

 stephan s


everything was great! i would recommend first class cars to anyone looking for a great car and a excellent staff!									

 kristy o


i was very pleased with the service provided to me by you guys as well as my van purchased. the manager there is wonderful.									

 marc m


sales person was excellent, thank you we enjoy our truck.									



previous



next


















































































































































































previous





next














search our inventory









show search options














find my vehicle





























































































getapproved















browseinventory















learnabout us















readour reviews















make apayment















contactour team











































address & contact info

 address: 801 south state st., salt lake city, ut 84111
 phone: (801) 328-0098


  email: office@firstclasscars.com























sales hours





mon:10:00am - 8:00pmtue:10:00am - 8:00pmwed:10:00am - 8:00pmthu:10:00am - 8:00pmfri:10:00am - 8:00pmsat:10:00am - 7:00pmsun:closed





if you're coming past 7pm, please give us a call to let us know you're on your way. 8pm closing is conditional depending on weather and local conditions.








service hours





mon:10:00am - 6:00pmtue:10:00am - 6:00pmwed:10:00am - 6:00pmthu:10:00am - 6:00pmfri:10:00am - 6:00pmsat:closedsun:closed








questions / comments











 






contact us









































used bhph cars salt lake city utahfirst class cars caters to all of the surrounding residents located in salt lake city ut, 84111 and all of salt lake city county. we have the ability to get you approved for your next used car loan without all of the hassle of submitting your used car loan to a bank or lending institution for your used car loan credit approval. your job is your credit with first class cars and we can get you approved for a used car loan, used truck loan, used van loan or used suv loan with no problem even with a bad credit score. 

at first class cars in salt lake city ut, we specialize in “buy here pay here” or “bhph” used auto financing approval, which means that when you buy your used car from first class cars in salt lake city ut, you can make your payments on your loan directly to first class cars in salt lake city ut as well. 

one of the best things about purchasing your next new used car from first class cars is that we will help you improve your bad credit by reporting all of your on-time payments to the credit bureaus. not only will we help you get approved for the used car of your dreams, but we will help get your bad credit score back on track and increased in the process as well. first class cars has been helping local salt lake city ut, 84111 and all of salt lake city county residents with bad credit get quick and easy used car loan approval for all salt lake city ut consumers and we have not seen a bad credit challenged situation that we have not been able to help get approval on, and overcome for a used car loan thus far. 

if you have a bad credit score because of: unpaid medical bills, collection notices, previous repossessions, past bankruptcies, divorce, maxed out credit cards; first class cars in salt lake city ut can help you get an affordable used car loan with our “buy here pay here” financing with flexible terms for the next used car of your dreams. 

thank you for choosing first class cars in salt lake city ut, we are the:  bad credit approval, no credit, subprime, in-house financing approval, bhph, buy here pay here, divorce ok, bankruptcy ok, repossession ok approval specialists! make your next used car purchase through first class cars and see the “first class cars difference” you won’t be sorry that you did! in addition to serving the local community of salt lake city ut, we also serve residents in: salt lake city ut, 84111 and all of salt lake city county and all of montgomery county tx.
all of the used car loans, used truck loans, used van loans and suv loans that we offer for our inventory are meticulously inspected by our highly trained technicians before to being added to our online inventory, so you can rest assured that you are getting the highest quality vehicle at the time of purchase. 

















 


home
inventory
pay online
get approved!
book test-drive
schedule service
sell your auto
vehicle locating
our story
our team
contact us
map & directions
testimonials
customer survey
refer a friend
employment app.
sold inventorysitemapxml sitemapnexus links


 

 


			all rights reserved · © 2025 ·
			
				first class cars
			
			
				marketing technology by
				vehiclesnetwork
				an apogeeinvent company
				
this page has been visited 0 times since february 14th, 2025
first class cars has been visited 25,702,458 times.










































