







prestige caterers



































































































              home
            

            about
          

events


            cuisine
          

              venues
            

            testimonials
          

            contact us
          







back


            weddings
          

            bar mitzvahs
          

            bat mitzvahs
          

            bris
          

            special days
          

            corporate
          




































































homeabout
events

weddings
bar mitzvahs
bat mitzvahs
bris
special days
corporate

cuisinevenuestestimonialscontact us







total concepts. total creativity.











scroll






  innovative. inviting. unforgettable. 













 








































































































 

a unique catering approach…

 

where culinary excellence and event design combine perfectly to create your dream event.we assemble a creative event team of skilled professionals to produce immersive, unforgettable events.your event — your vision, brought to life.cohesive presentations of food and decor.fabulous delicacies for your guests to enjoy.

 

 culinary expertise

  

whatever your palate or special dietary needs…our culinary staff will create a menu that will entice and delight your guests.




    feast your eyes
  


































































































































































































































 

classic & innovative venues

 




















































































































































 

re-imagining…re-creating….re-making…warehouses into magnificent venues, tents into ballrooms, pools into ceremony spaces, lofts into gardens, etc…from ny to florida, rhode island, pennsylvania, new jersey, delaware, baltimore…prestige caterer’s stellar reputation has earned the respect and admiration of catering directors up and down the east coast – “we want you here more often” is the consistent refrain.wherever your imagination goes, prestige is the partner you want sharing your journey!




    come with us
  

 

commitment to kashrut

 













under the vaad harabonim of queens, prestige caterers retains the respect of one the strongest rabbinical councils in the new york area.

 

commitment to excellence

 

joel katz established prestige caterers 55 years ago with the notion that food must look as beautiful as it is delicious. today, that legacy and deep commitment to culinary excellence and visionary design is carried forth by his son, spencer.











 


    all about us
  

 

our latest posts













  





 






 






 






 













 













 






 






 






immersive events



new page








 









  



















 



 

1000 rosedale roadvalley stream, ny 11581718-464-8400516-374-9059877-255-4049 (toll free )info@prestigecaterers.com

 

privacy policy     terms & conditions © 2023 prestige caterers      

 



















 







please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


