






eileen goudge – new york times – bestselling author






































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar 
categories






instagram
twitter
facebook
amazon store
eileen goudgenew york times - bestselling author 
main menu






home
about
blog
book titles
boxed sets
newsletter
questions from my readers
 






“i was born on the fourth of july, and it’s been fireworks ever since.”
i’m a writer by day, wife of a film critic by night. be careful what you tell me or it might end up in one of my novels. i come from a large family with a few skeletons rattling around in the closet. i’m also a mom and serial wife (as my current and forever husband calls me—you may have guessed he’s not my first). luckily my friends and family are still speaking to me, and readers continue to read what i’ve written. maybe because i’m not afraid to go there. so, please, pull up a chair if you dare.










 all they need to know
this novel is about one woman’s journey. in many ways, it was my journey when i started over in my mid-thirties. like my heroine, kyra, i fled an abusive relationship and made a new life for myself and my children at the other end of the continent from where i’d started. unlike me, kyra is childless, but she befriends a dog named ranger along the way, who ends up becoming her road buddy after she “liberates” him from his cruel owner. i’m a writer. kyra is an artist. i found love again, though not right away. she finds herself drawn to her sexy landlord, coop, after checking out of the “bates motel” and moving into the old air stream on coop’s property. though, as you might imagine, she’s mistrustful of men after she’s been through. will she overcome her fears and find love again?
available now
read more about the book here >>>
 
—————————– 









 amazon | barnes and noble





 amazon | barnes and noble




read more...
 amazon | barnes and noble








books & writing
yay! it’s pub day!i’m excited to announce that today my newest novel all they need to know is being launched into the world. it’s been a long journey to publication. a … [continue reading...] about yay! it’s pub day!


life
dear readers,keeping it short and sweet this year, as i’m on deadline (yes, even during the holidays). i wish you all the joy and blessings, and books to read—one … [continue reading...] about dear readers,


something cooking
giving thanksit’s that time of year when those of us who celebrate gather around ye olde turkey on the table and give thanks for our blessings. this this year, no … [continue reading...] about giving thanks






 


join over hundreds of readers and sign up to receive my email newsletter.






private policy


my books at open road media
private policy




copyright © 2025 eileen goudge ·  site designed & maintained by deborah kunzie 
affiliate disclosure: this site contains affiliate links to products. we may receive a commission for purchases made through these links at no additional cost to you.  






