

















roswell museum | roswell, nm








 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 

 










  





 
 



  
 












search







 
 
 







    about      learn      events      exhibitions      planetarium      museum store  


 

 

 

 

 

 






 














the roswell museum is closed until further notice. we apologize for any inconvenience.click here to support the museum by donating to the rmac foundation.
 






  
 
 








 














planetarium








classes










 
 














events








membership










 
 














support rmac








email signup










 
 
 
























 














news & upcoming events
 






  
 



   
 
 


  
 


  
 




october 25, 2024roswell museum devastated by floodmuseum staff rally resources for collections and building recoverythe roswell museum suffered significant flooding and subsequent damage during the city's historic flooding on october 19 and 20. assessment continues of the 51,000-square-foot facility, which includes 12 gallery spaces, a planetarium, classrooms, auditorium and ceramics studio. recovery will be a multi-year process.museum staff entered the building on sunday morning to remove key works from the permanent collection and evaluate damage once flood waters, which reached over 5 feet in some areas, receded and the electricity was turned off. while volunteers from waide construction applied plywood to secure the building against a possible second storm surge, rapid coordination began to determine the next steps for insurance, remediation and collection recovery. due to safety measures taken in the early assessment and recovery stages, staff were unharmed in the disaster.volunteers arrived monday morning to remove debris and mud from the exterior of the building, allowing for safer entry. the conservation center of chicago, a disaster relief conservation laboratory, also arrived in roswell on monday and is working with museum staff to assess damage and begin efforts to stabilize art and artifacts.multiple state officials toured the museum on tuesday, including representative teresa leger fernandez, who noted the extreme severity of damages and the cultural significance. debra garcia y griego, cabinet secretary for the new mexico department of cultural affairs, came at the request of the office of governor michelle lujan grisham after the governor toured the city on monday morning. in addition to providing valuable resources and contacts, garcia y griego mobilized museum staff statewide, and two state museum professionals from the museum of international folk art and the new mexico history museum have been assisting roswell museum staff since wednesday, october 23.homeland security and fema representatives toured the facility with fema providing staff members additional national-level resources for advice and guidance when preserving historical elements, including specialists from the smithsonian. items in need of specialized treatments include the robert h. goddard rocketry collection and the rogers and mary ellen aston collection of the american west with artifacts dating back to the spanish colonial period, along with adobe walls that make up the original 1937 museum building. concurrently with collection efforts, servpro is providing remediation in cleaning the building of water and silt, reducing humidity levels, and removing compromised flooring, drywall, and furnishings to ensure the safety of the staff and workers and prevent the formation of mold.caroline brooks, museum executive director, writes, “the museum staff, board of trustees and foundation are heartbroken at the devastation that resulted from last weekend's events. local, state and federal resources are being employed to aid staff and conservators with recovery of the nearly 10,000 permanent collection items as well as loaned items and archive materials, representing over 500 years of cultural history. once stabilized, assessment will be required to determine the extent of conservation needed to clean, repair and preserve damaged items. the museum represents the lifeblood of this community. its early beginnings in 1937, built through the works progress administration, have been nurtured and celebrated through the vision and passion of its citizens for more than 87 years. we will work to preserve this legacy for future generations to come.”founded as a wpa federal art center in 1935, the museum opened in 1937 and is one of four wpa museums still in operation. the museum serves as a cultural beacon and historical steward with a vast collection of southwest art, historical archives and artifacts, the robert h. goddard rocketry collection, a world-class planetarium, and art education outreach for children and adults. though the museum is closed until further notice, all efforts are being made to ensure the museum’s continuation as a cherished resource, enhancing learning opportunities in southeastern new mexico.museum staff recognize the importance of transparency about the impacts to the beloved institution, however, press coverage was delayed to ensure staff safety and collection security were in place. going forward, specialized collection recovery will be needed from archivists, conservators and other art professionals. the museum’s board of trustees and rmac foundation, along with city, state and national departments and agencies will continue to mobilize support to ensure the longevity of this vital institution. more information will be released as the recovery unfolds.



 
 


  
 



  












on view


 






  
 


  



learn more about our recent exhibitions:



 
 


  
 


  






































  
 


  
 


  
 
 




 














	stay up to date
calendar


 






  
 











february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












tue, feb. 18  

occupancy tax board meeting



tue, feb. 18  

public safety meeting



tue, feb. 18  

cemetery board meeting



wed, feb. 19  

parks and recreation commission meeting






view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 














	never miss a thing
spotlight


 






  
 





  
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







roswell museum • 1011 n. richardson ave. roswell, nm 88201mailing address during closure: po box 1838, roswell, nm 88202phone: 575-624-6744  | email
 






  
 



  
 










  





 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







frequently asked questions








does the museum offer appraisals?


how do i donate art or artifacts to the museum collection?


can the museum be rented for special events?


how much does it cost to visit the museum?


how do i make a contribution to the roswell museum and art center foundation?








/faq.aspx




 
 



  
 







popular links







chaves county 



roswell chaves county economic development corporation



roswell hispano chamber of commerce 



see roswell



guide to government aid for seniors









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



privacy policy



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close






























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









