



bra cars, home of the cx3, cv3 & leighton 3-wheelers.





">
























beribo replica automobiles







welcome to bra motor works. 
on this site you will find information, reviews and pictures relating to the range of bra cars including our
     famous 3-wheeled roadsters. 
this website is the official website of bra motor works, the original manufacturers of the cx3, cv3, leighton, and mr3 3-wheeled roadsters. we have also included information on the bra q4 and bra 289.
     pages specific to the bra 427, bra j-type and bra p-type will be added soon.
please 
     note that the names 'bra', 'bra engineering', 'bra motor works' & 'beribo replica automobiles', along with the 
     bra logo, are owned solely by us. licences permitting the use of the name bra and the bra logo were issued to the two 
     companies who purchased the cx3, mg3, cv3 and leighton projects from us in 2002 for use specifically as attachments 
     to those cars only.since the late 1970's the bra badge has embellished many fine replica cars and the range 
     of cars featured here represents over 25 years of continual development.
     click on a link below to discover more.































thebra cobra 289.








bra history.





click here for a brief history and update on bra cars.









plans.
plan sets for the cv3 & 
              cx3 (originally introduced in 1999) are now available again! click here 
              for details.




















the bra cx3
 









reviews.
click here for reproductions of the original bra brochures 
              and magazine reviews

















a question of stability


















the bra cv3
 








selling?please contact us if you are thinking of selling your bra or other 3-wheeler. we have 
              buyers waiting!









coming soon by popular request...
 information pages for the bra 427, bra
              p-type & bra j-type.
soon!





















the bra leighton
















the bra photo galleries... for 
              all things bra plus more!









visit totalkitcar.com'the' on-line kit car magazine.




















the bra q4








contact us



e-mail us from here.









did you know?!
a few bra interesting facts and figures. 
             

























the bra mr3









new on-line parts store.
replacement build manuals, badges, chassis plates, etc. updated august 2008.click here 
              for details.









visit3-wheelers.com
'the' on-line reference for all things 3-wheeler!

























we now have a small on-line parts store where items such 
     as plan sets, replacement build manuals, badges and chassis plates are available.click here for details.


















        thank you for visiting our web site.since re-launching this site in may 2006 we have had over 180,000 hits 
        from over 55,000 unique visitors! this makes us think we're popular and should be back in production!
        current monthly average hits is now over 4000!.
















copyright abuse. it has been 
     brought to our attention that the bra logo from this website has been stolen and used to make a fake bra letterhead 
     for falsifying the details of a cars history, in particular a bra 289. should you be offered any car with any bra 
     documentation please contact us to confirm the authenticity of that documentation.
     we will initiate legal action and claim for substantial damages for any abuse of our copyright.











private number plates are available for cars of any age. a vast database of available numbers may be searched online at regtransfers.co.uk. for those who already own their personalised car registrations, numberplates.com is a free enthusiasts' club. the club site is available to members and non-members, and features forums, news, fun and games and a virtual number plates museum.
      












 




copyright (c) 2009 bra motor works.     copyright (c) 2009 the mather-wiles partnership.
        
        site last updated december 2009.    this website is maintained and updated by bra cars enthusiast steve mass.





 










