







fertility centers of illinois | ivf treatment | fertility testing | fertility center










































































 



 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer





















become an egg donor
1-877-324-4483
 
search resources



schedule appointment 








get started

about fciinfertility causeswhen to seek helpyour first visitfertility testingfertility awarenesspreconception and prenatal vitamins 
treatments





fertility

in vitro fertilization (ivf)intrauterine insemination (iui)invocell® (mini ivf)egg freezingsuccess ratesall fertility treatments  
 


donation & surrogacy

find a donordonor spermdonor eggdonor embryogestational carrierall donor options become an egg donor 
 


personalized care

male fertilitysingle parentslgbtqia+ family buildingoncofertilitygenetic testingcounseling & support 
 
 

resources

resource libraryeventssupport groupspatient storiesshare your story
financial guidance

treatment costsinsurance coveragediscounts & financingivf refundclinical trials
find a doctorlocations





find a location  
 




chicago on chestnutchicago on kingsburyglenviewhinsdalehoffman estatesmokenavernon hillswarrenvilleout-of-town patients 
 

patient hub

patient portalonline bill payshare feedback
1-877-324-4483
search resources



 





get started
patient hub
locations
 








            schedule appointment        








 




your miracle. our mission.

how can we help?
  trying to conceive   
  egg freezing  
  egg donation  









why choose us?
proven medicine. amazing support.




world renowned doctors
11 physicians with more than 100 years of combined physician experience in infertility. 
learn more  



proven results
as leaders in the industry, we’ve helped welcome more than 42,000 babies and counting more everyday.
learn more  



counseling & support
counseling and support services are available to help you through this emotional journey. 
learn more  









patient stories
what our patients are saying










great listener, very thorough
dr. uhler heard me. she explained all the options but never made me feel pressured to do anything i wasn’t comfortable with.                  
jess                  













with us every step of the way
i appreciated dr. hobeika walking through every single process with us, coming up with a game plan.                   
madeline                  













two fci babies
with the guidance of dr. rapisarda, the work of the embryologists, doctors, nurses, and donor team, and the support of our insurance plan, we got the pieces in place and cracked that baby code two times.                  
rachel                  













thankful for my care team                  
dr. hobeika has been more than a doctor to me in these last few years. he holds a very special spot in my heart, not only because of his success with my pregnancies, but because of the support and empathy he has for his patients.                  
jackie                  













 read more stories 









 


resources
learn from our experts
















×











video  celebrating 2024







article  understanding ivf success rates















×











video  a day in the life of a fertility …





patient story  ashlie’s story





view all resources












our team
renowned doctors
fertility centers of illinois has been helping people grow their families for over 35 years. our 14 physicians serve thousands of patients each year with 42,000 babies born and counting.
meet our doctors






accreditated fertility practice
centers of excellence
the fertility centers of illinois® centers of excellence program focuses on our many areas of excellence in reproductive specialties. through careful evaluation and leveraging the most advanced technologies, we know what it takes to provide patients with the right information to help them make informed decisions about fertility treatment and other available options. as a valued patient, you will have access to one of the nation’s most experienced teams of fertility specialists and cutting-edge reproductive medicine solutions. our physicians are always at the forefront of the latest advances and techniques.
our locations












make an appointment today
schedule now










 






 
 















a proud partner of:
  





company
about fci
about us fertility
find a doctor
success rates
partners
physician resources
covid-19 information
careers
contact us
share your feedback



treatments
in vitro fertilization (ivf)
intrauterine insemination (iui)
invocell® (mini ivf)
egg freezing
male fertility
single parents
lgbtqia+ family building
oncofertility
gestational carrier
third-party reproduction
all treatments



 resources


financial guidance
treatment costs
insurance & financing
ivf refund
fertility treatment discounts
clinical trials

patient hub
patient portal login
pay your bill
share your story



locations
chicago on kingsbury
chicago on chestnut
glenview
hinsdale
hoffman estates
mokena
warrenville
vernon hills
out-of-town patients


 









2025 fertility centers of illinois 

privacy policies
terms & conditions
notice of privacy practices











also of interestbecome an egg donoregg freezingdonor egg 






























