











gutterman's jewish funeral homes new york, fl











































5618553441
5166991484




contact us
|   rockville centre
|    woodbury
|   brooklyn
|   boca raton, fl
  
6312142187
 
 










about

philip gutterman
steven kanowitz
kenneth lassman
patrick falletta
christopher m. tombline


services

current funeral services
services overview
memorial services
burial options
monuments
caskets (new york)
caskets (florida)
worldwide shipping
yahrzeit calendar


pre-planning

new york pre-plan
florida pre-planning


jewish funerals

funeral process
funeral practices
faq
testimonials


resources

jewish funeral or memorial service resources
how to write an obituary
understanding the jewish tradition called shiva
blog


 


select page


  
 



 



 










































immediate need



current funerals



new york pre-plan



florida pre-planning







immediate need

new york pre-plan



current funerals

florida pre-planning







immediate need


current funerals

new york pre-plan

florida pre-planning







gutterman’s & gutterman warheit funeral services








immediate need
if you have lost a loved one and have an immediate need, please call us as soon as possible.  read more








pre-planning
pre-planning in new yorkpre-planning in florida









meeting the needs of jewish families with compassion, dignity and respect
at gutterman’s & gutterman warheit, we have served the jewish communities in new york and florida for more than 125 years. we provide funeral, memorial and burial services for individuals and families in all jewish traditions. for us and for our staff, serving the needs of jewish families in times of grief and bereavement is a calling. we have been family owned and operated since we opened our firm in 1892. many of our employees have been with us for decades and some have spent their entire working lives on our team. 
we’ll take the time to listen, so that we understand exactly what you want and can honor your wishes. we’ll carefully answer all your questions and work hard to make certain you have the information you need to make the right decision. we are committed to full transparency—we’ll advise you of all potential costs upfront, so there are no surprises.
as a token of our respect and appreciation, we make a donation to the jewish national fund, so that a tree can be planted in israel in the name of your loved one.









a jewish funeral is an embracement of life




jewish funerals
information you may need to provide
to assist the rabbi and the funeral director, it is helpful to have the following information:


the name (including the hebrew name) of the deceased
the hebrew names of the deceased’s parents
the date and place of the deceased’s birth
the marital status of the deceased
the deceased’s address
the deceased’s educational achievements
veteran’s discharge papers, if applicable
the deceased’s social security number
the name and location of the cemetery, including the deed to the cemetery plot


read more







current and recent funeral and memorial services at gutterman’s & gutterman warheit
jewish funeral homes in new york and florida
we have been honored to assist members of the jewish communities in new york and florida with the funeral and/or memorial services listed below.



 
martin aronauer
	february 23, 2025

 
joanne silverman
	february 19, 2025

 
michael b. labrys
	february 19, 2025

 
geraldine safford
	february 18, 2025

 
irma kulakoff
	february 18, 2025

 
barbara maltz colodner
	february 16, 2025






see more recent services
 

our commitment—to ease your burden in your time of loss
at gutterman’s and gutterman warheit, with funeral chapels in new york and florida, we have provided professional, compassionate and transparent funeral services to jewish families for more than a century and a quarter. it’s always been a calling for us—we’ve been family owned and operated since we founded our firm in 1892. our employees take the same approach—many have been with us for decades and some have spent their entire careers helping us serve the jewish community.

we understand the specific rites and customs of each of the different jewish traditions, and will take the time to listen, so that we can discern your need and can help you arrange a funeral or memorial service that adheres to your traditions and honors your loved one. we expect that you’ll have questions—we’ll strive to provide clear and comprehensive answers and ensure that you have the necessary information to make the right decisions.
we will make a donation to the jewish national fund on your behalf, so that a tree can be planted in israel in your loved one’s name.
we can also help you preplan your funeral or memorial service in new york or florida.
let us lighten your load in your time of loss
to learn how we can help you or to retain our services, call one of the numbers listed below.   we are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to support and assist you.  we offer worldwide funeral shipping services.







comprehensive jewish funeral services
at gutterman’s and gutterman warheit, we have a thorough understanding of the rites and customs of the different jewish traditions. we will be present throughout the funeral process, offering guidance where appropriate and ensuring that all details are handled per your requirements. we will work with you and your rabbi to help you arrange a funeral or memorial service that honors your faith and your loved one. we will help you understand your burial options and will serve as your liaison with cemetery officials. we also offer a wide range of products to complement the funeral or memorial process, including caskets and monuments.































easing your burden in your time of loss
to learn more about the full range of services we offer, visit our services overview page.to speak directly to us or for immediate assistance after the passing of a loved one, call us direct at one of the numbers listed below.  we are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
gutterman’s & gutterman warheit — where relationships matter
family owned and operated since 1892










rockville centre
long island, new york contact us: 516.764.9400
 








woodbury
long island, new yorkcontact us: 516.921.5757








gutterman warheit boca raton florida
boca raton, forida
contact us: 561.997.9900 | 800.992.9262







brooklyn, new york
brooklyn: 718.284.1500








faqs



our directors





q: how do i start the process?
a: the first thing you should do after the passing of a loved one is call your synagogue and inform your rabbi. your rabbi should provide guidance with funeral arrangements, but will also work directly with your funeral director. tell your rabbi that you want to have us handle the details. if you don’t have a rabbi, we can help you engage one. read more




philip gutterman
steven kanowitz
kenneth lassman
patrick falletta





stewart gutterman*
michael jacobson*
howard c. kotkin*
robert sherman*
elliott wolfe*


*of blessed memory








faqs

who will conduct the service? when and where will the service be?
it is important to make these decisions jointly with the rabbi and the funeral director. do not give friends and relatives the time and place of a funeral or memorial service until both the rabbi and the funeral director have confirmed the time and place. read more





our directors






philip gutterman
steven kanowitz
kenneth lassman
patrick falletta





stewart gutterman*
michael jacobson*
howard c. kotkin*
robert sherman*
elliott wolfe*


*of blessed memory













home | services | ny pre-plan | pre-planning fl | jewish funeral practices | jewish funeral process | monuments | burial | resources | blog | contact


locations in new york and florida



 

 





rockville centre, long island
175 n. long beach road
rockville centre, ny 11570
telephone: 516.764.9400woodbury, long island
8000 jericho turnpike
woodbury, ny 11797
telephone: 516.921.5757brooklyn, new york

1283 coney island avenue
brooklyn, ny 11230
telephone: 718.284.1500boca raton, florida
gutterman warheit memorial chapel
7240 north federal highway
boca raton, fl 33487
serving miami-dade • broward • palm beach • martin counties
telephone: 800.992.9262 or 561.997.9900 



© 2023 gutterman's inc | design by drh inc & web perseverance  | privacy policy  

 
 
 


 

 







 



