


  












home | jack martin & associates insurance










    skip to main content




         


search






      contact us
  
             solutions    yacht insurance     boat insurance     charter insurance     offshore cruising       about us    about us     our team     alera group     our office     testimonials       resources    client photos     faqs     news & info     claims       get a quote      solutions    yacht insurance     boat insurance     charter insurance     offshore cruising       about us    about us     our team     alera group     our office     testimonials       resources    client photos     faqs     news & info     claims       get a quote    
    contact us
 
         


search






       
 


     jack martin & associates      get a quote          
      at jack martin & associates, we've been providing premier yacht, boat, and marine insurance since 1929. catering to clients across the united states and the world and with decades of marine-related experience, we are the aquatic insurance experts. our independent agents offer comprehensive coverage options for new and existing boat and yacht owners. specializing exclusively in boat, yacht, and commercial marine insurance, we provide a level of service that is unmatched. we are built on the character of our team and are committed to the success and financial stability of our clients, providing the utmost care in marine insurance.what is marine insurance?yacht, boat, and marine insurance are types of liability coverage for your aquatic property. your coverage will depend on your property, lifestyle, and insurance needs. marine insurance covers not only damage to your vessel but also bodily injury and personal property on the boat. boats are considered to be 26 feet or smaller, while yachts are considered 27 feet or larger, which impacts the type of insurance you will receive. typically, yacht coverage is broader, more specialized, and more comprehensive due to the vessel's value, likelihood of traveling further, and more prospected time spent on board. while most policies do not include general wear and tear of your marine vessel, they are crucial in the event of costly damage.why do i need marine insurance?much like your home and car, your marine vessel is also an important investment. to ensure the utmost protection - and more financial stability in the event of damage - insurance is a sound solution. stay protected in the event of theft, damage, or bodily injury with a marine insurance policy. whether your boat or yacht is for personal or commercial use, insurance may come in handy. there are a number of risks your vessel may face, from extreme weather to collisions and more. marine insurance can keep you afloat, even when your vessel can't. some marinas or storage facilities require marine insurance to keep your boat on the property.why jack martin & associates?our team of licensed professionals will help you decide on a policy that fits your needs. the cost of your marine insurance depends on a variety of factors, including:the vessel's valuemotor sizeyour usagegeographic locationthe team at jack martin & associates will work with you in determining the best plan for your vessel and circumstances. passionate about the water, our team treats every client as a member of the family. our values of integrity, responsiveness, and professionalism are more deeply rooted, translating to unparalleled customer care for you.jack martin & associates is a part of alera group. as an alera group company, we have access to the resources, technical expertise and best practices of a large national firm, while maintaining our personalized, local relationships. the innovative culture of alera group allows us to collaborate with national partners to expertly meet your unique needs.to learn more about alera group, visit aleragroup.com or follow them on facebook, twitter (@aleragroupus) or linkedin (@aleragroup). 
    







             
    follow us              
        © 2025 alera group, inc. all rights reserved. deerfield, il.      privacy policy      legal disclosures      form crs         












