








quality cat furniture, cat condos & cat trees made in the usa

































































 













skip to content




 






home
about us
products

about our products
small
double tier
triple tier
quadruple tier
large
extra large
mega displays


store locator

find a retailer
become a retailer
become a distributor


shop now
contact us
menu



search for:












 
slide 1the furniture your cat would ask for, if your cat could talk.                           
slide 2proudly made in the usa.
slide 3our cat products are built to last, with strong, sturdy and durable materials.
 



 







quality cat furniture, cat condos and cat trees


molly and friends has been a leading u.s. manufacturer of handmade, premium cat furniture since 1997. our products promote a level of excellence through the care and quality standards of each individual item. when it comes to the concern of cats and their owners, we stand behind our product line and know we retain the integrity of building furniture that is durable, safe and fun! molly and friends cat furniture is proudly made in the usa.


 
 
new products


     
 
chimney sweep
the chimney sweep is an imaginative tower of fun for any cat. the tall center pole is wrapped in sisal for those “digging in” moments while five comfy beds and a myriad of climbing options promote excellent exercise and entertainment!



     
 
picasso
the picasso has a whimsical, artistic flair that adds interest to the home while remaining a safe and fun experience for any cat. with three fun multi-directional cradles and two cozy beds, you can have fun customizing with colors and creating a cat0-friendly work of art!



     
 
stairway
the stairway is a comfortable option for cats that love cozy hangouts. four multi-tiered beds allow for great climbing adventures and a variety of places to cuddle up and lounge the day away!

no retailers near you? orders can be placed directly through agri feed pet supply or by calling us at 865-584-3959. we are open monday through saturday, 9am to 6:30pm est.
  




leave a replyyou must be logged in to post a comment. 










a siteorigin theme


1хбет зеркало открывает доступ к тем же функциям и возможностям, что и основной сайт. вы можете делать ставки и использовать все преимущества платформы без ограничений.تقدم 1xbet مكافآت ترحيبية سخية لجميع العملاء الجدد. يمكن لهذه المكافآت أن تعزز من فرصك في الربح من البداية.müxtəlif platformaları yoxladım və mostbet mənim üçün ən etibarlı oldu.




















