







home healthcare, hospice & community services - hcs














































 






skip to content








locations in keene, charlestown, & peterborough 

we’re hiringcontact us(603) 352-2253donate 










 services nutrition for seniors friendly mealsmeals on wheelshealthy starts home visitingfamily resource centeradditional resourceshospice bereavement servicespartner facilitiesvolunteerwhat is hospice?transportation city expressfriendly busmedical transportationpara expressadatitle vivisiting nurses nursinghome supportpalliative caretherapiesfoot clinicresources make a referralwalk-in wednesdayscommunity support offeringsabout us board of directorsleadership teamcalendarcommunity benefitsfaqsservice area mapbloggive volunteer opportunitiesplanned givingdonate to hcsbutterfly releaseorder memorial stonescareers job openingsemployee benefitscontact us 


search for:










 









search for:






















homehcs2025-01-28t15:51:30-05:00 
quality. local. care.home healthcare, hospice & community services (hcs) delivers “five star” care for all ages and at all stages of life – wherever in southwestern nh you call home!
learn more >quality. local. care.
home healthcare, hospice & community services (hcs) delivers “five star” care for all ages and at all stages of life – wherever in southwestern nh you call home!
learn moreknow us before you need us
when you need the best of care in the comfort of home, you need hcs.  for more than 116+ years, hcs has been the home care provider of choice for the people of southwestern new hampshire. hcs is more than you can imagine.
0towns in the hcs service area
from locations in keene, charlestown, & peterborough, hcs brings health, independence, and care to our friends and neighbors throughout southwestern new hampshire. home care services are available in private homes, as well as nursing and long-term care facilities.
0+years serving local people & communities
hcs has its roots in the visiting nurse associations that began locally in 1907. hcs has remained committed to meeting the home health needs of our local communities while keeping up with the changing healthcare landscape in the state and nation.
0people helped
every year
hcs brings health, independence, and well-being through a wide range of home care and community services. find out how we can help you and your loved ones by emailing us or dropping in for free, off-the-record, no-commitment advice on walk-in wednesdays!
our programs
the mission of home healthcare, hospice & community services (hcs) is to provide services which enable people to function throughout life at their optimal level of health, well-being and independence, according to their personal beliefs and choices.
hospice
holistic approach to end-of-life care, focusing on enhancing quality of life and offering physical, emotional, and spiritual comfort to patients and their families.
learn morevisiting nurses
when a vna nurse, social worker, therapist, or caregiver arrives at your door, you can expect expert compassionate care. your home care team will be there for you and your loved ones to provide caring support and assistance.
learn morehealthy starts
the healthy starts program “invests early” in children and families to promote health, stability, and resiliency.
learn moretransportation
hcs offers transportation programs to assist people to get to medical appointments and other daily activities.
learn morenutrition for seniors
delivering nutritious prepared meals for home bound adults and seniors and congregate nutrition for seniors in keene, jaffrey, marlow, north walpole & more.
learn moreevents at hcs
stay up-to-date on all the latest hcs’ happenings. don’t miss out!
learn morevolunteer
are you looking for a unique and meaningful way to give of your time? find out how to volunteer at hcs.
learn moremake a donation
hcs relies on community support to close the gap for many of our services. we welcome your help – it will mean so much to our friends & neighbors in need.
learn morefrom the community

“thank you for all you do to help clients maintain their dignity in their last days as well as assisting their loved ones in time of grief.”

“keep up the good work!  you took care of my mother in 1956; i might need you someday.”

“without your continued service, i’m not sure how much longer i would be able to allow my parents the continued independent living conditions.”

“you’ve helped us through the toughest times of our lives and still fight to keep us strong.”

“from the bottom of our hearts, we thank you for all that you do day in and day out in helping to care for our loved ones.”
latest news & eventsstay up-to-date on all the latest blog articles, hcs’ news, and events.
hcs blogupcoming events





 




share your experiencehcs2025-01-16t10:13:12-05:00january 16th, 2025|uncategorized|read more



meet hospice nurse nancy folsomhcs2025-01-07t23:23:56-05:00january 7th, 2025|hcs news, hospice care|read more

friendly meals at keene senior centerfebruary 18, 2025 @ 12:00 pm - 1:00 pmfriendly meals at united church of jaffreyfebruary 19, 2025 @ 11:30 am - 12:30 pmview event calendar



 
 





about hcsabout us
calendar
frequently asked questions
service area map
careers
contact us
 

supportgiving to hcs
volunteer opportunities
donate
resourcesresources at hcs
community support offerings
walk-in wednesdays
 

programshealthy starts
hospice
nutrition for seniors
transportation
visiting nurses
wellness programs








 

from locations in keene, charlestown, & peterborough, hcs brings health, independence, and care to our friends and neighbors throughout southwestern new hampshire.
603-352-2253
800-541-4145

 

 
 
 





		©  home healthcare hospice & community services (hcs) | privacy


 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 
























































































 


go to top




