












breaking news, news commentary and news chronicle. news1.net -
   news and photographic image archive. global news with an emphasis on
   new york city. frank x. didik












 










news1
www.news1.net
business
                • economic • events • reference





photo
                archives
over
                300,000 photographs
24/7
                photo - video news service

worlds
                largest on-line photographic archive covering new york city.





news1
breaking
news








news1.net media/press
                login |
                license
                a photograph 
               | custom
                photograph 24/7 | popular
                photographic and editorial databases: frank
                didik editorial photo archives |
                stock
                film footage database 
               | new
                york photo archive 
               | art
                and culture |
                new product reviews - first look |
                full
                travel section travel
                quick links: paris 
               | croatia 
               | asia |
                japan 
               | taiwan | tropics 
               | for
                other locations, go to travel
                section | celebrities: celebrities 
               | celebrities
                in 3d stereo |
                formal
                events |
                crowds 
               | furniture | new
                york city: new
                york city | nyc
                skyline 
               | around new york town | washington
                square park | meat
                market 
               | chinatown 
               | times
                square area 
               | central
                park | dumbo
                | rockefeller center | nyc
                at night 
               | nyc
                bridges 
               | city
                hall area 
               | nyc
                building photographs |
                soho | nyc
                in the winter 
               | midtown 
               | nyc
                building photo index 
               | store fronts | 1960's |
                nyc bars & clubs |world
                trade center archives | people
                | historic events | technology: cars
                | electric
                cars | alternative
                energy 
               | virtual
                reality city 
               | city
                scapes 
               | police
                supervised events: police
                supervised events 
               | blackout 
               | political
                demonstrations 
               | hurricane irene | protest
                marches | review
                samples of our nyc stock photographs | building
                owners in nyc |
                photograph index | prior years

news1.net
            to
            report a news event or story, request 24/7 press access, or purchase 
           or license a photograph,
            commission a program or documentary, video or photography or any 
           other topic, please contact news1.net at: inq
            [ at ] news1.net or call










commentary,
                    chronicle 
                   and breaking news
breaking news 
                   and commentary. frank
                    x. didik/editorial board
new
                    york city and important world news
just
                    the facts. you decide what to believe.
                    however, much of you think,
do
                    and say, what you wear and how you live is taught to you by the media.

the
                    "news" is an entertainment industry, with an added 
                   function of forming public opinion.
news
                    is not a public information service. truth is hate for those who 
                   hate the truth.

news briefs
original on site 
                   reporting with additional content.
a
                    million plus people a month can't
                    be wrong!

news1.net
                    has
                    never accepted money from usaid and we are for a free 
press
                    and we are opposed to government manipulation of the press.

 

february
                    2, 2025 u.s. president donald j. trump has suspended the united 
                   states federal agency, usaid for at least 90 days. it has been 
                   reported that the usaid has manipulated and funded journalists and 
                   news outlets world wide, including in the united states, to the tune 
                   of hundreds of millions of dollars. this clearly has the potential to 
                   control the news and manipulate the people. 

january
                    20, 2025 12:40pm president trump has ended is extremely well 
                   received speech and has said "god bless america", which 
                   american have very much respected. for many years, the united states 
                   has been sliding into atheism and this was particularly well received.

january
                    20, 2025 12:35pm newly reelected president trump is still speaking, 
                   however he has already promised the following.



to
                     reduce inflation and taxes by taxing imports.
to
                     rehire all u.s. military personal, with back pay, who were 
                    discharged for not taking the experimental covid vaccine.
to
                     return the name of mount mckinley
to
                     rename the gulf of mexico, golf of america
to
                     land a man on mars
to
                     regain the panama canal
eliminated
                     the electric vehicle mandate
eliminate
                     the so called green new deal
hire
                     the most able people, no hiring only for the image of inclusion, 
                    thus ending so called "wokeness".
demanding
                     a new federal law to define a man and a woman by their biological 
                    birth sex.
all
                     federal workers must report and work in person at the federal office.
withdraw
                     from the paris climate treaty
ordering
                     all federal agencies not to weaponize their powers against political adversaries.
ordering
                     all federal agencies to be open in their activities and not to 
                    interfere with free speech.
after
                     signing the following rules with a different pen, president trump 
                    threw each of the pens into the crowd!


january
                    20, 2025 thousands of palestinian hostages, held by israel, 
                   consisting mainly of children and elderly men and women, have been 
                   released by israel in exchange for 33 israeli hostages and prisoners 
                   taken on october 7, 2023.

january
                    20, 2025 8:00 am many senior state department diplomats have handed 
                   in their resignation, effective at 12 noon today, as instructed to do 
                   so by president elect donald trumps aids.

january
                    20, 2025 7:45 am president biden issued "preemptive 
                   pardons" early this morning to a number of people including 
                   general milley, dr. fouci, police officers who testified at the 
                   january 6 "insurrection hearings" and to the panel members 
                   themselves. president biden stressed that the individuals did not do 
                   anything wrong, though some may disagree. many questions arise from 
                   these pardons for people who have yet to be charged with a crime. 
                   also, can the pardons be rescinded by president elect trump, after he 
                   is sworn as the 47 president later today.

january
                    20, 2025 president elect donald j. trump will be sworn in as the 47 
                   president of the united states at 12 noon in washington dc. mr. trump 
                   also served as president of the united states from 2016 to 2020 as 
                   the 45 president of the united states. this separation is not unheard 
                   of since president grover cleveland also served two similar terms, 
                   with grover cleveland, the unpopular benjamin harris and grover 
                   cleveland again in the late 1800s, as 22 president from 1885 to 1889 
                   and again as 24 president from 1893 to 1897. because of the extremely 
                   cold weather, mr. trump will be sworn in inside of the nations 
                   capital, rather than outside. this also happened 40 years ago with 
                   the swearing in of former president ronald reagan.

january
                    19, 2025 israel and palestine have come to a cease fire agreement 
                   and to release some of the thousands of palestinian hostages and 33 
                   israeli hostages. some feel that israel was compelled to do this 
                   since with mr. trump tomorrow again being president, that mr. trump 
                   may well have been stronger with the israeli's.

january
                    19, 2025 new york city and the entire east coast was hit by a winter 
                   snowstorm and dropping temperatures this evening. many media pundits 
                   claimed that nyc would be blanketed by 6" of snow, however the 
                   snow accumulation was less than 1". the national weather service 
                   however predicted 1" to 3". unfortunately some media 
                   outlets tend to exaggerate stories.

january
                    18, 2025 president elect has decided to conduct his swearing in 
                   ceremony on january 20 indoors do the extreme cold expected in 
                   washington dc on that day. the last time the swearing in ceremony 
                   occurred indoors was over 40 years ago.

january
                    15, 2025 congestion pricing has significantly reduced vehicle 
                   traffic in manhattan below sixtieth street. this has also meant a 
                   decline in shoppers, diners, and sales tax revenue. obviously any 
                   congestion can be reduced by simply eliminating the under used bike 
                   lanes that reduce street traffic for cars that pay tax for the roads 
                   and also to restore the more realistic 30 miles per hour speed limit.

january
                    14, 2025 congestion pricing continues to outrage many new yorkers. 
                   everything is going up in price. taxi's, deliveries, and much more. 
                   the mta claims a reduced traffic figure of 16%, or 273,000 fewer 
                   vehicles on the road, however one may also consider that this also 
                   means, 273,000 fewer shoppers.

january
                    14, 2025 it was announced by her family that anita bryant had passed 
                   away on december 16, 2024. she was 84 years old. anita bryant was a 
                   famous actress, singer and beauty queen. bryant was born in 
                   barnsdeall, oklahoma. she appeared on the arthur godfrey talent show 
                   and won the contest when she was 18 years old. she was then the 
                   runner up in the 1959 miss america pageant. she went on to become a 
                   very popular singer. she was perhaps best known for representing the 
                   florida citrus commission and her any tv commercials pushing orange 
                   juice. in 1977, bryant started a campaign against the acceptance of 
                   homosexuals that she felt were a threat to children and violated her 
                   christian beliefs. as a result of her traditional christian stance, 
                   mrs bryant lost most of her endorsements, tv commercials and was 
                   effectively black listed from hollywood.

january
                    13, 2025 tens of thousand of homes have been destroyed in the wild 
                   fires of california, over the past two weeks. further 26 people are 
                   known to have lost their lives. unfortunately, there are reports of 
                   wide spread looting, and price gauging against the evacuees.

january
                    12, 2025 it has come out that la had cut the budget of the la fire 
                   department by 46 million dollars. further, the reservoir's are now 
                   dry, even though the voters in california had voted 7 years ago to 
                   increase the water supply. california governor newsom and la mayor 
                   are being blamed for what is being called as being unprepared for the 
                   fires, with calls for them to resign.

january
                    12, 2025 massive wild fires in california around the la area, 
                   continue to destroy large areas. so far an estimated 35,000 acres 
                   have been destroyed. one square mile is 640 acres, thus 54 square 
                   miles has been destroyed. central park in manhattan is about 700 acres.

january
                    8, 2025 donald trump has again mentioned that he wants greenland, 
                   which is presently a territory of denmark, to become a part of the 
                   united states. this would not be the first time that denmark has sold 
                   land to the united states. the us virgin islands were purchased from 
                   denmark for $25 million dollars. donald trump has also mentioned that 
                   he wants the panama canal back. president jimmy carter gave the canal 
                   to panama during his controversial administration. mr. trump also, 
                   part in jest, suggested that canada become a part of the united 
                   states and that the gulf of mexico be renamed, "the gulf of 
                   america". in response, the president of mexico suggested 
                   renaming the usa, "mexico america"!

january
                    7, 2025 today is christmas day for many orthodox christian groups, 
                   using the julian calender. it is also the epiphany or three kings day 
                   for most of the other christian/catholic groups.






































january 6, 2025 new york and the 
                   entire eastern part of the united states is experiencing a cold 
                   spell, hovering around 32f/0c. what ever happened to the promised 
                   global warming that would have freed up millions of acres up north 
                   for farming and would have reduced heating costs?

january 5, 2025 the immensely 
                   unpopular, so called "congestion pricing " has come into 
                   effect. all cars, vans, trucks and motorcycles entering into 
                   manhattan below 60 street will be charged a toll. for cars, the toll 
                   will be $9.00 per day, though scheduled to increase to $16.00 per day 
                   in two years. allegedly the money will be used to improve the subway 
                   and for the construction of the extension of the second avenue 
                   subway. it is expected that between 1.2 and 2 billion dollars per 
                   year, will be confiscated from from drivers into the hands of the 
                   mta. some are calling it a money grab, others a scam, while yet 
                   others, a war on the middle class. regarding congestion, the highly 
                   under used bicycle lanes have reduced the road area by 30 percent, 
                   yet bicycles are not insured, do not pay road tax and are used 
                   primarily by fit people under the age of 45. the bike lanes are 
                   hardly used in the winter or in bad weather. another reason for the 
                   slowing down of traffic is the ill advised "vision zero" 
                   which has reduced the speed limit of cars from 30 miles per hour to 
                   only 25 miles per hour. today is not the freedom that america had 
                   prior to 1965.

january 3, 2025 president elect 
                   donald j. trump will not face jail time or any fine in the "hush 
                   money" trail, a new york judge has ruled. however the judge did 
                   not throw out the conviction that many feel was a political vendetta 
                   and thus mr. trump will be the first sitting president convicted of a felony.

january 2, 2025 the new orleans 
                   terror attack from december 31, 2024 killed 14 people and injured 32. 
                   the driver is a former u.s. military man who apparently became a self 
                   described isis follower.

january 1, 2025 a tesla 
                   cybertruck exploded in front of the trump hotel in las vegas. it is 
                   believed that only the driver was killed. it is not known if the 
                   explosion was a terrorist attack or simply fireworks in the trunk 
                   that exploded.

january
                    1, 2025! happy new year! let 
                   us hope and pray for global peace and a quick end to the suffering 
                   caused by the israeli-palestinian war and the suffering caused by the 
                   russian-ukrainian war.

december 31, 
                   2024 in what seems to be a terrorist attack, a man drove a pickup 
                   truck into a crowd in new orleans and killed an estimated 15 people 
                   and injured 35 people.

december 30, 
                   2024 president jimmy carter, who passed away in plains georgia, his 
                   life long town.
in the four 
                   years that former president carter will be remembered for:



reinstituting
                     draft registration for all 18 year olds.
22%
                     inflation
making
                     business treaties with china that allowed many american industrial 
                    companies to fire their u.s. workers and move operations to china.
for
                     promoting the neutron bomb, that is a type of atomic bomb that gives 
                    off dangerous neutron radiation that kills people but leave cities 
                    and buildings largely intact
for
                     pulling the united states out of the russian olympics and this led 
                    to massive diplomatic conflict with russia
for
                     the 1977 oil shortage that left almost all american's with very 
                    limited gasoline.
for
                     the iranian hostage situation and for his completely failed hostage 
                    rescue operation that left a number of u.s. service men dead.
for
                     giving blanket amnesty for u.s. draft dodgers during the vietnam war.
for
                     giving away the american built panama canal
there
                     are many other things that can be mentioned, however space prohibits 
                    his full profile.


he
                     also oversaw and insisted on the peace treaty between egypt and 
                    israel, which has lasted now for over 45 years. he was at the airport 
                    in israel and then made a speech that the egyptians wanted peace, but 
                    that israel did not. at the last minute, menace bagen and his cabinet 
                    sent a messenger to president carters airplane and said come back and 
                    the treaty was sighed. many people believed that mr. carter was about 
                    to cut off aid or greatly curtail aid to israel, had the treaty not 
                    been signed. many further believe that without the support of 
                    america, israel may not be able to continue to exist.


we
                    pray for his soul and give our sympathy to his family.

december 29, 
                   2024 former united states jimmy
                    carter dead at 100 years old. mr 
                   carter was the longest living united states president.

december 25, 
                   2024 merry christmas to the 1.5 billion christians celebrating 
                   christmas today!

                   december 24, 2024 today is christmas eve, the traditional beginning 
                   of the 12 days of christmas. christmas on december 25, is celebrated 
                   by over 1.5 billion people worldwide. some of the orthodox 
                   christians, still celebrate christmas on january7, which is also 
                   known as the epiphany or the three kings day.

                   december 24, 2024 according to the catholic magazine, "the 
                   tablet", europe has been cancelling christmas for many years, by 
                   allowing non europeans to migrate to europe. the majority of these 
                   people are not assimilating into the traditional european culture. 
                   click on the
                    tablet for more information.

                   december 23, 2024 panama has rejected president elect donald trumps 
                   idea of taking back the panama canal.

                   december 23, 2024 president elect donald j. trump has stated that he 
                   plans to try to make greenland a territory of the united states. 
                   greenland presently is owned by denmark, however greenland is 
                   considered a part of the north america. during world war 2, greenland 
                   was indeed under the control of the united states. mr. trump has also 
                   mentioned his desire to regain the panama canal, that former 
                   president jimmy carter gave to panama.

                   december 22, 2024 a united states navy advanced f-18 aircraft carrier 
                   based fighter was shot down in the red sea. the united states 
                   government claims that the aircraft was shot down accidentally by 
                   "friendly fire". both navy men aboard the plane were 
                   recovered alive from the red sea.

                   december 22, 2024 a yemen hypersonic missile has hit the center of 
                   the israeli city of tel aviv.

                   december 21, 2024 update on the magdeburg, germany christmas market 
                   massacre. it has now been revealed that 5 people have died and over 
                   100 people injured by the saudi arabian doctor terrorist, who drove 
                   his car into the packed market place.

                   december 20, 2024 magdeburg germany. a terrorist, said to be a 50 
                   year old muslim doctor from saudi arabia, who is said to have lived 
                   in germany since 2006, has driven a car in a packed german christmas 
                   market, killing at least 11 christmas shoppers and injuring over 80 
                   people. magdeburg is a city of 240,000 people, west of berlin.

                   december 20, 2024 president biden has forgiven 4.3 billion dollars in 
                   student loans. this money, that was owed to the american taxpayers, 
                   will now be spread among all taxpayers. students who have already 
                   paid off their school debt will not be refunded.

 












prior
                        years
an excellent selection of photographs
                        and commentary, primarily from
                        new york city:

main
                        page and index to more recent months

2024
                        full year
2023
                        full year
2022
                        full year
christmas
                        season 2021
holloween
                        october
                        2021 september
                        october 2021
july
                        august 2021 defeat
                        in afghanistan, nyc vax passport, new rules to prevent unvaccinated 
                       from entering restuarants, social events
june
                        2021 new york opens up for summer and about the tokyo olympics
late
                        may 2021 nyc
                        is coming back to life.
early
                        may 2021 
                       covid hysteria is dying down and people are beginning to live life
april
                        2021 nyc and the world
march
                        2021 life
                        in nyc getting back to a new normal
february
                        2021 snow,
                        cold, people getting used to the so called "new normal". 
                       relative calm in nyc
january
                        2021 
                       protests around the united states including in washington dc, nyc 
                       snow storms, eating outside in the cold in nyc
christmas
                        time 2020 christmas
                        time 2020, election results between donald trump and joe biden, 
                       protests and more
summer
                        and fall 2020 
                       happenings around new york city in relative calm
may
                        and june 2020 massive
                        protests, looting and rioting by the groups antifa and black lives 
                       matter. also shows the after effects of a boarded up city.
march
                        and april 2020 
                       an empty, silent new york city from march and april, 2020
earlier
                        months and years
photographic
                        index from around the world
early
                        new york city building photographs from 1995 to 2005 (pre street view)
prior
                        years covering covid news






frank
                didik photo-design
                websites: new
                york: nycinpictures.com
                news1.net
                asia: asia1.info
                design: design1.org
photograph index
 tel:
                +1 
exit
                program |
                product
                photography samples |
                photography assignments 24/7 | contact
video
                footage a limited amount of modern and historic video footage is 
               available for tv programs.




nyc
                    building photoindex index  photographs
                    of buildings, one after another this 
                   incredible archive contains almost 100,000 photographs of buildings 
                   in manhattan
world
                    trade center
dumbo 
                   (down under the manhattan bridge
rockefeller
                    center



city
                    scapes
nyc
                    at night
nyc
                    bridges

city
                    hall area
soho
alternate
                    energy
crowds
police
                    supervised events
nyc
                    skyline
washington
                    square park
formal
                    events







product
                        photography jewelry cosmetics




blackout
meat
                    market
chinatown
times
                    square area night, summer, winter
central
                    park
various
                    political demonstrations
nyc
                    in the winter
midtown
stock
                    video film footage
architectural
interiors


japan
hawaii
paris
croatia
celebrities
celebrities 
                   in 3d stereo!
 world
                    trade center horror
asia
taiwan
tropics



custom
                    photograph 24/7
electric
                    cars
food
                    photography
world
                    trade center archives
contact
                    info





on-line
                        links
alternative
                        energy
www.nycinpictures.com
www.news1.net
www.asia1.info
historic
                        asia
www.design1.org



other
                categories: people
                | children | fashion | advertising, branding and marketing | animals 
               | workplace | office | construction | sports | automobiles | aircraft 
               | stairs | windows | doors | holidays | shopping | sales | seasons | contact




 



news1
opinion

according
            to mark twain (samuel clemens), if you do not read the news, you 
           will be uninformed, but if you do read the news, you will be misinformed.

freedom
            of the press
recent public 
           disclosures have indicated that the united states government, 
           operating under the federal agency usaid, has been giving funds to as 
           many as 7,000 journalists and hundreds of news outlets across the 
           globe, including in the united states. published reports indicate 
           that the bbc receives millions of dollars per year from usaid, 
           amounting to over 8% of their budget. further, it is alleged that the 
           new york times, among others, have also received millions of dollars 
           from usaid. the problem of government arbitrarily giving money to 
           news outlets is the potential to manipulate the news and to influence 
           foreigners and american's alike. if it turns out that this funding is 
           accurate, this amounts to creating the news narrative and the 
           potential for the the readers to be steered or influenced to the 
           governments perspective. news1.net is 100% opposed to government 
           manipulation of the press and we have never, nor will we ever accept 
           government payoffs. we are for a free press.

subway
            barriers: new
            york, ny january 21, 2022 with falling and being pushed onto the 
           subway tracks becoming a daily occurrence, it is time to promptly 
           install subway barriers / gates on all 480 subway and elevated 
           stations. frank didik, who has been desperately pushing subway gates 
           to the mta and other agencies since over a decade points out that 
           hundreds of people could have been saved over this period of time. 
           further, thousands of people could have been spared hideous, life 
           transforming injuries, including by mta workers. further, the mta 
           could have avoided paying out hundreds of millions of dollars in 
           liability, that could have already paid for the entire subway gate system.

subway
            safety-subway gate every year hundreds of people are 
           killed or severely injured when they fall onto the tracks of trains 
           and subways. the prevention is cost efficient and greatly reduces liability ...
            read
            more ...



greatly
            reduce train noise a significant 
           amount of train noise is caused by the train wheels rolling over the 
           expansion joint of the tracks. this vibration creates noise, 
           vibrations, an less pleasant ride and also reduces the life cycle of 
           the train. the solution is relatively simple and cost effective..read
            more

sunglasses
            dangerous?
sunglasses
            reduces reaction time, since it takes 
           longer for the brain to process a darker image then a well lit image. 
           this could lead to potentially dangerous situations. some early 
           stereo 3d systems used a dark glass and a lighter glass for two 
           different eyes to achieve the 3d effect, though polarized glasses are 
           more common.

cell
            phone etiquette
advice for the modern person -
            december 9,
            2016 read
            more

time
            to rethink bike lanes
advice for bicyle based cities
 - august
            3,
            2016 read
            more


from the right, 
           frank didik, dr. eric bitterman, chairman of deutche welle, dr. 
           jachem reppmann, and publisher walter at the von steuben formal event 
           in new york city. though frank didik does not have any german 
           background, he enjoys the inginuety and drive of the german people.

frank
            x. didik with former nyc mayor bill deblasio and first lady chirlane 
           mccray, at gracy mansion. former
            mayor deblasio served two terms in office and then as per term 
           limits, had to leave office at the end of his second term. mr 
           deblasio original birth name (may 8, 1961) was warren wilhelm jr. and 
           later used the name warren de blasio-wilhelm and then finally adapted 
           his mother's maiden name deblasio and today is commonly known as bill 
           deblasio. mr.deblasio was succeeded as mayor on jnuary 1st, 2022 by 
           new mayor eric adams, who became new york city's 110 mayor.

new
            york city is not ready for congestion pricing. the 
           sensors that bill vehicles, are only at the entrance points in 
           manhattan and thus can only bill incoming cars, not cars already in 
           manhattan. thus, presently, only outsiders will be billed for tolls. 
           new york city is one city, consisting of manhattan (borough of new 
           york), brooklyn (kings), queens, staten island (richmond) and the 
           bronx. shouldn't every new yorker have free access to all parts of 
           the city? didn't the unification of brooklyn with manhattan in 1897 
           specify this as being one city?

congestion
            pricing favors the upper income people and will 
           significantly reduce local business, while pushing middle class 
           drivers to shop elsewhere that does not have this burdensome tax. 
           ultimately this will work against the city.

social
            media or vanity media with the development of the so 
           called smart phone, a new phenomenon of "social media" has 
           developed that caters to the vanity and inner ego of millions read
            more

bicycle
            lanes favors the young and healthy, while inconveniencing 
           older citizens, drivers and delivery trucks. further, for the most 
           part, they are rarely utilized during the winter months... read
            more

fact
            checkers "fact checkers" present an opinion 
           rather than absolute fact. further,
            who will fact check the fact checkers"? recently read
            more

 

time
            to start enforcing the laws covering motorcycles,
            powered bicycles and powered scooters:

the laws covering 
           motor vehicles (gas, steam, electric), must be enforced including 
           having proper registration, insurance and make sure that the driver 
           has a proper drivers license and skill to drive the motorcycle. nyc 
           has become like the wild west. here we see unregistered, uninsured, 
           motorcycles and their unlicensed riders, using the bicycle lane over 
           the manhattan bridge. electric scooters are extremely dangerous but 
           are very popular. they really are unlicensed, unregistered 
           motorcycles. originally the state of new york, vehicle traffic and 
           safety laws permitted human/motorized hybrid vehicles, primarily 
           wheelchairs, for disabled people, including veterans after the 
           vietnam war. but now the rule is completely abused.

2024
            opinions

2023
            full year

other
            viewpoints and perspectives.



news1
op-ed

in
            1826, john quinsy adams, the president of the united states, was 
           asked about the freedom of
the
            press. he responded "it wasn't in the past, it isn't now, 
           but i sure hope it will be in the future".

new york 
           city has lost its vibrancy. as
            a result of the money grab "congestion pricing", nyc at 
           night is empty, similar to during the covid histaria. one can only 
           assume that businesses are losing a huge amount of money and that 
           sales tax revenue is down and as an added blow, the value of real 
           estate will also decline. "congestion pricing" is killing 
           the city.

congestion
            pricing. if
            to reduce traffic congestion was really the purpose of the $9 toll 
           to enter manhattan below 60th street, the easiest method would be to eliminate
            the highly under used bicycle lanes 
           and abandon the 25 mile per hour reduced speed limit and go back to 
           the 30 miles per hour limit. regarding bicycle lanes, on narrow 
           streets, they reduce the roads from two to one lane. in other areas, 
           such as on 8th avenue and 32 street, the bike lanes cause traffic 
           jams by reducing the road from 6 lanes to only 3 lanes. the bike 
           lanes are hardly used when the weather is bad. it is doubtful that 
           any new yorker wants the city to fall to the level of london.

medical
            business
since
            the recent cold blooded murder of the ceo of united health, which is 
           the largest private for profit medical insurance company in america, 
           many questions have emerged regarding the medical business. as it 
           turns out, many medical insurance claims are turned down, leaving the 
           patient to pay the bill themselves. the patient may have paid medical 
           insurance for years, thinking that they are protected, only to have 
           their claim denied. according to some published sources, united 
           health has the highest denial rate in the industry with an estimated 
           32% of the claims denied. other private medical insurance companies 
           are not far behind. in the case of "managed care" programs, 
           such as medicare advantage, many people on medicare are tempted to 
           sign over their direct medicare and go with the private insurance 
           companies. with medicare advantage, a person must use the insurance 
           company approved doctors and even then, some of the medical 
           procedures must be approved by the medical insurance business. the 
           more procedures turned down, the greater the profits to the medical 
           insurance business. it is time for congress to reign in the abuses of 
           medicare advantage, regardless of the insurance industry campaign donations.

 film
            vs digital


a fuji 6x9 (2 1/4 x 3 x 1/4) film camera with many 
           rolls of fuji velvia 50 film, which sadly is very hard to buy today. fuji
claims that the finished positive (slide) film will 
           last up to 100 years.



film lasts for 100 years or more
the best digital cameras are 
            up to 108 megapixels but medium format film can be scanned at up to 2 
            gigapixels and still give sharpness.
digital cameras, process the 
            image within the camera so that even though the image may look 
            wonderful, it may not be a completely accurate image. fine detail may 
            be removed by the internal software of the ..read
             more


digital
            currency 
           will represent a loss of freedom and privacy. digital 
           currency will mean the total control of your money by the government. 
           thus what you (are permitted to) buy will be under the complete 
           control of the government. further, everything you do and buy will be 
           known to the government and anyone who has access to this 
           information. thus everything that you buy or sell or are permitted to 
           buy or sell will be known and potentially controlled. 
           -april 11, 2023

it is time 
           for the new york city to take action to control bicycles lets
            face it, the quality of life in new york city is suffering 
           from bicycles, electric powered bikes and scooters. the riders feel 
           that they are above the law or don't even know the law. these vehicle 
           almost without exception, never obey traffic laws, go through red 
           lights and even go through crosswalks while people are crossing. it 
           is time to start requiring all bicycles to have registration, and 
           clearly visible license plates, and insurance. if cars and trucks 
           have to "share the road" with bicycles, bicycles must also 
           pay their fair share and obey the law. read
            more


share
            the road: this nyc sign says "share the road". 
           good idea! perhaps it is time for bicycle riders to obey traffic laws 
           and also pay a road tax, just as the car drivers have to do. indeed, 
           share the road!

app based taxi ride services often block traffic 
           traffic while picking up customers. read
            more

vision
            zero is without vision. is the well 
           intended vision zero new york city program started under former mayor 
           deblasio to reduce pedestrian deaths from vehicles working? some of 
           the actions taken was to reduce the speed limit in nyc from 30 miles 
           per hour to only 25 miles per hour. in addition, when the cross walk 
           light says walk, the traffic light for cars changes a few seconds 
           later, allowing pedestrians to start to cross before cars start. in 
           some areas, there has also been guides put on streets so that cars 
           must make a larger diameter turn. has these measures work? actually 
           these measures have not helped at all. our speculation as to why 
           these measures have not worked are as follows. the crossing 
           pedestrians have come to take it for granted that the cars will 
           always allow them to cross and unfortunately, the pedestrians do not 
           look both ways. further, many pedestrians are oblivious to their 
           surroundings because they are staring at their smart phones and do 
           not take a moment to carefully look to see if all is clear to cross 
           and also many pedestrians wear ear buds playing music or talking on 
           the phone that further reduces their attention to traffic. it should 
           be noted that many years ago, the brother of this writer was hit and 
           killed by a car.

2024
            opinions

2023
            full year

other
            viewpoints and perspectives.

 




news1
www.news1.net
business
            • economic • events • reference
inq
            [ at ] news1.net
or
            call


copyright©
            1977 - 2024 
           by frank x. didik, all rights reserved






