















woodbridge, ct | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    government      services      community      business      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 





 















 






  
 
 






























ccw master plan project page



 
 
 














sign up to receive woodbridge e-news










 
 
 














news & events
 






  
 
 















beecher road school community workshop 


on monday, february 3, the woodbridge school district and the beecher road school infrastructure upgrade building committee will host a community workshop.						read on...







heatsmart woodbridge 


read on...







today's ccw site walk cancelled 


the ccw site walk, scheduled to take place 2:30 pm today at the former country club of woodbridge, has been cancelled due to weather conditions.						read on...







former ccw master plan community open house & land use survey 


the first community open house for the former country club of woodbridge (ccw) master plan will take place wednesday, january 29 from 6-8 pm at the woodbridge center café (4 meetinghouse lane).						read on...







reminder—taxes are due 


read on...







trail volunteers needed! 


volunteers are needed to help maintain and keep our wonderful woodbridge trails in good shape throughout the year.						read on...







day of remembrance—january 9, 2025 


governor lamont signed an executive order declaring thursday, january 9, 2025, a day of remembrance in connecticut in honor of the life and service of president jimmy carter.						read on...







historic woodbridge--available for sale 


historic woodbridge, second edition may make the perfect gift.						read on...







emergency burn ban lifted 


fire marshal joseph cappucci, in conjunction with fire chief sean rowland, has lifted the emergency burn ban on outdoor fires in the town of woodbridge.						read on...







veterans day ceremony 


the annual veterans day ceremony will be held monday, november 11 at 11 am in the center building gym at 4 meetinghouse lane.						read on...







election day is november 5 


election day is tuesday, november 5. polls will be open for in person voting from 6 am - 8 pm in the center building gymnasium located at 4 meetinghouse lane.						read on...







absentee voting for the 2024 election 


absentee voting for the 2024 presidential election has begun. through november 4, absentee ballots will be available to residents that are not able to vote in person at the polls.						read on...







important voting information 


early voting october 21, 2024 - november 3, 2024						read on...







pocd open house — october 8 at town hall 


on october 8, the first public open house will be held to discuss the 2025 plan of conservation and development (pocd).						read on...







woodbridge like me day – october 5 


come celebrate the vibrant and diverse woodbridge community at the 4th annual woodbridge like me day on saturday, october 5 from 11 am - 2 pm on the town center green.						read on...







5k road race and children’s fun run – october 5 


join the woodbridge recreation department for the 42nd annual 5k road race and children’s fun run on saturday, october 5, 2024.						read on...







a note from first selectman mica cardozo 


next time you come to town hall, please stop by to say hello. since i began my term in january 2024, i have met with many residents, businesses, and commercial property owners. i welcome the opportunity to hear from everyone in the woodbridge community.						read on...







republican primary to take place august 13 with early voting option 


on august 13, the republican primary for the office of us senator in the november election will take place in the woodbridge town library meeting room between 8 am - 8 pm.						read on...







reminder—taxes are due 


read on...







july summer concerts 


summer concerts will take place at the gazebo on the woodbridge town green each tuesday evening in july from 6 to 8 pm.						read on...







hazwaste collection and paper shredding—july 27 from 9 am to noon 


hazardous waste (hazwaste) collection and paper shredding will take place saturday, july 27 from 9 am to noon at the woodbridge transfer and recycling station located at 85 acorn hill extension.						read on...







cooling centers are open during hot weather 


with this week’s expected heatwave, woodbridge residents are invited to avoid the extreme heat and humidity by visiting our town’s designated cooling centers—the woodbridge town library and the woodbridge center (senior center).						read on...







june is dog license month 


june is dog license month in connecticut. reminders have been mailed to woodbridge dog license holders earlier this month.						read on...







woodbridge 2025 plan of conservation and development: survey is open through july 12 


the 2025 plan of conservation and development is being developed. opinions will be collected via a survey on topics like housing, economic development, open space, and sustainability. use the above qr code or this survey link  to complete the survey.						read on...







memorial day ceremony—may 27 at 11 am 


the woodbridge memorial day ceremony will be held monday, may 27 at 11 am in front of the center building at the veterans of foreign wars monument.						read on...







annual town meeting is monday, may 20 at 7:30 pm 


the woodbridge annual town meeting will take place monday, may 20 at 7:30 pm in the cafeteria at the amity regional high school (25 newton road).						read on...







spring bulk pickup 


the department of public works will continue to schedule tuesday appointments for bulk pickup services for the months of april and may. to reserve an appointment, call the public works’ office at 203-389-3420.						read on...







woodbridge earth day 2024 – saturday april 27, 10 am - 5 pm 


woodbridge earth day 2024 will take place saturday, april 27 from 10 am to 5 pm. this community event is hosted by the woodbridge ad hoc sustainability committee and the woodbridge town library.						read on...







public information meeting – april 2 at 6 pm 


a public information meeting for the town center sidewalk and pedestrian safety project will take place tuesday, april 2 at 6 pm in the main meeting room at woodbridge town hall.						read on...







tax relief programs 


applications for tax relief programs are now being accepted by the assessor’s office. filing criteria and deadlines are highlighted below.						read on...







important notice regarding 2024 presidential primary: april 2, 2024 


you must be enrolled in one of the two major parties (democrat or republican) to vote in that party's primary.						read on...







important notice from the assessor 


the woodbridge board of assessment appeals will be holding their annual meetings to hear appeals relating to assessments on the october 2023 grand list.						read on...







town to host memorial day ceremony on monday, may 29 at 11 am 


the woodbridge memorial day ceremony will be held monday, may 29 at 11 am in front of the center building at the veterans of foreign wars monument (4 meetinghouse lane).						read on...







experiencing woodbridge survey findings & community conversation--april 26, 7 pm at the jcc 


residents are invited to join the woodbridge ad hoc committee on diversity, equity, and inclusion for an overview of the experiencing woodbridge survey findings and a community conversation on wednesday, april 26 at 7 pm in the auditorium at the jcc.						read on...







rid litter day to be held earth day—saturday, april 22 


residents are asked to participate in "rid litter day" on earth day—saturday, april 22. beginning at 10 am, residents interested in helping pick up roadside litter may stop by the library.						read on...







assessment appeal application reminder 


in march, the woodbridge board of assessment appeals will hear appeals relating to assessments for real property and personal property on the october 1, 2024 grand list.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 









 














tax bill








recreation








agendas & minutes








notify me®








submit a request








video tour










 
 
 




 



 














woodbridge calendarevents & meetings
 






  
 
 



  
 
 



  
 
 



  
 
 











february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




 
 
 
 
 
 
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 












tue, feb. 18  

ad hoc 2030 task force

ad hoc 2030 task forceread on






wed, feb. 19  

board of fire commission

board of fire commissionread on






wed, feb. 19  

woodbridge inland wetlands agency

woodbridge inland wetlands agencyread on





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 




 















 






  
 



  
 







social media







facebook








instagram








youtube










 
 



  
 







quick links







bids & rfps



economic development



emergency preparation guide



licensing & permitting



sign up for ct alert









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







contact directory







assessor



building department



human services



police department







public works



selectman's office



town clerk



wgatv youtube channel









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














woodbridge town hall
 




11 meetinghouse lane, woodbridge, ct 06525
 




phone: 203-389-3400
 






  
 
 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









