








hispanic roundtable | una fuerte comunidad latina. a strong latino community.







































 



hispanic roundtable


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				

about

bylaws
history
members
minutes
our partners


calendar
community summits

2019 hispanic roundtable community summit

2019 gallery
2019 presentations
2019 program
2019 guest speakers
2019 sponsors


2018 hispanic roundtable community summit

2018 guest speakers
2018 presentations, materials, and how to get an attendee list
2018 agenda and details




latinx youth summit

2024 grays harbor college
2023 centralia college

2023 lys sponsorship opportunities


2022 evergreen state college

2022 lys continuing education credits
2022 lys sponsorship opportunities


2019 saint martin’s university

lys volunteer dashboard
workshop sessions


2018 south puget sound community college

2018 lys sponsors
2018 lys student workshop descriptions


2017 grays harbor college

2017 lys sponsors
2017 lys student workshop descriptions
2017 lys volunteers
lys 2017 overview


2016 tesc
2015 centralia college
2014 st. martin’s u
2013 spscc
2012 tesc
2011 centralia college
2010 tesc
2009 st. martin’s u
2008 spscc
2007 centralia college
2003 : 2006


media

links
photo galleries

gallery immigrant families assistance project
gallery lys 2012
gallery lys 2011
gallery lys 2010
gallery lys 2009
gallery lys 2008
gallery lys 2007
gallery lys 2006


videos


resources

employment opportunities
scholarship opportunities


support us

immigrant families assistance project

“i care” t-shirt order form
supported organizations


membership
volunteer

volunteer for the latinx youth summit!











search for:



 








 


general

ospi guidance: protections for immigrant students in washington’s k-12 public schools 



 


general, media

article: “it’s time for the hispanic roundtable’s 20th anniversary latinx youth summit” 






general, media

black lives matter 







 


general, media

article: “it’s time for the hispanic roundtable’s 20th anniversary latinx youth summit”


image

stickyoctober 17, 2022 hispanic roundtable



the hispanic roundtable is excited to celebrate the latinx youth summit in person with high school students, parents, and educators across thurston, lewis, mason, pacific, and grays harbor counties.

“we are seeds,” the theme of the latinx youth summit, comes from a mexican proverb: “they wanted to bury us, but they forgot that we are seeds.”
it’s an apt approach to this year’s event, says diana torres angulo, president of hispanic roundtable, which founded and runs the event. she notes that students are experiencing high levels of stress and uncertainty due to the pandemic, which has severely affected communities of color, including the local latinx community.
“regardless of the feeling of overwhelm,” she says, the organization wants students to know that “they have the ability to overcome these barriers and that there are resources and tools and…this network of teachers, mentors, advisors, and community members that is willing to help them” move into their futures with information and with confidence.
the college and career event, which will take place on november 22, has drawn as many as 500 latinx high school students across five counties and rotates among higher learning institutions in the region. this year, it’s at the evergreen state college. this is the first time the summit has been held in person since 2019.
students, who sign up through their high schools and attend for free, enjoy workshops that can boost confidence in their dual language abilities, for instance, or teach them how to apply and pay for college. much of the content is designed to equip aspiring first-generation college students.
the community foundation has supported the latinx youth summit for several years. 
“the foundation is proud to continue supporting the latinx youth summit,” says mary lam, the foundation’s philanthropy and communication officer. “we believe in our local young people, and that an investment in this event is an investment in the bright futures of latinx students and our community’s future. we also recognize that historic and system inequities have previously undermined the social and economic well-being of latinx families. as a latina, having the opportunity to support this work is also personally exciting!” 
why is the latinx youth summit important?
torres angulo says the youth summit is important because latinx students earn higher education degrees at a lower rate than other populations. according to a 2021 usa today report, “only 22% of hispanics over the age of 25 have an associate’s degree or higher compared to 40% of the general population.” 
though the percentage of latinx students attending college was on the rise, the numbers fell when the pandemic hit. excelencia in education data shows that “hispanic student college enrollment had been growing at an accelerated pace for more than 20 years, but in 2020 dropped significantly despite previous projections of continued growth.” 
in response to these figures, torres angulo asks, “how do we build this bridge between high school and college?” the summit’s answer is to help latinx high schoolers envision themselves as college students and as future community members with bright, exciting careers. holding the event at local colleges helps students do just that, opening their eyes to new possibilities. 
thinking about latinx youth and their current experiences prompts torres angulo to reflect on her own. as a child of spanish-speaking farmworkers, she acted as the family interpreter of legal documents, medical advice, and more. 
she describes this role as that of “a ‘dual cultural interpreter.’ you learn at a very young age how to communicate across cultures in order for people to understand each other. it wasn’t just about the language. it was about cultures as well.”
summit workshops address information barriers and debunk persistent myths, such as the mistaken belief that a student must be documented to go to college. but they also celebrate the unique skills and experiences of latinx youth and help boost students’ self-perception by encouraging them to view their language and cultural skills in a positive light. 
rooted in community support
pictured is olivia salazar de breaux at the 2016 latino youth summit.
encouraging and equipping local youth have been central goals of the summit since the beginning. and they’re particularly—and personally—important to a former hispanic roundtable board member, olivia salazar de breaux. 
as a high school student, de breaux attended a one-day leadership workshop for hispanic youth presented by the hispanic women’s network. the workshop changed her life trajectory, introducing her to important mentors and to exciting career possibilities, even though she was growing up in poverty and felt invisible at school. 
“it introduced me to so many important latina mentors that were all leaders,” she says. “there were state workers, there were doctors, there were lawyers, professors—these incredible women that totally changed the direction of my life.”
the latinx youth summit, she says, is built on the same idea as the workshop she attended all those years ago: “this is a space made for you with culturally relevant resources and stories and mentors. and opportunities that maybe you didn’t think were for you, like school. i didn’t think college was ever going to be for me. but then i met these women and [heard] their stories…and i heard how they were fighting their way to where they are today—and they’re very successful.”
de breaux is, too. she currently serves as the equity, inclusion, and belonging specialist for the city of olympia’s parks, arts, and recreation department. she is also an entrepreneur, the co-founder of a local nonprofit, and an author. 
through the youth summit, she wants latinx kids today (including her son, who’s now a participant) to know they can achieve their dreams and make a difference in their communities.
improving the local latinx experience
the summit is a natural extension of the hispanic roundtable’s work. the nonprofit, which was founded in 2002, works to improve access to community resources, services, economic development, education, and employment for latinx people in the south sound community. 
in addition to the youth summit, the group is a resource where community members can find programs in the region that provide services in spanish. they have also explored barriers connected to interpretation services for spanish-speaking people in our area, especially as they relate to accessing essential services. 
their work spans five counties: thurston, mason, lewis, pacific, and grays harbor. the group is expanding its work and is always looking to connect with interested community members.   
source: https://www.thecommunityfoundation.com/stories/its-time-for-the-hispanic-roundtables-20th-anniversary-latinx-youth-summit

#education#lys#marketing #article#pnw



featured, general, media

help children and parents separated at the border.

july 5, 2018 admin 


please join us in our effort to raise funds for organizations that are doing effective work to defend the rights of immigrant families, refugees, and the children being held in cages by our government.
stand up for human rights.  reach out to people in your community who want to make a difference.  lend a hand and a heart.
the immigrant families assistance project 
congress has refused to pass effective and humane immigration legislation.  their refusal to act responsibly has set the stage for the current president to attack immigrants with dehumanizing words and inhumane policies, which have resulted in the deaths of immigrants; arrests of refugees legally seeking asylum; traumatizing separations of children from parents that may prove impossible to undo; and unconstitutional mass judicial proceedings, including processes in which infants are not provided representation and are expected to represent themselves!
now the president has withdrawn money previously made available to assist indigent defendants and is demanding that immigrants and asylum seekers be rejected without due process.
we will not stand silent and idle while our government terrorizes children and undermines the constitution and values that define humanity.  we will not be complicit.
please join us in our effort to raise funds for organizations that are doing effective work to defend the rights of immigrant families, refugees, and the children being held in cages by our government.

buy a shirt and wear it to express your compassion and support for immigrant families and refugees.
buy additional shirts for your loved ones and best friends.
make an additional tax deductible donation today, through the link below, to support the work of these worthy organizations.
share this announcement on your facebook and twitter pages. help us make this go viral and let’s raise enough money to make a difference together.

click here to learn more about the hispanic roundtable’s immigrant families assistance project.




 


featured, general

the immigrant families assistance project

july 1, 2018 hispanic 


we’ve partnered with a local (olympia) latino-owned business and latina artist to respond to the callous statement made by first lady melania trump with the jacket she wore to visit families who have been separated as the result of her husband’s cruel and inhumane immigration policies.

click here to learn more about the hispanic roundtable’s immigrant families assistance project.





invest in our mission




recent posts


ospi guidance: protections for immigrant students in washington’s k-12 public schools
january 23, 2025


article: “it’s time for the hispanic roundtable’s 20th anniversary latinx youth summit”
october 17, 2022


black lives matter
june 15, 2020


our facebook pagehispanic roundtable of south soundcontact us la mesa redonda  hispanic roundtable
po box 6368olympia, wa 98507
hispanic@hispanicroundtable.org

membership 
click here to download our membership application.

categoriescategories
select category
featured
general
media



disclaimer the hispanic roundtable / la mesa redonda is a non-profit organization based in thurston county, washington.disclaimer 



una fuerte comunidad latina. a strong latino community.

invest in strengthening our latino community 





traducir a español para traducir a español, 
 haga clic aquí 

una colaboración multicultural y de múltiples agencias con la misión de fortalecer a la comunidad latina a través de asociaciones, educación, desarrollo comunitario y representación cultural.

a multi-cultural, multi-agency collaboration on a mission to strengthen the latino community through partnerships, education, community building and cultural representation.
 





 la mesa redonda
hispanic round table of south sound
po box 6368
olympia, wa 98507
501c3 


the mission of the hispanic roundtable is to strengthen the latino community through partnerships, education, community building and cultural representation.

facebooktwitter
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				








