



























african safari pictures of wildlife you can see on a trip to africa



















about us
contact


 





facebook kruger
+27.13.7127564

 















 








home


safari photography

free better safari photography ebook
which wildlife camera
best telephoto lenses
wildlife photography tips
photo safari hotspots
top photo safari companies
best birding tour operators
wildlife photo contests
safari photography questions



safari pictures

lion
leopard
primates
cheetah
elephant
crocodile
bird
baby animal
antelope
more wildlife



photo editing


blog



 



















african safari pictures












these african safari pictures were all taken 
      on safari trips. they depict  the magnificent wildlife and landscape 
      photos you can capture on a journey to the african continent.they were taken by me and 
      other travellers who have been lucky enough to visit the incredible 
      national parks and game reserves that exist in africa today using a 
      variety of  photographic equipment and techniques.the safari pictures illustrate 
      the astounding diversity of wildlife that exists here which you will 
      have a good chance of seeing and photographing if you decide to go on 
      safari yourself.












lion


seeing this majestic cat on safari is always one of the highlights. 
            it's quite a challenge to get african safari pictures of lions doing anything other 
            than sleeping because they do so much lounging around. some 
            reserves in africa are better than others for spotting them 
            regularly.









leopard 


the leopard is a shy and solitary creature so pictures like the one on the 
            right are very rare. this is one of the most beautiful members of 
            the cat family in my opinion and when you do come across them on 
            safari it's an incredible experience that you will never forget.









cheetah 


cheetahs have to do everything quickly, even eat. other predators like hyena and lion will regularly steal their meals so they have to wolf it down almost            as fast as they can run.









primates 


chimpanzee and gorilla  numbers are dwindling rapidly in the wild because of the influence of man. fortunately baboons, vervet monkeys and bush babies are still plentiful in many african national parks.









elephant


photographing african elephants in the wild is an incredible experience. i've been within a stones throw of these intelligent leviathans on foot and it's guaranteed to get the heart beating faster.









crocodile


they are very successful hunters which is why they have survived since prehistoric times. this crocodile looks like it might be having goose on the menu in the near future.









african birds


africa is blessed with a huge variety of bird life. from eagle to flamingo, ostrich, owl and vulture they all co-exist here in a photogenic flock to provide you with almost unparalleled bird pictures opportunities.









baby animals


which one will win the ultimate title of cutest baby animal? there are some very strong contenders here. take a look at these baby african safari pictures and make your choice. some of them only a mother could love.









african wildlife


this really is the next best thing to being on safari yourself. taken in game reserves all over africa of a variety of animals in all different shapes and sizes. wildlife photos of hippo, wild dog, hyena and chameleon.









animals 


what happens when you take a camera with you to some of the best national parks in africa? and you add a large measure of good fortune which always helps in wildlife photography. these african safari pictures are the result.









antelope


if some of the bigger game escape you, rest assured you will always see antelope on an african safari. they vary greatly according to habitat and behaviour but remain a pleasure to watch and photograph.









wildlife photography


dramatically improve your safari wildlife photography by following these guidelines and tips that i've learnt over more than forty years of visiting national parks and reserves in africa.
and to ensure that your pictures are the best they can possibly be, why not let me do the photo editing for you once you get back from your trip.







						free better safari photography ebook to improve your pictures on safari.  
					

















							copyright © 2005 - 2025. all rights reserved by african safari pictures.
terms of use / privacy policy



 contact·  +27-13-712-7564  ·





 














