







accordion-doors.com by specialty doors & hardware | custom accordion doors | made to order



































































 



















 menu

home
about us
woodfold® accordion doors
hufcor accordion doors
acoustic accordion doors
bloomming room dividers
screenflex portable partitions
mobilflex

rolling closures


buy now
 
























(424) 282-0525
the accordion door experts




lowest prices guaranteed!








home
accordion doors

woodfold accordion doors
hufcor accordion doors


acoustic accordion doors

woodfold
curtition


room dividers

bloomming room dividers
screenflex partitions
woodfold room dividers


mobilflex

folding closures
rolling closures
window protection


roll-up doors
 















 
woodfold® series 4100 acoustical accordion partitionthe woodfold series 4100 is the official replacement for panelfold sonicwal 66 and 88. these acoustical accordion partitions are the perfect choice for projects requiring superior sound performance and space flexibility, with a sound rating of fstc 41 / stc 46. for more information on the new woodfold acoustical accordion partitions:click here 




 

shop accordion doors






 

security doors






 

acoustic accordion doors






 

accordion doors










request a quote
(424) 282-0525

                   	get direct support from the accordion door experts





 











please leave this field empty.



 serving our customers since 1996









helpful video






custom accordion doors
welcome to the accordion doors division of specialty doors & hardware! specialty doors is the #1 supplier of woodfold® doors and bloomming room dividers in the usa. being #1 means that we are able to offer the widest selection of accordion doors and partitions at very reasonable prices.
 we offer more accordion door, divider, partition and folding door options than any other company in our industry. our wide product selection covers the simplest of closet accordion doors to the most complex of curved security doors for mall fronts.
every accordion door, folding door and partition is custom made to your specification. call or email us for a quote and lead time information. >> browse & order accordion doors










bloomming room dividers





new product for 2022: straight out of the netherlands, bloomming’s room dividers facet (a.k.a. “blooming room dividers”) consist of diamond shapes that the user can rotate to control light, airflow, and create unique patterns.
they're in use by microsoft, oracle, mercedes-benz, universal studios, hilton hotels, sheraton hotels, pandora, honeywell, british airways and dozens other high-end brands worldwide. now, you can make these same partitions yours in any size or color you ask for. freestanding, hanging or even sliding, facet lets you distinctively and elegantly partition any space.
specialty doors is the first official usa dealer of bloomming. now, you can get free help designing, configuring & ordering your divider directly from an american company, in your timezone, not a european timezone.
just tell us about your space, your specs, and you’ll be directed to a design selection you will not second-guess by the time you’re done.>> browse & order bloomming room dividers










                                your browser does not support this video.
                            












(424) 282-0525

                   	request a quote or callcontact us for direct support.





 












please leave this field empty.




 

 


other solutions

portable partitions
operable walls
woodfold® custom roll-up doors


submit your project photos
contact us
faq
brochures
return policy
freight policy
privacy policy
sitemap
 













phone: (424) 282-0525

specialty doors & hardware

view full site
view mobile site






				door guide.			

door guides
we offer a wide selection of door guides to best fit the needs of your installation. the l-shape door guide is the standard guide included with each kit at no additional cost, with all other guides available for upgrade. learn more below.
 
l-guides

u-guide

stay roller

 


			×			





				locks			

if your barn door requires privacy, select between our tear drop lock and a hook and eye optio
hook eye
 
tear drop lock
 
 


			×			





				hardware upgrade			

standard vs pre-hung
the standard system is our most popular and basic set of hardware. the hardware comes with hangers, a track, and all the components to hang the hardware. the pre-hung system takes it a step further, and simplifies installation. the track comes installed on a header board. this leaves installation to require attaching hangers to door, and then screwing the header into the wall. with a standard system you need to first attach the bolts through the track and spacers, attach the stops, and place the hangers. learn more about the patented pre-hung option below.
what it means
the track arrives installed on a header board. instead of assembling the loose components of spacers, lag bolts, stops, and stop bolts, you simply have one piece ready to hang.
how to install the header
simply place the header over the opening and screw through the header and into the studs in the wall. screws will be provided in the order.
 



			×			





				hardware system			

single door system
select a single door system when you are looking to purchase a hardware set for one door. this option will include all the components, hangers (2), and track to hang your single door.
bi-parting (double door) system
select a bi-parting door system when you are looking to hang 2 doors over one opening. this option will include all the components, hangers (4), and track to hang 2 doors on a single track. this option includes 4 hangers, one track at specified length, and all components to hang.
single door system
we realize there are some creative people with creative ideas. select this option if you need a system that is different from a single or double door installation. you will then be asked to specify the number of hangers you need to complete the job. if you don’t see what you need, email us at info@artisanhardware.com.


			×			





track length
the standard track length should be twice the width of the door itself. if needed, note that tracks less than twice the width may prevent the door from opening fully, and tracks longer will allow the door to slide further past the opening.
pre-drilled or not?
pre-drilled holes will have standard 16″ on center spacing. this is ideal for installing into a full headerboard or backing in the wall support. if you are attaching into studs, you will need to drill on-site to ensure your holes match up. chrome and stainless tracks must be pre-drilled and either be attached to a full headerboard or backing in the wall support, or provide custom drill measurements in the project notes.


			×			





				pull handles			

select the handle style and quantity for your project. the handle will be sent in the same finish color as the hardware.


			×			





				flush handle			

flush handles are intended for use on the inside of the barn door as the inset design allows the door to be fully opened. pull handles on the inside of the door will bump into the door frame or wall when opened. select the quantity and the finish color will match the rest of your hardware.


			×			


 


























































 custom closet doors los angeles
 custom folding doors
 screenflex portable partitions
 woodfold accordion doors
 woodfold distributors

articles
© 2025 accordion-doors.com

