





secret places, beautiful luxury gulf coast florida villas and cape coral vacation rentals






















































≡

home
vacation rentals

cape coral area homes

view cape coral area homes
view cape coral map

guest comments


about us

who we are
general information
terms & conditions
cancellation policy


availability

cape coral area homes

buttonwood bay
key largo
tropical palms
ocean drive
still waters
sunny shadows
island house
blue heron breeze
magnolia springs
whispering waters
one day more
kokopelli house


book availability


area guides

sw gulf coast

about cape coral
it's just paradise
about fort myers
about marco island
local area links
local attractions


central gulf coast

about bradenton / sarasota
local area links
local attractions


area international airports
area maps

florida gulf coast
cape coral/fort myers
bradenton/sarasota
marco island/naples


local weather


property management

about us
property management contact form
property management in cape coral
single family homes (cape coral)
condos & townhomes (cape coral)
home watch (cape coral)
housekeeping services (cape coral)
furnishing your vacation home
renting your vacation home
purchasing process
build your dream home

avalon model
windsor i model
windsor ii model
carlyle model




contact us

by email
by telephone
office locations

cape coral
sarasota
















1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1



rbanner12.jpg
stunning cape coral vacation homes

rbanner16.jpg
waterfront living

rbanner1.jpg
rbanner2.jpg
rbanner18.jpg
rbanner13.jpg
stylish vacation rentals

rbanner3.jpg
rbanner4.jpg
rbanner14.jpg
waterfront vacation homes

rbanner20.jpg
waterfront living

rbanner5.jpg
rbanner6.jpg
rbanner21.jpg
rbanner15.jpg
beautiful cape coral homes

rbanner7.jpg
rbanner8.jpg
rbanner9.jpg
rbanner10.jpg
rbanner11.jpg
rbanner17.jpg
rbanner19.jpg







  privately owned vacation homes on florida's gulf coast - independently owned, locally managed and operated
  












cape coral homes






book directly through the locally based property manager. 
            our properties are either exclusively owned by secret places or privately owned by carefully selected individual homeowners. they are maintained and managed in partnership with our locally based property managers in florida.
            spend a few moments with us and we will help you to discover your very own "secret place".
            we invite you to book with confidence and to join our growing list of friends who return to stay with us year after year.
view our waterfront homes   
		



















verified properties

what you see is what you get
beautiful holiday homes
privately owned - hand picked and verified
ease of selection - we do not list hundreds or thousands of properties 





service and security

multiple years customer service
in business since 1997
local home management
efficient personal service
talk with a "real" person
locally based contacts in florida and uk 





expert service - best price guarantee

no travellers fees
no commissions
no booking fees
no additional per person fees
no refundable security deposits required














the quality of time
secret places was formed in 1997  firmly determined to develop something exceptional in prestigious accommodation  for the florida vacation experience. at secret places we know it’s all about  the quality of time. we understand how much your choice of accommodation can  make or break your vacation experience, so all our florida gulf coast holiday homes  are carefully chosen for their superior style and comfort,  outstanding views and prime waterside locations. at secret places we feature an outstanding selection of cape coral vacation homes, fort myers vacation homes, bradenton vacation homes, naples vacation homes and marco island vacation homes. we do not compromise  quality for cost and we strive to ensure that a vacation spent in one of our  homes will be a special experience with lasting memories and not simply just  "somewhere to stay."


south florida natural beauty
florida stretches more than 400 miles from its state line with georgia to the florida   keys. 
it's famous for its coastline, its everglades, and its colorful coral reefs. 
south florida is an area of incredible   natural beauty... from warm, salty, emerald green waters dotted with thousands   of tiny islands in the gulf of mexico... to miles of white sand beaches with   high-rise condominiums, hotels and trendy clubs along the atlantic ocean... with   a dash of the everglades cypress swamps, wetland prairies and pine forests home   to a variety of wildlife...
south florida has something for everyone! 







locations
cape coral area
matlatcha
prices

about
about property management
about us
terms & conditions
how to book
contact email
telephone
office locations
privacy policy
site map
admin

payments








connect with us
   
©2000-2025  secret places, vacation rentals cape coral florida, all rights reserved
 




website designed by slg web
cape coral blog
cape coral
if you want to get away and leave the stress of everyday  life behind, a vacation rental in cape coral would make the perfect choice.  known as the venice of florida, cape coral is criss-crossed with over 400 miles  of waterways and canals (most with access to the gulf of mexico) making it a  boater’s dream. just a few minutes away by boat or car are the beautiful  beaches of sanibel and captiva island. 
returning from an unforgettable boating trip, stop by  rumrunners and enjoy a cozy nightcap before going back to your private house to  experience a beautiful sunset. a barbecue on the terrace by the pool of your  luxury home in cape coral is what holiday dreams are made of.
numerous recreational opportunities, such as, cycling,  fishing, swimming, roller blading, horseback riding, sailing, surfing, diving,  tennis, water skiing, etc., and several 18-hole golf courses are nearby and  make for an enjoyable vacation experience. numerous parks and lakes in the area  invite to relax. of course there are also plenty of shopping opportunities as  well. 
enjoy yourself in a luxuriously appointed cape coral vacation rental and leave none of your wishes unfulfilled. 
ft. myers
  fort myers is located in southwest florida and is a very  popular vacation destination. 
  as an alternative to a hotel, why not upgrade your stay with  a luxury vacation rental home? you can rent a boat and explore the nearby  islands of sanibel and captiva island. in the evening you can enjoy extensive  walks on the beach and be spoiled at the best restaurants on fort myers beach.  if you like eating fish you will more than get your money's worth. last but not  least, barbecue on the cozy terrace of your private house and watch the sunset  as you enjoy a delicious steak. 
  if you love shopping, this is the place to be. fort myers  has a large shopping mall with 160 stores. the edison mall was completely  renovated recently and now shines with new splendor.
  if you’d like to enjoy some southwest florida culture, pay a  visit to the fort myers historical museum or visit the edison and ford winter  estates. from 1885 until his death in 1931, thomas edison spent the winter on  the caloosahatchee river. today, the 5.5-acre property is separated by mc  gregor boulevard. the laboratory and museum are located on one side and on the other  there are two houses, one of which belonged to a younger friend of edison,  henry ford. 
  on the terrace by the pool of your fort myers vacation home,  you will quickly understand why men like thomas edison chose just this place to  escape the winter months. 
sanibel
  sanibel island is an island to fall in love with. enjoy the  soft white sand, an expansive beach, swaying coconut palms, lush tropical  foliage and beautiful crystal blue water. 
  if you’re vacationing in a luxury home in cape coral or fort  myers, you can reach the island by boat or car in no time. of course you can  also a holiday in a vacation rental on sanibel island. set out in the early  morning hours and enjoy extensive walks on the beach with absolute calm - far  away from mass tourism. collect shells, and if you’re lucky you may find real  treasure that has been washed ashore by the tides. 
  then come refresh on your terrace and relax by the pool of  your private sanibel island vacation home.
captiva/ upper  captiva
  captiva island is the sister to sanibel island and offers  the visitor a similarly enchanting tropical island experience. sunrises and  sunsets on captiva island make unforgettable memories. 
  do not forget to explore everything captiva island has to  offer on your vacation. visit the bailey-matthews shell museum, where you can  admire over 200 000 species of shells from around the world or visit the  boutiques and shops and stock up with some nice souvenirs. if you do not want  to use the kitchen in your luxury vacation home, dine out at one of the many  restaurants cafes or bars on captiva. 
  if your vacation rental is not on captiva island proper, you  can reach the island by car only via the sanibel causeway. this is not free,  but it is obviously worthwhile to invest a few dollars to visit this jewel. 
  the island has a complete infrastructure, so that residents  are not required to leave the island. a private marina and golf courses are  inviting to those interested in sports. the south seas resort island is known  for romantic weddings. 
  property prices on captiva island are among the most  expensive in florida. construction opportunities are so limited and the view to  the sea is of such keen interest, only the lucky few can afford a luxury  vacation home on captiva.
 
exclusive ferienhäuser mit pool & ferienwohnungen in  florida direkt online buchen
luxus ferienhäuser in florida mit pool von privat zum  schnäppchenpreis hier direkt mieten. erstklassige ausstattung finden sie hier  in einem ferienhaus in florida. 
fast immer gibt es einen beheizbaren pool bei unseren  ferienhäusern in florida von privat.
 
cape coral rental houses bietet erstklassige und hochwertig  ausgestattete luxusferienhäuser in cape coral an. alle ferienhäuser sind in  privatbesitz und haben damit auch alle eine persönliche note. es gibt einen  schönen außenbereich mit privatem großen pool und häufig außerdem mit einem  whirlpool. die ferienvillen liegen alle in cape coral direkt an einem kanal,  sind überwiegend mit einem privatem bootsdock ausgestattet und haben von dort zugang  zum golf von mexiko. eine bootsvermietung kann empfohlen und eine anmietung auf  wunsch für unsere gäste arrangiert werden. es ist uns eine freude interessenten  und gäste bei der suche nach dem feriendomizil, das alle erwartungen erfüllt,  zu unterstützen. da wir jedes haus persönlich kennen ist es für uns einfach,  sie entsprechend ihren wünschen zu beraten, damit sie ihr traumferienhaus  finden.
unser kundenorientierter service beginnt mit der  beantwortung der anfragen von interessenten zu den ferienhäusern, geben  hinweise hinsichtlich mietwagen und bootsvermietungen und endet nicht mit ihrer  buchung. in cape coral erwartet sie eine freundliche und hilfreiche (deutsch  und englisch sprechende) hausverwaltung, die ihnen details zum haus erklärt und  alle fragen beantwortet. bei uns wird die persönliche betreuung und das ziel,  zufriedene gäste zu haben groß geschrieben, denn das ist bei uns eine  herzensangelegenheit.
die meisten luxus-ferienhäuser liegen ca. 30 minuten  flughafen rsw - southwest international airport in fort myers, florida,  entfernt. wenn sie die traumstrände von captiva und sanibel island besuchen  möchten, können sie diese in kurzer zeit mit dem auto oder boot erreichen.
  finden sie das haus, das ihren wünschen entspricht – wir  bieten ihnen die grundlage für einen unvergesslichen urlaub!
 
ein ferienhaus in cape coral, florida mieten
  sie planen einen urlaub in florida? wir bieten ihnen  wunderschöne ferienhäuser in cape coral, eines der populärsten urlaubsziele im  sunshine state aufgrund der ruhigen lage abseits des touristenrummels und der  vielfalt an angeboten. alle unsere cape coral ferienhäuser sind in privatem  besitz und in perfektem zustand. dafür sorgt unsere professionelle verwaltung  und beispiellose kundenbetreuung. unser exzellenter service und durchwegs hoher  standard garantieren ihnen einen entspannten urlaub in einem der schönsten  flecken der erde.
ferienhaus mit boot
  was cape coral besonders populär macht, ist die möglichkeit,  ein ferienhaus mit boot zu mieten. viele der cape coral ferienhäuser befinden  sich an einem kanal mit golfzugang, darunter auch die mehrzahl unserer  angebote. wir kümmern uns gerne darum, dass an ihrem ferienhaus in cape coral  gleich ein boot auf sie wartet. ein spezieller bootsführerschein wird in  florida nicht verlangt - ihr autoführerschein genügt. nach einer gründlichen  einweisung können sie richtung golf von mexiko starten und die herrliche  umgebung per boot erkunden. so wird der florida urlaub wirklich perfekt.
cape coral ist genau der richtige ort für ihren  florida-urlaub
  warum florida, warum cape coral? ein urlaub in florida kann  alles bieten, vom sonnenbaden am strand über sportliche aktivitäten wie golfen  und boot fahren bis hin zu ausflügen in die vergnügungsparks wie disney world  und busch gardens. florida ist auch für naturliebhaber ein erlebnis, mit  zahlreichen naturschutzgebieten, wasserwegen für kanu- und kajakfahrten,  erstklassigen wander- und radwegen sowie reiterpfaden. der sunshine state  bietet für jeden etwas. mit etwa 360 sonnentagen im jahr spielt auch das wetter  mit.
  warum ausgerechnet ein cape coral ferienhaus mieten? von  dieser stadt aus sind alle ziele in süd- und zentral-florida bequem zu  erreichen. entspannen sie sich nach einem ereignisreichen tag in der ruhigen  atmosphäre eines unserer cape coral ferienhäuser, vielleicht am pool oder auf  dem bootsdock, und planen den nächsten urlaubstag.







