



lake camp productions - casting








production services film & video music video corporate video












 
    


home
about us
casting
services
awards
press
contact us
press release



 
  






'6 rounds of chloe' is now on amazon. 
 


forever in our hearts : soumitra chatterjee in a still from 'the nowhere son.'     
 


oscar nominee eric roberts in 6 rounds of chloe.
              
 


 
              
 


actors andrea guasch and alex lopez in orphan train

 


filming in new york.
  
 



  

 
    



watch our movies
                
 
       view more â» 
 



sign up for our newsletter


e-mail *



 



latest news & events
      


  6 rounds of chloe drops trailer
 
            
teaser and trailer of our latest feature film 6 rounds of chloe, starring oscar-nominee eric roberts (the dark knight) and united nations speaker kamala lopez (star trek voyager) are available on youtube, vimeo and social media. check it out @6rocfilm

 a curry on an american plate is now available on amazon primethe 87 mins comedy from director san banarje a curry on an american plate, written by trisha ray & san banarje, is now available on amazon prime usa and uk. check it out.
          
   our christians films are now on amazon prime
 
            
the faith-based feature films sugar baby, artisse, inside out, federal case are now on amazon prime..
          
  eric roberts wraps 6 rounds of chloeoscar and golden globes nominated hollywood actor eric roberts wraps his role as dr. john bing in 6 rounds of chloe, written and directed by trisha ray. the film co-produced by next actor studio, lake camp productions and boat angel family films, also stars actors kamala lopez, charlie o'connell, jana lee hamblin and elena martinez in important roles. follow the film on social media @6rocfilm. 
          
 sex, marriage, and infidelity available on amazon primewriter-director richard finger's debut feature sex, marriage and infidelity is now available on amazon prime. the film, shot in houston and new york, is a dramedy about a middle-aged ceo charles (finger) whose marriage is under fire after his secretary sues him for sexual harrassment.
          
  orphan train is now also a seriesour action-adventure faith-based feature orphan train, written by brian stewart and produced by boat angel family films, is now also coming out as a series on amazon and tv networks. the film, set in mexico, touches upon the current problem in the country where several children are being kidnapped everyday. while the film focuses on the four teenagers who escape from a terrorist unit in under 2 hours, the series captures the terror attacks, the prequel to the film, the fbi chase to find the cells and changing their stance on combat. casting for the series is ongoing.
          
 bachelor charlie o'connell caught off guard
 
            television star charlie o'connell (bachelor) and star of our films a curry on an american plate and sex, marriage and infidelity was recently in houston, shooting his scenes for the comedy when he received a big surprise on the set. click here to check out charlie's reaction. 
          


 "the nowhere son" to screen at alexandria film festival in virginia
 
            our foreign feature film the nowhere son will be screened on nov 9 at 2pm at the alexandria film festival in virginia. screening will be at the lyceum, 201 washington st, alexandria. earlier this film got mentioned as one of the 'five don't miss movies at 2013 worldfest' by eminent movie critic mr. joe leydon while picking up gold at the festival and being mentioned as one the top pictures and best actresses by houston film critics society. 
          
 three arri-alexa features of 2013 in post-production
 
            
wrapped three features in 2013. san banarje's thriller "the shadow behind you" written by trisha ray and banarje, brian stewart's "artisse" directed by trisha ray and forbes columnist richard finger's debut screenplay & direction "sex, marriage and infidelity in new york" starring charlie o'connell, shannon tweed. all three films will release in 2014.

 best of the festival for "bodhisattva"
 
            
filmmaker san banarje wins the ''best of the festival'' award for his feature ''bodhisattva'' at the gulf coast film and video festival 2012. san banarje is seen here with director of houston film commission, mr. rick ferguson who presented the best of the festival award.

 "two films win gold"
 
            
san banarje's social short "semper fi" and brian stewart's christian feature "inside out" both premiered at the 2012 worldfest houston international film festival and won gold remi in their respective categories. the films were shot in houston.

  completion of "reverse"
 
            
filmmaker trisha ray has completed her latest film "reverse" shot in buenos aires, argentina.  join its facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/reversefilm

 ''bodhisattva'' wins best foreign film
 
            
''bodhisattva'' wins best foreign film award at the alexandria film festival, virginia. san banarje director/ producer accepts the award from councilman rob krupicka at alexandria film festival. 

 two awards at bare bones film festival 2011
 
            
at the bare bones film festival 2011, director san banarje wins indie auteur award and best foreign film for bodhisattva.

 academy award nominated actor robert loggia
 
            
academy award nominated actor robert loggia (scarface, jagged edge, big, sopranos) with director san banarje of bodhisattva at the hoboken international film festival where bodhisattva got four nominations including best picture.

 joe estevez in "inside out"
 
            
joe estevez (brother of martin sheen and uncle of emilio estevez and charlie sheen) during a take from our summer feature "inside out"

 legendary actor soumitra chatterjee recognized
 
            
legendary actor soumitra chatterjee, who has acted in three lake camp productions feature films, "sugarbaby", "bodhisattva" and "the nowhere son", who has earlier received 'the officier des arts et metiers', the highest award for arts from france and "lifetime achievement award" from italy, whose movies with academy award winner satyajit ray have received the best picture awards in cannes, berlin, venice etc, has just now received the highest award in indian cinema "dadasaheb phalke award". congratulations to one of the best actors in the world on being recognized yet again for 53 years of dedicated and excellent work.



read more â» 


  trailers of our upcoming films   

 
    




 about

home
about us
services
4k post production


awards
press
contact us


 services

production services
film & video
music video


 contact
 
    ph no: 323.813.1444 | 713.367.1114 email: info@lakecampproductions.com 

 
    

copyright â© 2023, lake camp productions.all rights reserved.

 
    

 

