







welcome to bike loft







































































































              about us
            

              repair
            

              products
            

            used bikes
          

            our family
          

            rides
          



            find us
          




















































































about usrepairproductsused bikesour familyrides











find us









scroll








our mission statementto bring the joy we feel riding, in all its forms, to all people.





















bike loft winter hours
monday, thursday, friday ~ 12 - 6pmsaturday   ~       11 - 4pmclosed: sun, tues, wed








 

 the start of something great…..













we are now carrying the #1 bike brand in the world!













stop by and see the variety of scott bicycles that we have in stock. road or mountain, we have your next new bike!! click the link below to see all the beautiful scott bikes ridden the world over. 
























    learn more
  

 




 

marins are in!











  

marin bikes are back, baby !!!marin bikes are back in the bike loft!! for those who may not know, we were previously a marin dealer and now we are one again! we have a variety of models and styles assembled and on the floor ready to ride!! click the links below to see what we have on our facebook page or click the link to bring you to marin bikes.com and see their full lineup.  




































 




 











e-bikes on sale!!best prices of the season!
every pedal-assist electric bike on sale now!  stop in and take one for a spin.  they are so. much. fun!!





 

 




 

about our storewhat make us differentwhen you come into the bike loft, you might wonder why we ask you so many questions. its because we want to get to know you. this way, we can help you get the most from your biking experience. by gathering as much information as we can from you, we can make informed suggestions on bike type and fit. we can even make suggestions on accessories that will enhance your comfort and enjoyment. we also ask questions because we like to make new friends and invite them to join us in the sport and lifestyle that has been such a positive force in our lives. we would like to take the opportunity to ride with you, build trails with you, race with you and introduce you to some of the greatest people you could ever hope to meet, our customers.  please join us!what we offerto us, bike sales are not just about selling something. it’s about fostering a love of riding and expanding the cycling community.  we carry products that we use ourselves and that we feel will enhance the riders experience.  products and accessories from companies like scott, garmin, serfas, marin, khs and more.  we are all riders putting gear under constant testing. we don’t sell anything that we wouldn’t personally put on our own bikes. we know that the best rides are on a steed that is solid and working flawlessly.  that’s why we pride ourselves in delivering to you the best service around. we use the best tools from park tool. we have trained technicians who have combined experience of over 50 years in the bike industry.  but we don’t rest on our laurels. constant training, updating, attending seminars and clinics keeps us on the cutting edge of bicycling technology. all so we can apply that knowledge to fixing your most prized possession….your bike.  we know where the best rides are…. whether it’s any one of our shop rides or pointing you to the knarliest trail. we’ve seen it all, we’ve raced it all, we do it all, we’ve done it all! we can recommend riding venues, racing opportunities or just simple advice on how and when to shift. we love to talk bikes! (who doesn’t?) we want you to enjoy the sport as much as we all do. we can help you find whatever two-wheeled nirvana you are looking for!nirvana can only be achieved when you become one with your bike. that cannot happen if you are uncomfortable or worse, it becomes painful.  pain greatly curtails your riding performance and starts to shorten your ride time; not to mention being a big damper on your overall enjoyment. that’s why we are adamant about bike fit!  riding a bike should not be painful. unless, of course, it’s your legs yelling at you. (just tell them to shut up!) too many people believe they “just have to deal with it” or might not even know that a better way exists. a good bike fit and assessment takes your whole body into consideration (not just your legs).  our bike fitters go even one step further and take the whole person into consideration- mind, body and spirit. we assess not only your position on your bike but your hopes and dreams for the future. correct bike fit can increase efficiency, increase ride time, race times and, of course greatly increase your positive experience on the bike. we can make you feel like a kid again! 

 




 











bike loft winter hours
monday, thursday, friday  ~  12 - 6pmsaturday ~ 11 - 4pm             sunday, tuesday, wednesday ~closed 






    find us
  

 






about intro



new page



scott



marin bikes are back



e-bikes



about our store



hours








 
















































