




		heartdocs | heartdocs	















































log in to patient portal
for referring physicians
find a heart doctor







toggle navigation












cardiology associates of schenectady, p.c.
news/about us/careers 

cardiology associates of schenectady joins st. peter’s health partners
about our heart health team
careers


telemedicine 

telemedicine how to use video
telemedicine user guide infographic
faq’s infographic


heart conditions
services 

cardiac testing
interventional cardiology procedures


patient videos 

how to make your own face mask/covering
proper hand washing guidelines
cardiology videos


patient resources 

appointment information
how to make a face mask
video-how to make your own face mask/covering
hand sanitizing fact sheet
video-proper hand washing guidelines
how to make your own hand sanitizer
our patient portal


covid-19 

how to make a face mask
video – how to make your own face mask/covering
hand sanitizing factsheet
video – hand washing guidelines
important appointment information regarding covid-19
information regarding covid-19


find a heart doctor
for referring physicians
log in to patient portal
 







comprehensive and compassonate cardiovascular carecardiology associates of schenectady your heart specialists
cardiology associates of schenectady joins st. peter's health partners 
covid-19 appointment guidelines 
make an appointment
cardiology associates of schenectady now offers telemedicine visits!covid-19 appointment guidelines 
click here for a video
patient user guide
patient faq's
coronavirusupdate 3/25/2020:
covid-19 appointment guidelines 
information regarding patient appointments at cardiology associates of schenectady
information regarding coronavirus
manage your heart health: sign up for our patient portalstay in touch with your heart doctor, manage medications, and more
get started
cardiology services for atrial fibrillation: we implant the watchman devicea heart health alternative to anticoagulation for patients with atrial fibrillation to reduce the risk of stroke
see our watchman videos






locations











socha plaza office
115 saratoga rd, suite 230, glenville, ny  12302
phone: (518) 348-5300
see details










guilderland office
3757 carman road suite 103 schenectady, ny  12303
phone: (518) 881-0810
see details










gloversville office
23 arterial plaza route 30a, gloversville, ny  12078.
phone: (518) 773-2303
see details










clifton park office
103 sitterly road suite 2100 clifton park, ny  12065
phone: (518) 383-9373
see details










amsterdam office
425 guy park ave, suite 202 amsterdam, ny 12010
phone: (518) 842-7088
see details










balltown road  (main office)
2546 balltown road, suite 300 schenectady, ny 12309
phone: (518) 377-8184
see details











we have your heart health care needs covered
our physicians take a detailed and personalized approach to patient care. for over 25 years, we have been providing comprehensive heart health care to the capital region. over this time, our team has grown to nearly 30 providers through dedication to our core values of compassion, integrity, and clinical excellence. most of our heart specialists spend their entire career at cardiology associates, allowing our doctors to form the long-term relationships that are so important to heart health. from heart disease prevention and cardiac testing to diagnosis and advanced cardiac procedures, we can meet all of your cardiovascular needs in your hometown.








cardiac testing
we offer comprehensive diagnostic and follow-up cardiac testing using state-of-the-art equipment right in our offices. this means high quality, convenient, and lower cost testing for our patients. our cardiac testing services include a full range of stress, cardiac imaging, cardiac ultrasound tests.
our testing cardiology services






procedures and programs
our cardiologists have unique expertise performing complex procedures and minimally invasive surgeries, making use of the newest technology in the field, in addition to our outpatient cardiology services. we were first in the region to offer several advanced procedures. we are also a cardiac referral center accepting referrals from local hospitals for patients who require subspecialty care for complex conditions.
our procedures & programs




















call today to book an appointment with a heart specialist and take charge of your heart health.
locations & phone numbers









your heart,
					your healthy life:
					heart health education

our heart specialist team believes that education is the essential first step to working together for your heart health. education has the capacity to transform the family and patient’s roles in achieving the best outcomes together with the care team, and to truly impact health. start learning now.

watch videos about heart procedures
read about heart health  conditions
















meet our heart specialist team
the cardiac specialists at cardiology associates of schenectady offer expertise across the full range of heart conditions and treatments. our dedicated and compassionate team will help you achieve the best heart health outcome through clinical excellence.

find a provider
about us















take charge of your heart health with our portal
when you sign up for the cardiology associates of schenectady patient portal, you get easy access to your heart doctor and a convenient way to stay up to date on all your heart health needs from a computer or smartphone.



						request appointments for cardiology services
					


						stay in touch with your heart doctor
					


						review medications
					


						check test results
					


						make payments
					

sign up for our patient portal










					cardiology associates of schenectady, p.c. has received accreditation and
					recognition from several medical societies and organizations that establish
					national standards in regards to providing quality health care and patient safety.
					listed below are the accreditation and organizations that have recognized our
					practice for excellence in quality health care and patient safety.
				

















© 2025 mwe base theme - all rights reserved.

privcy policy
sitemap



 















