









patio pools tampa | pool construction & remodels since 1979














































home
about
services

new pool construction
swimming pool remodeling


retail store
support
gallery
contact us
813.962.0374
 


select page


  
 
 











building pools in tampa
since 1979!

galleryrequest  free estimate





"














as tampa bay’s most respected pool builder and remodeler, our team at patio pools tampa has been building swimming pools since 1979. the company is family owned and operated, with 3 generations of family members currently contributing to the success. we are not only proud of the more than 8,000 pools we have built in the tampa bay area, but also the quality and care in which they have been built. every time we build a pool, our reputation is on the line. and so, our goal is to deliver the quality, value and service you should expect when adding a pool to your home.

license #cpc1458992








































































years in business




pools built




working days for average build




generations 





















view gallery








view gallery








view gallery








view gallery








view gallery












view gallery








view gallery








view gallery












testimonials

what people are saying







“we couldn’t be happier…”

“patio pools delivered on their promise, and, more than that, kept quality communication, efficient crew scheduling, and a smooth process the whole time…we couldn’t be happier with the results and will recommend patio to anyone who asks!”





“i really can’t imagine having a better pool buying experience…”

“i really can’t imagine having a better pool buying experience than what my wife and i encountered with patio pools…their a+ bbb rating is supported by an incredible statistic; 40 years in business and only one complaint!!! what!”





“they knew all the ins and out about the construction…”

“they knew all the ins and out about the construction, city of tampa tree ordinance and tree protection for the work site etc. their contractors were professional, friendly, and considerate to our extensive landscaping.”





“this company is great! “

“this company is great ! reliable, professional, great product! we talked to several pool companies before choosing patio pools, and we not only got the best service from them, but the best price ; they finished our pool in just a few weeks; matt made the process very simple ; they provided us with a video of the pool design before we signed a contract which was really nice.”





read more reviews!







request a free estimate!

submit

hours of operation

mon – fri9:00am – 5:00pm

sat9:00am – 2:00pm

sunwe are closed





followfollowfollowfollow



 







all rights reserved 2025 © patio pools 




 










