










the works people - empowering students in handwriting, reading, and grammar




























 



 let's connect : 218-731-3072 




 



toggle menu
menu

 

 

home
about us
 
our story
testimonials
skits 
 
skit 001 - inspiration peak 
skit 002 - elmer's woods 
skit 003 - gone fishin'
skit 004 - phelp's mill




resources
 
our courses 
 
reading works
grammar works
writing works


 teaching tools 
 
foundation stones
primary student pack
student material pack
grammar add-on
comprehension
advanced grammar
word list flashcards
teaching props
additional items


upcoming conferences
upcoming workshops
online network


catalog
 
informational brochure
price list
online store


let's connect

















your personal guide to teaching
                    

handwriting, phonics, reading & spelling
                    

get your guide now
                    









your personal guide to teaching
                    

grammar & basic composition
                    

learn more
                    








begin the fundamentals today with
                    

basic phonics & handwriting
                    

get started for free
                    









 




homeschooling parents
empowering homeschooled children in handwriting, spelling, reading, and grammar, so they can excel in all subjects.

learn more




 




struggling students
easily understandable english program accelerating student achievement based on individual strengths and struggles.

learn more




 




professional educators
equipping professional educators in a proven handwriting, spelling, reading, grammar, and composition curriculum.

learn more







our unique approach


 




multi-sensory
learn a 3 step process to link speech sounds to letters and letter patterns.




 




multi-student
instructions for each grade level are contained in every lesson.




 




multi-grade level
builds sequentially upon what each student has already learned.






 




multi-subject
fun with reading, handwriting, spelling, grammar, and composition




 




multi-modality
the best of visual, auditory, kinesthetic (tactile), and visual learning.




 




support & encouragement
we team with you to work toward the common goal.











creativity, passion and excellence. we discover the hidden genius in every child.













reading works
a step-by-step guide for teaching handwriting, phonics, reading, and spelling.

 grades k - 12











grammar works
a step-by-step manual for equipping students to master the english language.

 grades k - 8











writing works
a classical analytical, and historical approach to advanced grammar and writing.

 grades 9 - 12
















 years
                                
40+ years teaching junior and senior high english



 students
                                
thousands of students taught using the works process



 teachers
                                
more than 1500 homeschool parents and professional teachers trained to use the works process












what parents are saying




“previous programs we have used had my daughter convinced she hated language arts and was not very intelligent. after a month..., she was saying that spelling was her favorite subject in school! when asked why, she said, ‘i understand it now.’ she actually brings a piece of paper into the kitchen while i am cooking and asks me to give her words to spell, just for fun! this from a child who shed countless tears last year over her spelling book!”
stacy walker from minnesota





“thank you so much for the time and effort you have put into reading works workshop over the years. ....i was so impressed with the drive you had to unlock the beauty of the writing road to reading. that you saw its genius and stuck with it and found a way to make it work for you and your students show your commitment to your students and the passion you have for them to succeed. that you have made the effort to share your discovery with others and have poured yourself into making it available to us through reading works and grammar works shows the broadness of your heart. thank you so much.”
alison grotberg from north dakota





“as a college english major with a fairly good grasp of the english language, i honestly expected little more from the reading works workshop. how delightfully surprised i was. i found the workshop not only informative but inspirational and challenging. i can hardly wait to teach my children using reading works and the writing road to reading, and to learn so much that has been lacking from my own education. when i realize all i have to learn in the area in which i feel i am fairly knowledgeable, i am absolutely frightened of my inadequacies in math and science. thank you...i am exceedingly grateful.”
stacy picard from iowa












 


 
let's  connect

the works people
500 victoria dr. alexandria, mn 56308

  218-731-3072
  support@theworkspeople.com




 



© copyright the works people 2017 - 2024 


 







 































