






easy divers cyprus • padi courses • scuba diving in cyprus • try scuba



































































































































facebookxinstagrammailcall us now:  (+357) 99 085054              e-mail: dive@ezdivers.com 








home
about us

easy divers cyprus
the dive team
gift cards
privacy policy
divemaster internship cyprus


try scuba
padi courses

padi elearning
padi discover scuba diving
padi open water diver
padi advanced open water diver
padi nitrox course
padi specialty courses
emergency first response
padi rescue diver
padi divemaster
divemaster internship cyprus
padi instructor course


zenobia wreck
dive sites

zenobia wreck
local dive sites
green bay
da costa bay
the caves
cyclops cave
nemesis wreck
musan underwater sculpture museum
hms cricket wreck
the blue hole
the chapel dive site
liberty wreck


price list
blog
contact us
search




menu


menu

 









welcome to easy divers cyprus !
 padi 5 star instructor development dive centre
join us and discover fantastic underwater world ! scuba diving in cyprus is our passion we have been sharing with you for the last 20 years.


celebrating 20 years of excellence



try scuba diving
discover scuba diving is the program that we offer for beginners. never tried diving but you are curious how it is to breath underwater?
you tried and liked it, but need some more practice before taking the padi course? discover scuba diving is for you.
discover the underwater world of cyprus


book now


get your padi
padi open water diver course is your first step to become certified diver and enjoy underwater wonders around the world.
throughout this course you’ll learn fundamentals of scuba diving, including dive equipment, techniques and safety procedures. it is the most popular dive program in the world!
learn to dive in cyprus


get your padi 


our dive sites
we will show you all the best diving spots near protaras and ayia napa.
one of the most beautiful spots for scuba diving in cyprus are green bay, the caves and cyclops dive sites in the scenic cape grecko area, the hidden jewels of cyprus.
zenobia wreck is one of the best dive site in the world!


our dive sites

why easy divers cyprus ?


5 star service
small groups
safety & quality
no hidden costs
experienced and friendly staff
free local pick-up service

as padi 5 star idc centre we comply with highest standards of scuba industry. we use only top quality scuba diving equipment. our cylinder filling station is regularly inspected to ensure the air you breath is safe and clean.
for your comfort and safety we always dive in small groups. emergency oxygen and first aid kit is always available.  additionally, we provide complementary nitrox for all wreck dives for eanx certified divers.








the zenobia wreck
one of the top wreck dive site in the world!
got a diving certificate?
you can’t miss the zenobia wreck dive with stunning views of the wrecked trucks and giant fish! the zenobia wreck is so exciting that it attracts divers from all over the world.
we are the zenobia wreck specialists.


zenobia wreck


padi advanced diver
looking for the ultimate adventure? you found it!
continue your diving education and participate in more demanding dives reserved only for advanced divers.
five adventure dives under the supervision of a padi instructor.
this course allows you to dive to a depth of 30 meters.


padi advanced course


nitrox course
the most popular padi specialty course.


why? because scuba diving with enriched air nitrox gives you more no decompression time, especially on repetitive scuba dives.
if staying down longer and getting back in the water sooner sounds appealing, then don’t hesitate to become an enriched air nitrox diver.




nitrox course


celebrating 20 years of excellence



gift cards
looking for a perfect gift idea
experiences make people super happy, and what better experience than exploring underwater world? scuba diving gift card is a perfect present for birthdays, holidays and special occasions.
give your friends and loved ones the gift of scuba diving.


gift cards


dive shop – equipment and more
our padi centre is fully stocked dive shop for all water-lover’s needs. masks, fins, rash-guards and t-shirts. whatever you may need on your holidays – we have it!
we are the largest and best supplied dive shop in the area with branded scuba gear like mares, scubapro, beuchat and others along with various watersports products.
only top quality scuba diving equipment and padi materials are sold in our dive store.


about us
divinghow to overcome scuba diver panic and anxiety —  best tips for fresh diversread more
21/05/2021/by anna krawczyk

https://www.ezdivers.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/scuba-diver-panic-4.jpg
480
640


anna krawczyk

https://www.ezdivers.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/logo-ez-long-300x136.png

anna krawczyk2021-05-21 13:47:042021-05-21 22:07:45how to overcome scuba diver panic and anxiety —  best tips for fresh divers
blog

go pro — divemaster & instructor



divemaster course


divemaster internship


padi idc


scuba diving in cyprus – padi courses – easy divers cyprus 


read: why cyprus is the best place to learn scuba diving!


20years of experience
11,000padi discover scuba
24600customers served
20dive sites
4team members

  


© copyright 2024 all rights reserved - easy divers cyprus padi dive centre address: leoforos protara - kavo gkreko 352, protaras 5296, cyprus. - enfold wordpress theme by kriesi
facebookxinstagrammail






scroll to top

book now































































