





"worldshaking" fanfic





































skip to content









menu



"worldshaking" fanfic


home
original fiction
fan fiction
contact
 





"worldshaking" fanfic



















a random thought = a new fanfic! 




posted on june 8, 2022june 8, 2022  





i was re-reading the fourth volume of i’m in love with the villainess, by inori, illustrated by hanagata, originally from gl bunko, published in english by seven seas and suddenly was overcome with a thought. what became of the students from nur who came to bauer as part of the exchange? i was in the…








a new, very old strawberry panic mashup! 




posted on december 12, 2021june 16, 2022  





here is the only strawberry panic! fanfic i ever even considered writing. it’s called peashooters. if you have read my maria-sama ga miteru story, the pirates are coming,” this story may seem eerily similar to you. it’s not your imagination. here’s the story behind the story: back in 2008 strawberry panic! translator, the late and…








a new fanficlet, a new category on miscellaneous 




posted on february 7, 2021may 9, 2021  





so, yeah, i’m actually a lot  obsessed with watashi no oshi ha akujyaku reijou. (私の押しが悪役令嬢。) which is out in english as i’m in love with the villainess (in two volumes so far of what looks like it will be 5 volumes of a light novel…and a manga series.) this is hardly a fanfic, just a…








miscellaneous fanfic is restored, welcome back to “worldshaking” fanfic! 




posted on october 3, 2020october 3, 2020  





miscellaneous fanfic has been restored! in the course of 30 years of writing fanfic, i have ranged across a wide swatch of fandom. i’ve always had an obsession with old, obscure (to american fandom) series and here you can find the product of those obsessions. some of these stories are for series that never have…








revolutionary girl utena page has been restored 




posted on september 29, 2020september 29, 2020  





i was sitting in front of my ancient analog tv, watching a nth-generation video from a shady video rental service at the localest japanese mall to me, some 45 minutes away by car. i was sharing this moment with a young woman my wife and i had become acquainted with through something else, and as…








cardcaptor sakura and xena pages are restored 




posted on september 27, 2020september 29, 2020  





while working on these two pages and their several dozen stories i was faced with two completely different eras of my life. xena warrior princess was not the first series i’d written fanfic for,  but it was the first i ever made public. not because i was scared, back in the 70s and 80s the…








sailor moon fanfic page is up and running! 




posted on september 25, 2020september 25, 2020  





the sailor moon fanfic page is alive once again. it was a surprisingly complicated rebuild. almost 25 years have passed since some of these stories were written (and, probably read, if i’m being honest. ^_^) some of the stories had to be found on internet archive, others were reformatted for the first time in more…








let me tell you a story 




posted on september 23, 2020september 24, 2020  





once upon a time, a long time ago, in pretty much the same place i am now, in a cosmic sense, there i was, practically not able to breathe because i was reading a fanfic so funny and so awful and so meta that i still think about it to this day. it was not…








maria-sama ga miteru fanfic page has been restored! 




posted on september 22, 2020  





the maria-sama ga miteru page has been restored and updated! you are once again invited to join the members of the lillian jogakuen student council, the yamayurikai, with their gracious and graceful leaders, rosa chinensis, rosa foetida and rosa gigantea, as they smile beatifically down upon the lillian student body, as does maria-sama.








original fiction page is up and running 




posted on september 20, 2020september 22, 2020  





my original fiction page has been restored and updated. new fiction will once have a home, happy day! i don’t want to discount the importance of updating my fanfiction spaces, but realistically, most of my fiction for many years has been original work. too many new stories in my head to work in the spaces…





1
2
next





about this site fanfiction and original fiction
by erica friedman
let me tell you a story








 


			©2025 "worldshaking" fanfic							

					 | wordpress theme by  superbthemes.com


















