



tranquility spa scarsdale - tranquility spa scarsdale















 










































go
 




















 




explore menu







about 

about tranquility spa 
about your visit 
news 
blog 
photo album 
testimonials 
faqs 
privacy notice 


services 

massage 
spa facials 
hydrafacials 
body treatments 
laser treatments 
waxing 
dermaplaning 
microdermabrasion 
lamprobe 
laser hair removal 
spa packages 
microneedling 


spa parties 
gift certificates 
spa specials 
contact 

contact tranquility 
address & directions 














spa facials





therapeutic massage





revitalizing dead sea mud treatment





renewing romantic couples massages

























  

for 30 years now, tranquility spa in scarsdale has been westchester’s destination location for an extraordinary, life-enhancing experience: a short-term getaway vacation to focus your mind, relax your body and free your soul. a therapeutic oasis in westchester, tranquility is a place where stress reduction and relaxation are more than merely a luxury, but rather a way of life. whether you enjoy massage therapy, body treatments, facial treatments, microdermabrasion, lam probe, waxing services, laser hair removal, any combination of these, or a full day of multi-service pampering, the tranquility spa’s entire environment is designed for and devoted to achieving this peace for you!
gift certificates, with print-at-home convenience, are available directly on this site to purchase all tranquility services and special packages, to delight loved ones, family, friends – and yourself.  



tranquility spa celebrates 30th anniversary


posted by: tranquility spa on friday, october 15, 2021


 
stephanie hershkowitz, general manager and a principal of tranquility spa in the midway shopping center, has announced the 30th anniversary of the business. the facility has operated continuously since its opening and experienced steady growth and expansion. “our current location is 6,030 square feet,” says hershkowitz, “with a reception area of 600 feet. that was just about the entire size of our first location.”
the business was formed in 1991 by hershkowitz’s uncle, dr. andrew schwartz, an endodontist with a practice in scarsdale, and her mother, billie adelson, who had studied to become a licensed esthetician. dr. schwartz was frequenting a gym at 800 central avenue, scarsdale, and noticed an empty space across the hall. sensing an opportunity afforded by the neighboring gym and the clientele it regularly attracted for personal training, the two partnered to lease the space and launch tranquility spa, a modest four-room operation headed by adelson offering massages and facials. 

read more


what people are saying about tranquility spa now!

"fantastic! – a small price to pay to return to tranquility spa"
”in the ‘new normal,’ i found that my massages were still fantastic!  i had no trouble calling in when i reached the parking lot and the young woman who answered said she would call me right back after she checked that my massage therapist was waiting for me. i was greeted at the front desk and went directly downstairs where i was escorted into the massage room and told to put all my clothes and my sandals into a bin.  afterwards i got my own water and left the spa immediately. yes, i miss the steam room and showering before my massage (i shower at home).  but it is a small price to pay, enabling me to return to tranquility spa.thank you for all your efforts to making me feel safe under these circumstances.”
heda s., white plains, ny


“safe, immaculate – my round trip to heaven!"
“after months of tranquility being closed due to covid19, my body was screaming for a massage. not fully knowing what to expect i had concerns that were quickly put to rest. tranquility spa was immaculate in every way. plexiglass screens were up in the reception area. the employees all wore face masks and the massage therapists also wore a face shield and apron. some amenities like the locker room, showers, steam room, robes and the lounge area are not yet permitted however that did not detract from an outstanding massage and what i call my round trip to heaven. only a day out from my massage and i am already looking forward to my next massage. what a wonderful experience and an amazing staff.”
ray l.,  larchmont, ny


"the new way allows me to feel safe & protected"
“i am a nyc guidance counselor and i decided to start my summer with a cbd massage. it was the best decision i could have made!! i will only have cbd massages moving forward! my therapist was so professional and made sure i was comfortable with the new protocols. i did not feel claustrophobic at all while in the face cradle, and was so relaxed when lying on my back that i didn't even realize i had a face mask on. this new way of doing things allows me to feel safe and protected and take care of myself once again, both mentally and physically. i will be returning really soon!”
stephanie s.,  hartsdale, ny

read more testimonials










tranquility spa news

cbd massage for pain relief
 published monday, august 29, 2022 one increasingly popular way to experience the soothing benefits of cbd is through the skin: hence, the relatively recent development of infusing massage creams with cbd oil - with massage therapists using those creams to help relieve pain from arthritis, exercise and/or sports injuries. people who have experienced cbd massage say it helps with inflammation and healing, but the most commonly reported benefit is a feeling of deep relaxation during and following a full-body cbd massage. more»
more news








join our email list 
fill out the fields below to receive special offers & other emails
first name  



last name  



email address  





check: 
 special offers
 events
 news


   
         






















tranquility spa news
testimonials
newsletter sign up



 












 
917 central park avenue | scarsdale, ny | 914.713.0066
monday-friday 10am to 7pm  |  saturday-sunday 9am to 6pmprivacy notice
copyright © 2017-2022  tranquility spa
designed, maintained and hosted by dott-communicationsabout
 | services
 | spa parties
 | gift certificates
 | spa specials
 | contact








