







home | kubatana





















































































































skip to content








 









home
about us

what we do
how we do it


updates
campaigns
contact
 

 

home
about us

what we do
how we do it


updates
campaigns
contact
 











 

search


 













 

 

 



















 
kubatana sliderif you're not outragedyou're not paying attentionfor twenty years, we've delivered credible, verified information to thousands of zimbabweans
show me more 



 












 



























 




















 





who we are 

















kubatana is a civil society information hub in zimbabwe. 



for twenty years, this team has delivered credible, verified information to thousands of zimbabweans: meeting people where they’re at, with what they need, every single day. keeping our finger on the pulse, we pick up on what matters, connecting the dots and delivering timely distilled analysis to our community with funk and flair. 










 




							two-way conversations						














 




							credible, verified information						














 




							finger on the pulse						














 




							connecting the dots						















 




















updates 



















human rights 

31 august 2022 zlhr fights for release of detained clergyman and 34 congregants zimbabwe lawyers for human rights (zlhr) has intensified efforts to get a clergyman and 34 church members released from prison, where they have spent close... 





human rightsmediapolitical parties 

25 august 2022 journalists attacked ahead of opposition rally four journalists were reportedly severely assaulted when violence erupted ahead of a rally that was scheduled to be addressed by citizens coalition for change (ccc)... 





human rights 

25 august 2022 village head chikutu acquitted, intimidation and threats persists the state failed to establish a prima facie case and yesterday, august 24, 2022, village head chikutu was acquitted at chiredzi magistrate's court. chikutu was... 





electionshuman rights 

25 august 2022 by-election incident ends with acquittal of hakata a zimbabwean court has acquitted a thirty four year-old man, who had been on trial on charges of disorderly conduct after he was arrested by... 





elections 

23 august 2022 concern over increase in fees for external oversight by zec erc notes with grave concern the amendments to fees for the nominations of candidates, accreditation of observers and to access the voters roll by the... 



 







 
all updates →
















 





 









the numbers 























 







0





whatsapp subscribers 









 







0





e:zine email subscribers 









 







0





facebook followers 









 







0





twitter followers 




















 





community 





















                        "thanks for the well researched, informative articles - it's a breath of fresh air!"                    






                                vimbai                            









                        "i appreciate your platform
because it gives me hope that
we can care and share with
each other information that
build and not destroy our
country"                    






                                farai                            









                        "i managed to convince
other people to vote
through information l got
from kubatana"                    






                                david                            









                        "because of kubatana
have been able to speak
out my mind freely about
what i believe in..."                    






                                sindiso                            









                        "i love your newsletter. there is always
 something that makes me smile or laugh out loud."                    






                                jackie                            
























follow us 

















facebook 



 







instagram 




error validating access token: the session has been invalidated because the user changed their password or facebook has changed the session for security reasons.
 







twitter 




bad authentication data. 



















 



kubatana is a civic societyinformation hub in zimbabwe 






twitter
 



facebook-f
 



instagram
 










get in touch 






 
+263 779 567 768




 
info@kubatana.net















									© 2025 kubatana | website designed by gareth wynn design 







































