












grasshopper virtual phone system | start your free trial






























































































resourcessupportcontact uslog in 


 
 









                                why grasshopper?
                                






                                                    get started
                                                

how it works


add-on features


customer stories




                                                    top features
                                                

desktop + mobile apps


business texting


call forwarding


voip + wifi calling


voicemail transcription


virtual receptionist


instant response






                                types of numbers
                                





vanity numbers


toll free numbers


local numbers


port your current number



pricing
buy now








keep personal and business calls separate.
get up to $75 off select virtual phone plans when you buy today. find additional savings when you choose annual.


buy now


















2.5 billion
minutes served





400 million
texts sent and received





1 million
accounts created









get your perfect business number.
put your best foot forward with the right number for your business.











toll-free number

                        give your business a national presence and sound more professional with a 833, 844, 855, 866, 877, 888, or true 800 number.
                    



vanity numbers

                        add a personal flair with a vanity number, like 1-800-yourbiz.
                    



local numbers

                        create trust and credibility for your locally-run business with a local number in any city of your choice!
                    



start a free trial


                        already have a number? port your number to grasshopper »










why grasshopper?













an affordable virtual phone system 
with plans starting at just $14 a month, grasshopper works with your budget.
stay connected on the go
the grasshopper app keeps you reachable to customers, anytime and anyplace.
24/7 support
we’re here to help, any time you need us, by phone or chat. 
no hardware needed
grasshopper works right on your smartphone or computer. you don’t need to buy any additional phones or equipment.
it's time to get started!
set up your business number and start calling and texting in four easy steps.



start for free












get started with grasshopper in 4 easy steps.




1
choose your number

choose a toll-free, vanity, or local number. or, port your current number!



2
select your plan

try grasshopper free for 7 days, or get started right away with a monthly or annual plan.



3
download the app

call and text from anywhere on ios, android, or desktop.



4
call and text

forward to your personal number and start calling and texting right away.





start a free trial










i love that grasshopper can auto-text new clients if i miss their call. it keeps them from just calling someone else.
paul daniels, 540 photography

                                    paul uses: business texting, incoming call control, and instant response










my call greeting makes me sound so professional. and my corporate customers love that they can fax me their orders!
kate motter, bake it happen

                                    kate uses: custom greetings, business texting, and inbound fax










our vanity number helps customers easily identify and remember my business.
carl cyrius, the oasis firm

                                    carl uses: vanity number, virtual fax, and business texting










this allows me to maintain privacy in my personal and professional lives and also to have more easy access to clients.
diana, mental health therapist

                                    diana uses: extensions, virtual fax, and voicemail transcription










i’m impressed with the features that grasshopper offers, and the simplicity of how the system works.
doug pulliam, benefit results, llc

                                    doug uses: professional voice studio, voicemail transcription, and custom greetings










grasshopper stays ahead of the curve by anticipating what i’ll need from my business phone system next.
kathy vitcak, the blissful dog 

                                    kathy uses: vanity number, virtual fax, and business texting




















a virtual phone system in your pocket.
grasshopper gives you the features you need to stay connected on the go.






desktop + mobile apps

stay connected with grasshopper on your desktop, iphone or android device. 

learn more about mobile + desktop apps »








business texting

provide updates and quick replies via text messaging on your business number. 

learn more about business texting »








call forwarding

route business calls to your personal phone or to another team member. 

learn more about call forwarding »








voicemail transcription

get your voicemails transcribed so you can read them without having to listen to the message! 

learn more about voicemail transcription »








voip/wi-fi calling

use your internet connection to make and receive calls when cell reception is poor.

learn more about voip/wi-fi calling » 








voicemail

set up a voicemail for business calls and get mp3s of your messages through email.

learn more about voicemail »








simultaneous call handling

take calls from multiple people at the same time so no one hears a busy signal.

learn more about simultaneous call handling »








virtual fax

have incoming faxes delivered as pdf attachments right to your email inbox.

learn more about virtual fax »








extensions

give employees or departments extensions with their own call forwarding rules.

learn more about extensions » 








custom greetings

record professional messages that welcome your customers when they call in. 
learn more about custom greetings »








incoming call control

screen callers, block calls and set up custom schedules for your business hours.

learn more about incoming call control »








call transfers

place callers on hold and even transfer them to another number when needed.

learn more about call transfers » 








reporting

keep your finger on the pulse of your business with detailed call reports. 

learn more about reporting »








business phone number

choose from our inventory of vanity, local, or toll-free numbers. or port your own for free!








instant response

automatically send a text to new callers when you can’t answer their call.
learn more about instant response » 








ruby receptionist

live us-based receptionists can help answer your grasshopper calls! 
learn more about ruby receptionists  » 








call recording

set up automatic recording for all inbound calls, all outbound calls, or both. available on every extension.











frequently asked questions


                            is grasshopper an app?
                        

                            yes — there is a grasshopper app (available on ios, android and desktop), where texting, voicemail and settings can be accessed. you can also use grasshopper without the app to forward calls straight to your phone number
                        



                            what is grasshopper?
                        

grasshopper is a simple and easy-to-use virtual phone system (calls, texts, custom greetings, extensions, inbound fax, and more) that provides you with a second phone number for your personal phone, so you can keep business and personal calls separate.
                        



                            does grasshopper replace my service provider? 
                        

                            no. grasshopper is an entrepreneur phone system that provides a number of great features, including a second phone number, but you still need a service provider for your personal phone number, where your grasshopper calls will be forwarded.
                        



                            when do i pick my phone number(s)?
                        

                            you pick your main phone number during the sign up process, and any additional numbers are chosen and managed by logging into your grasshopper account, after checkout.
                        



                            do i have to pay by the minute?
                        

                            all of our plans include unlimited minutes! your app usage is restricted only by your carrier’s dataplan.
                        



                            is grasshopper a voip (voice over internet protocol) phone service?
                        

                            grasshopper primarily uses your service provider’s cellular network for incoming and outgoing calls. grasshopper does offer both wifi and voip calling options, but they are not the default.
                        



                            how good is grasshopper’s call quality?
                        

                            the quality and reliability is the exact same as your service provider, since we use their network for all your calls!
                        








choose your business number today.
save time and money with a virtual phone system that works where you work.


start for free







related links:




866 phone numbers


get a local phone number for your business


new york (ny) phone numbers with local area codes 212, 315, 347, 516, 646 and 917






855 phone numbers


los angeles (la) phone numbers with local area codes


toll free phone numbers








grasshopper


get started


overview


how it works


customer stories




top features


desktop + mobile apps


business texting


call forwarding


voip + wifi calling


voicemail transcription






types of numbers


toll free numbers


vanity numbers


local numbers


port your number




helpful links


buy now


referral program


partners & affiliates


support 


blog


resources


academy


sign in








contact us




 


 

 









 

 









 

 









 




terms & conditions


privacy policy


gdpr


sitemap


do not sell or share my personal info


copyright 2003-2025 grasshopper. all rights reserved.








×








browser not supported.

                grasshopper.com is currently not supported in your browser. please try opening the site using the latest version of chrome, firefox, safari, or edge.
            
i understand, take me to the site anyway






