




















johnson c. smith university



















      skip to main content
    































utility menu






apply


visit


give


search


menu





















main navigation (first col)






about jcsu



admissions



athletics



academics



life at jcsu



giving



news & events











main navigation (mid col)






about jcsu

vision, mission & values
our city
president and leadership
contact
our history
diversity and inclusion
tour
campus map
visit jcsu
accreditation
gold(en) blueprint
jcsu transformation
office of title ix and equity compliance
federal requirements




admissions

freshman admissions
transfer students
international students
readmittance
evening and online classes
transient admission
graduate admissions
admissions faqs
summer school admission
tuition and financial aid
financial aid faqs
financial aid options
university costs and fees
golden bull academy
2024-25 golden bull brand ambassadors
fall open house 2024
fall preview day - open campus tour




athletics

men's basketball
women's basketball
bowling
men's cross country
women's cross country
football
golf
softball
men's tennis
women's tennis
men's track
woman's track
volleyball




academics

academic calendar
exam schedule
student handbook
university catalog
undergraduate program
master of social work
lactation program
archived catalogs
schools and colleges




life at jcsu

dean of students
office of student leadership and engagement
health and wellness
student organizations
greek life
golden bull activities committee
intramural sports and recreation
royal court
student government association
jcsu disability services




giving

give online
give now
ways to give
where your money goes
donor recognition
about institutional advancement
transformational initiatives and projects




news & events

founders' week 2025















apply
university directory academic calendar student handbook faculty & staff current students parents & family  covid information  contact
























prev
prev



































                            your browser does not support the video tag.
                        

go here glow anywhere































 jcsu is where the brightest come to be brilliant 


our hbcu connects charlotte and the world to the next generation of bold innovators and leaders who are shaped by our strong traditions, vibrant campus spirit and thriving student-led atmosphere.


visit

apply now










































open house

 





                            1867 gold & blue round - up - spring open house 2025
                        

saturday, march 29, 2025 
9 a.m. - 2 p.m. 
discover your future at the 1867 gold & blue round - up - spring open house 2024. join us on march 29, 2025,  9 a.m. - 2 p.m., to experience our vibrant culture, rich hbcu heritage, and your perfect academic haven. your future shines here! 



learn more about our open house




















                    explore by area of study
                  


tabs

 all of our undergraduate programs
 biology
 business administration
 chemistry
 communication arts
 computer engineering
 computer science/information systems
 criminology
 cultural studies
 information systems engineering
 interdisciplinary studies
 mathematics
 music
 psychology
 political science
 public health
 social work
 sport management






interested in learning more about our programs? pick from our dropdown menu to find out more about what we have to offer. 


all our programs
master of social work
lactation certificate program




biologists study the life forms all around us. as a major in our program you'll be able to work with just about any life form — from humans and animals to plants and parasites. our biology program at jcsu will ensure that you graduate with the hands-on experience and knowledge necessary for a successful career within the medical or scientific community.


learn more




the department of business and public leadership’s goal is to equip the next generation of industry leaders with the knowledge and skills to meet the dynamic challenges in our global society.


learn more




do you know why chemistry is called the “central science?" it’s because all branches of science — and all careers in science — require you to have a solid understanding of chemistry. as a trained chemist, you’ll be in high demand for industry and government positions, and you’ll have the ability to succeed in a number of graduate or professional programs.


learn more




the best stories are told by people who are passionate about what they do. no matter what story you want to tell, the communication arts program at jcsu will teach you how to do it well so that others will want to listen.


learn more




have you ever wondered how to design and build mobile and industrial robots to perform specific operations, and how to implement microcontrollers to fulfill specific function controls in all aspects in our real world? 
if you decide to become a computer engineering major at jcsu, you’ll learn what makes microcontrollers and robots tick. you’ll even have the chance to build some of them your own.


learn more




computers play a major part of our everyday lives, and that isn’t going to change anytime soon.
computer science information system major combine computer science, information technology and business administration. the program will give you the technical foundations and prepare you to apply it solutions in a business context and use them to develop opportunities for growth.


learn more




forensics investigators, judges and corrections officers are vital to our communities. they ensure our safety and that justice is served fairly in our court systems.
at jcsu, our students get a complete view of the criminal justice system. regardless of where you see yourself in the system, what you learn in our program will put you on the right track for a successful career serving your fellow citizens.


learn more




culture is not just the traditions we follow or the values we hold. culture is how we know ourselves and even make ourselves. the cultural studies major program at jcsu will empower you to examine how culture is a powerful driver in our media-saturated world.


learn more




have you ever wondered how scientists are able to create, operate and maintain large-scale information systems?
at jcsu, we’re looking for curious minds like yours to help us find solutions to real-world problems in information systems engineering domain that manages the blending of software, hardware, networks and security.


learn more




the actions of one person can have an amazing impact on society. however, today’s social issues are so complex, they require some pretty creative answers.
as an interdisciplinary studies major at jcsu, you won’t be confined to just one program of study. our flexible program allows you to combine two or three majors to create a unique major that fits your career goals.


learn more




in the 17th century, isaac newton and gottfried liebnitz — two giants of the mathematic world — both developed the first real theory of the infinite. they fought over who was first for the rest of their lives, but it created what we call calculus. 
calculus lies at the heart of that idea, and learning how it can be applied to everyday situations will change your world.


learn more




some people were born to shine under the spotlight. if you consider yourself to be a rising star, or if you want to help others tap into their talent through engineering, music production or teaching, our music program may be the right fit for you.
as a music major at jcsu, you’ll have the opportunity to fine-tune your creativity and develop the skills to express yourself through sound.


learn more




there are few subjects as fascinating and mysterious as the human brain. to find the answers, the world needs caring and dedicated people like you who want to help others improve their mental and emotional health.


learn more




the political science program at jcsu is designed for students who want to pursue a higher degree in law school or graduate school, ambitious individuals who want hands-on experience in politics, as well as majors and non-majors who are interested in political discussions.


learn more




as a public health major at jcsu, you won’t just study diet and nutrition. courses in sexuality, substance abuse and the home environment will give you the knowledge you need to lead others to a healthier, happier life.
choose where you can make the most impact by focusing your study on either the community health concentration or a concentration in school health for grades k-12.


learn more




social workers make the world a better place. they work with low-income families, children, recovering addicts and the elderly to provide them with housing, food, employment, health care—and most importantly — hope for the future.


learn more




the world of sports is an exciting and unique field. because of its fast-pace and household names, it’s often glamorized by hollywood in movies and tv shows.
many students come into our programming thinking they want the fame and fortune of being a sports agent. however, you’ll find that our range of courses will open your eyes to careers in sport you never knew existed.


learn more


















































































                                                fast
facts






                                                    1,306 students






 









                                                    #1 privatehbcu in north carolina
                                                

                                                        (u.s. news & world report)
                                                    





                                                    15 ncaadivision ii 


                                                        teams
                                                    
















  














see all quick facts












                                            fast
facts






  








 









                                                1,306 students








                                                #1 privatehbcu in north carolina
                                            

                                                    (u.s. news & world report)
                                                





                                                15 ncaadivision ii 


                                                    teams
                                                








  

















see all quick facts











                                            fast
facts










                                                1,306 students






                                                #1 privatehbcu in north carolina
                                            

                                                    (u.s. news & world report)
                                                





                                                15 ncaadivision ii 


                                                    teams
                                                







 






















  







see all quick facts


































feature news


see all news
































historic mister & miss hbcu conference and competition comes to charlotte


















january 30, 2025







history was made as the first-ever joint mister hbcu and miss hbcu conference and competition took center stage in charlotte. this groundbreaking event showcased the leadership, talent and advocacy of student royalty from historically black colleges and universities, while also marking the inaugural miss hbcu competition. the expansion provided a new platform for queens to uplift and advocate for hbcu culture worldwide.

read more




















telling our story: the growth of the department of veterans and military affairs 


















january 14, 2025







since early august, the johnson c. smith university department of veterans and military affairs, under the direction of dr. cheryl harris curtis, has undergone a remarkable transformation, experiencing exponential growth and significant changes. one significant change was the hiring of veterans services coordinator rikketta franklin, m.ed., on aug. 19, 2024. after franklin’s position, an additional four were granted through the veterans administration (va). the department scaled from a single person to a team of six within one semester. 

read more




















celebrating national scholarship month


















november 25, 2024







sixty-five percent of johnson c. smith university students are pell grant-eligible, a statistic that underscores the exceptional financial need of its students.  
in 2023, jcsu got to work in helping to connect students with more scholarship opportunities by hiring shirley townsend to take on the role of scholarship coordinator and financial aid counselor.

read more




















duke energy teaches jcsu students about professionalism and career development 


















november 12, 2024







for the second consecutive year, duke energy corporation hosted a comprehensive career development & professionalism workshop aimed at empowering students with the skills, knowledge, and confidence to succeed in today’s competitive job market. 

the event took place on saturday, nov. 2, in the james b. duke library where duke energy provided breakfast, lunch, and numerous giveaways. the power up bootcamp attracted a diverse group of more than 33 undergraduate students from various majors who were eager to enhance their career readiness and skills as well as develop other essential professional competencies.

read more















see all news





















aot gala

 





                            you're invited


please join johnson c. smith university for the arch of triumph gala on april 5, 2025, at the charlotte convention center. 



get more information about the gala

buy tickets or sponsor a table





























image













 






















golden academics

 





                            grow your
brilliance


at jcsu, you're presented with golden opportunities inside and outside of the classroom to flaunt your brains and brilliant perspective.



undergraduate academic programs

admissions




















                                    a vibrant
culture


life at jcsu today has its roots in a rich history dating back to the founding of the university in 1867. our community is a family that celebrates the diversity on our campus and comes together to learn more about one another at every turn.








    





















plan your visit





request info





apply now















 
    we're shining
on social


 facebook


 instagram


 twitter


 















































100 beatties ford road
charlotte, nc 28216
704.378.1000
© 2022 johnson c. smith university










footer






alumni


bookstore


careers


bullsnav


covid information


conference & event services


library


non-tuition payments


parents & families


photo library


press


resources


safety


university communications & marketing










 facebook


 instagram


 twitter




© 2025 johnson c. smith university





























