






north carolina fisheries association, inc. | promoting nc commercial fishermen




































home
about us

join
donate
contact


calendar
issues

maintaining high standards
dedicated to sustainability
supporting sound science


tradewinds
weekly update
resources

nc division of marine fisheries
got to be nc seafood
southern shrimp alliance
saving seafood
fishery nation


 


select page


  
 
 











north carolina fisheries association
promoting sustainable  fisheries since 1952












about us



commercial fishermen established the north carolina fisheries association, inc. (ncfa) in 1952 to serve fishing families by advocating for sustainable fisheries, preserving fishing heritage, and promoting wild-caught north carolina seafood. to achieve this, ncfa participates in every aspect of the fishery management process and actively lobbies both state and federal policymakers on behalf of north carolina’s fishing families. more than six decades later, ncfa still believes north carolina’s fishing industry begins and ends with families – from those who harvest seafood to those who enjoy it.










maintaining high standardscommercial fishing is the 7th most regulated industry in the united states, and north carolina has one of the nation’s most rigorous legal and regulatory management processes.

learn more





dedicated to sustainabilitynorth carolina commercial fishermen are national leaders in bycatch reduction and are dedicated to developing gear and best practices that will preserve our fisheries for generations to come.

learn more





supporting sound sciencecommercial fishermen in north carolina actively participate in fisheries management, bringing experience that lends credibility to good science and refutes questionable science.

learn more








always nc fresh
always nc fresh, funded by the north carolina commercial fishing resource fund (nccfrf), works to increase awareness of commercial fishing and fishermen, support existing sustainable fishing practices and help commercial fishermen communicate their contributions – economic, cultural and environmental – to the state and its citizens.
learn more at alwaysncfresh.com
































friends of ncfa

































contact us








addresses
  101 n. 5th streetmorehead city, nc 28557
  po box 86morehead city, nc 28557








call us
(252) 726-6232 (ncfa)








email us
contact@ncfish.org



















 





















