

electrical motor controls video training series








           


if you want the best electrical and motor controls and  programmable controllers (plc) training
			you have come to the right place.
new rockwell automation
allen-bradley
controllogix training




it is a well known fact that electrical and automated plc-based equipment is inherently not safe if not operated and  worked on by trained personnel. not only are people at risk, but equipment and productivity are also at stake and therefore your plant’s profitability. 
			 

our training will help you:
with a safe troubleshooting practices approach to your production control equipment  
create or enhance your continuous improvement program at your location
protect equipment assets and personnel


we offer your staff proper skills training which will help you protect and prevent equipment damage


our training reinforces your staff with the understanding of control equipment operation,  
correct procedures and techniques to be used during troubleshooting


our training reinforces the important safety concerns that must be maintain during 
troubleshooting of equipment to keep your staff safe


our training will help eliminate “dangerous situations” in your maintenance engineering 
operations from lack of proper training, skills and troubleshooting techniques


reduce downtime. it is estimated that 30-40% of downtime can be directly attributable to a
				shortcomings in skill levels and training, therefore decreasing production efficiency


additionally, our programs have many tips on how to improve operations and save money by preventing many potential problems.

in addition to enforcing and maintaining the national electric code (nec), our programs also help complement and support 
the employee training requirements of osha 29 cfr 1090.332 and iso 9000 section 4.18 regulations




our programs are available in dvd format and  cd-rom interactive 
                                                           difference between the two? (click here)




training programs
you can purchase our programs as a complete series and save or simply purchase the individual programs you need.
			to find out more information on these programs click below.  want to see a sample of one of the handbooks? (click here)

electrical and motor controls training series (view demos)
(10 programs in series)-the best electrical program in the market

plc training series (view demos)
(10 modules in series)-the best plc program in the market
training validation
our practice, testing and assessment software is built-in our cd-rom interactive product.
			the perfect way to validate the training.

confirm your training program with our exclusive cd-rom interactive programs, the testing software in the program will do all the work for you. it tests the concepts explained in the program and it's available on each of our cd-rom interactive training programs.















free stuff
itv news
about itv
contact us
f.a.q.







copyright © industrial text & video company (itv)
questions? call 1-678-389-9484










 
 
  

