








cape ann vacations: visitor website







































































































 















cape ann vacations

activities
stay
events
shopping
eat
blog

essex
gloucester
ipswich
manchester-by-the-sea
rockport












 

 

 

 






welcome to greater cape ann
within the pages of this website, you’ll find a wealth of information highlighting the five communities that define this historic coastal region: essex, gloucester, ipswich, manchester-by-the-sea, and rockport. while they share a coastline, each offers its own unique and remarkable capacity to make memories whether you’re visiting for the first time, have recently relocated or have lived a lifetime here. you’ll discover that greater cape ann is far more than an ideal summer destination. you’ll learn that all its seasons promise exceptional arts and culture, delectable cuisine and incomparable hospitality. and, of course, the incredible salt air. if you’ve journeyed here to rest or write or paint or explore—greater cape ann will intrigue, inspire and rejuvenate.





 














guide & maps






cape ann events


all events






recent blog posts





beaches of cape ann (2023)
jump to town gloucester rockport manchester-by-the-sea ipswich gloucester starting memorial day weekend, 2023, gloucester non-residents will be required to make advance reservations for parking at (read more…)





gloucester & rockport named two of twelve most charming towns in massachusetts
excerpted from world atlas “from picturesque seaports in the south to quaint country villages in the north, massachusetts is home to some of the most (read more…)





63rd annual gloucester sidewalk bazaar
the 63rd annual gloucester sidewalk bazaar is scheduled to take place this weekend, thursday through saturday, august 4th to 6th on main street in downtown gloucester. this (read more…)












sideabr
















explore cape ann essex
gloucester
ipswich
manchester-by-the-sea
rockport

greater cape ann guide
greater cape ann map
rockport map
visitor centers
how to get here

plan your visit accommodations
activities
restaurants
shopping
calendar of events


beaches
lighthouses
museums & historic places
music, theatre & arts
whale watching



for regional and statewide travel information, please visit the following links.

north of boston convention & visitors bureau
and
massachusetts office of travel & tourism
greater cape ann chamber of commerce   24 harbor loop    gloucester, ma 01930
 
				all content © greater cape ann chamber of commerce
photography credits ·


connect with us (978) 283-1601
[map]     
contact us 












 

 





translate » 







menu title 

visitor websitethings to doaccommodationsshoppingdiningweddings & special functionsexplore cape ann▼essexgloucesteripswichmanchester-by-the-searockportplan your visitresources▼greater cape ann guidegreaer cape ann maprockport mapvisitor centersdirections to cape ann, ma 






















































