




fine furtography south florida pet photography - pet photo portraits 772-349-0044 in zip code 33444

































 

 




















fine furtography of south florida
the "top dog" in pet photography

serving jupiter, wpb, ft. lauderdale to n. miami















the convenient pet photo studio that comes to you!


772-349-0044


















 

























































i'm chichiclaus







falala la la la la









gift certificates!





call 772-349-0044
or fill out our form below








we come to your home

  your pets are more comfortable  
 it's easy for you 
 view your photos & order same     day   satisfaction guaranteed 


create custom holiday cards, tote bags, coffee mugs, mouse pads & shirts for your family.

enjoy the memories forever

 "top dog" travels from jupiter to north miami
 full photo shoot details below 




only $189.00 for a photo shoot in your home




your photo shoot includes your choice of 3 different poses or a comparable combination. photo gifts, holiday cards and canvas style portraits are also available.  satisfaction guaranteed!  
you will need to allow 2 hours for your photo shoot.  we bring lights, props and whatever is needed.  we shoot inside or out.  wherever your pet is most comfortable or whatever mood you want to create. 
after we photograph your pet and humans we preview your photos and put your order together.   adjustments can be made in photoshop where needed.  



 the perfect gift




this year give the gift of beautiful memories to your pet loving friends.



you will receive a customized gift card with their name to give your pet lover (as shown above).



you get everything listed under "we come to your home."



this gift lasts a lifetime, not some item that goes out of style or chew toy that's eaten in 5 minutes.



every time they look at these photos they will remember you!



gift certificates range from only $75 to $147.95 











i would like:

 more info about photographing my pet
 to possibly get a gift certificate
 other     

please tell us how to contact you:

first name:  
your phone: 
email address: 
your location:  


anything else you would like to tell us? 




















"top dog" beverly in disguise




 








testimonials from hairy lovers


"the christmas cards you made for me of my pet last year were so beautiful that my friends didn't believe it was a photograph. they thought it was a professional drawing or painting.  thank you so much.  see you next year!" -- carol, jupiter"i'm so glad we had these photographs taken. you really captured my dog lucy's personality and now i'll have a photo of my pet forever. she is my best friend.  thank you!" -- liria, coral springs "i love the photos you took of my two cats.  it wasn't easy either.  you really have a gift.  you are patient and everything came out beautiful.  thank you, thank you, thank you." -- nancy, delray beach
 


who is "top dog"?

top dog (aka beverly) has been photographing way too many pets for five years in south florida and she loves it!  she loves animals and photography.  how can it get any better than this!  four of her pet photographs were recently displayed at the cornell museum in delray beach, florida.  her work has also appeared in national geographic for kids.  the customer comment she hears most often is "you really did capture my pet's personality." 
we travel to north miami, hollywood, ft lauderdale, plantation, pompano, coral springs, boca raton, delray beach, boynton beach, lake worth, west palm beach, wellington, palm beach, jupiter, palm beach gardens and more.  we even fly if you buy.lots of references available - both pet businesses & pet owners.













call 772-349-0044 or fill out our form above.












home | pet photographs | press / publicity | our friends & resources | contact beverly











fine furtography
"top dog" located in delray beach, florida 33444 * 772-349-0044 * 
www.finefurtography.com
copyright (c) 2007 all pet photographs on this site belong solely to fine furtography.
images may not be copied, downloaded or used in any way without express, written permission fine furtography.








 



















