





 





woodruff injury law - woodruff injury law






































 








skip to main content











toggle navigation





call now 727-327-3111
home
about

woodruff injury law
attorney woodruff, p.a.
practice areas
frequently asked questions
our resource links


practice areas

accident injury claims
motor vehicle accidents
catastrophic injury
wrongful death
automobile accidents
spinal cord injuries
head & brain injury
trucking accidents
medical & dental malpractice
drunk driving accidents
bicycle accidents
motorcycle injuries
workplace injuries
premises liability & negligent security
pedestrian & bus accidents
pool drowning
dog & alligator attacks


blog
contact us








  








woodruff injury law




front page slider











woodruff injury law has been “helping injured people since 1969”
woodruff injury law was established in 1975 by attorney thomas m. woodruff in st. petersburg, florida.  attorney woodruff started practicing law, and helping injured people since 1969. the law firm serves personal injury clients throughout florida with its main focus in the  pinellas, hillsborough, tampa, manatee, sarasota, hernando and pasco counties and throughout the west coast of florida. you can reach attorney woodruff or anyone of his talented team members by calling toll free at 1-727-327-3111.
attorney woodruff is a  skilled professional with an exceptional ability to understand the complex problems injury victims and what their families are dealing with. he is focused on handling claims for individuals who have been injured through the fault of others.  attorney woodruff and his  team are dedicated to providing you professional, client-friendly, and accessible representation. you should understand that an attorney represents you and other than your family, is the only person looking out for you. the insurance companies are not “like a good neighbor”, you are not in “good hands”, they are not “like a rock”, they are not “on your side”, they wont “get you back to where you belong”, the do not “keep” there promises”, there is no “peace of mind”, they won’t help you “live better lives”, they won’t give you “guidance when you need it most”, and “the pyramid” is not “working for you”. the motto at woodruff injury law is that “we are here for you”.
areas of practice
the woodruff injury law firm is well established and is respected by insurance adjusters, defense lawyers, and court officials throughout florida.  our success is the result of our legal skill, hard work, and unparalleled commitment.  the team at woodruff injury law have successfully represented injured people in a wide variety of personal injury and wrongful death cases, including those involving the following areas of law:



motor vehicle accidents



car accidents



accident injury claims



truck accidents



drunk driving accidents



motorcycle injuries



bicycle accidents



pedestrian and bus accidents



dog and alligator attacks



pool drowning



workplace injuries
>


medical and dental malpractice



premises liability and negligent security



catastrophic injuries



head and brain injuries



spinal cord injuries



wrongful death


free initial consultation and no attorney fee
no matter how complex your injury, the team at woodruff injury law can help.  if you have suffered a serious injury or if you have lost a family member in an accident, we will make sure you find the help you need.  contact us to schedule your free initial consultation.  our law firm always handles injury cases on a contingency fee basis, so there is no attorney fee unless we recover compensation for you by way of a settlement, an arbitration award, or a court or jury verdict.
call woodruff injury law

st. petersburg:  727-327-3111
tampa: 1-727-327-3111
clearwater: 727-327-3111
pinellas park:  727-327-3111
seminole: 727-327-3111
bradenton: 1-727-327-3111
sarasota: 1-727-327-3111
lakeland: 1-727-327-3111
all other areas in florida : 1-727-327-3111

at woodruff injury law, we work hard for our clients.  you will find our staff competent, caring, and responsive.  our team is straightforward and professional.  our team understands that you have experienced a loss and if you need a personal injury lawyer, we will provide the support you need to recover.

















search for:






contact us 










name
 
email
 
phone
 
subject
 
comment
 
click the check box to let us know you are not a robot before you click send.



categories 
dog attack

drowning

news

spinal injury

woodruff injury law


popular topicsathletic injury
auto accident
cdc
drowning causes
drowning statistics
unintentional drowning
whiplash
archives 
january 2016
december 2015
november 2015

 









copyright copyright © 2020 by woodruff injury law.

 
 

florida advertising disclaimer the hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. before you decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications and experience. 
 
 

 
call us: 727-327-3111
 









												theme by colorlib powered by wordpress 

















