


deep earth academy | ocean leadership


































greetings! [ log in ] [ register ] [ intranet ] [ manage mailing lists subscriptions ]
the consortium for ocean leadership - washington d.c. - (202) 232-3900














×








 







 

powered by



















home
about
mission
news & resources
scientific programs
education
oceans of opportunity














current location: home » deep earth academy

deep earth academy

teaching for science – learning for life
deep earth academy’s mission is to raise awareness about ocean drilling science and its central role in our understanding of the earth’s past, present and future, teach science content and process, and inspire careers in science, technology, engineering and math.  our approach includes use of authentic data, inquiry-centered activities and interdisciplinary explorations drawing from the adventures of the joides resolution ship and the earlier ocean drilling ship; the glomar challenger.

we invite you to join us and welcome you as a part of our community of educators. check back here often for new resources, new opportunities for professional development, and new ways to learn about the world around us! click to learn more about deep earth academy.

highlights:

teach-it: curriculum and classroom activities for kindergarten through college level!
borrow teaching kits and core models.
learn who is on board expedition 345 with the hess deep rift playing cards.
check out the new volume of the graphic novel “choose your own tales of the resolution – jobs on the jr,” where students choose to follow an engineer, scientist, or welder aboard the joides resolution. this is a great tool for showing science in action and the integration of science, technology, engineering and math that happens on the ship.
want a short, introductory presentation on the jr? click here.
visit the joides resolution website at www.joidesresolution.org to follow the current expedition; read blogs, post comments, watch videos, play games, and more.
looking for ocean drilling data? check out how to access scientific drilling data and publications – the easy way (pdf)
what on earth is a core? learn more about these unique windows to earth’s past – which provide clues to earth’s future.

latest blog posts from the joides resolution:
 

two flightless kiwi may 3, 2013
two flightless kiwi, chris moy from otago university and i, will be following the bar-tailed godwit (kuaka), one of new zealand’s native birds to alaska at the end of may.   while we must fly in a plane for over 12 hours, the godwit that is best known for being able to fly 12,000 kilometres in eight days will complete the journey unaided. read more

happy earth day! testing, testing, 1, 2, 3... april 23, 2013
happy earth day, everyone! students and teachers across the u.s. have been working hard all year, we’re all tired, and it’s so important that we remember why we all put in the long hours at school and beyond. read more

seaweek at the national aquarium april 20, 2013
at the national aquarium we have been celebrating seaweek with a variety of fun events!  our theme this year was healthy seas, healthy people so we had beach clean ups, poetry readings, lectures, fun runs and art competitions.  read more

day 4 (04/05/2013) april 6, 2013
day four: now that we are settled in to life on the jr, i wanted to take a minute to write about what it is like to be living here. 12 hour shifts can seem a bit daunting at first glance, but there is a rhythm to the day. read more

a big thank you to everyone april 6, 2013
hi everyone - i just wanted to pass on the news that being on the ship "jr" is very comfortable. one of the main reasons is not the good food---and it is good, and not the fact that the ship is in great shape because it is in great shape but the main reason is that everyone is very friendly and willing to welcome new people. read more


useful resources:

buiding community with you in mind
child care and education
infographics
myhow.org


latest news from deep earth academy:
 

program update: deep earth academy – april 2013
alaskan calling for bay's carol
educators explore geology of the pacific northwest
program update: deep earth academy – march 2013
educators explore the geology of the pacific northwest aboard the joides resolution
program update: deep earth academy – january 2013
attention cyber school teachers and stem educators! 
program update: deep earth academy – september 2012
seeking an iodp scientist instructor for the 2013 spring school of rock 
program update: deep earth academy – august 2012

» browse entire deep earth academy news archive
our thanks
deep earth academy wouldn’t exist without our sponsors: nsf, consortium for ocean leadership, us science support program, and integrated ocean drilling program – us implementing organization.






dea: toc
open all | close all 

 

about deep earth academy
for students
for educators
for scientists
resources
sponsors
joidesresolution.org



become an ocean leader
facebook     twitter     google+     rss  
upcoming events

june 4, 2013:
	
save the date: capitol hill ocean week (all day)


june 24, 2013:
	
2013 agu science policy conference: preparing for our future (all day)


september 23, 2013:
	
oceans 2013 mts/ieee san diego (all day)




what's hot this month

marine debris tracker : discarded metal, fishing gear, plastic, glass and other waste can both sully a beach and pose a health threat to its inhabitants....

the ocean offers many lessons : even before darwin first speculated that life emerged from "some warm little pond," the book of genesis said god prefaced the creation of humanity by making the "great sea creatures and every living thing that scurries and swarms in the water."...

remember the bp oil spill? malformed fish do : a new study shows that sediments fouled with oil from the blowout in the gulf of mexico caused problems for fish embryos. ...

in pursuit of an underwater menagerie : after a long, cold swim in the dark, we spotted it on the night reef with our dive lights: octopus ornatus, the ornate octopus, a foot-long creature in an amber shade of orange with bright white spots and dashes along all its arms....

changing wave heights projected as the atmosphere warms; ‘considerable uncertainty remains’ : climate scientists studying the impact of changing wave behavior on the world's coastlines are reporting a likely decrease in average wave heights across 25 per cent of the global ocean....

program update: gulf of mexico research initiative – april 2013 : monthly program update for gomri...

as co2 approaches symbolic milestone, scripps launches daily keeling curve update : levels of the greenhouse gas are approaching 400 parts per million; scripps offering daily twitter feed, news and analysis of climate indicators ...

program update: ocean observatories initiative – april 2013 : monthly program update for the ooi...

program update: integrated ocean drilling program – april 2013 : monthly program update for the iodp...

opportunity: senior manager, policy : the consortium for ocean leadership is pleased to announce the search for a senior manager, policy. this is a regular, full-time. exempt position....



	 
	 




 


 



 







recent posts

marine debris tracker
oceans under surveillance
remember the bp oil spill? malformed fish do
scientists uncover relationship between lavas erupting on sea floor and deep-carbon cycle
the black sea is a goldmine of ancient genetic data



 joides resolution blog

two flightless kiwi
happy earth day! testing, testing, 1, 2, 3...
seaweek at the national aquarium
day 4 (04/05/2013)
a big thank you to everyone



 sciencedaily

biologist maps the family tree of all known snake and lizard groups
pcb concentrations same in urban and rural areas
new red list developed for threatened ecosystems
four new dinosaur species identified
human impacts on natural world underestimated




 
qr code business card    web design by will ramos | © copyright consortium for ocean leadership 2013. all rights reserved. | 134 queries in 1.092 seconds. 





 
 



loading...
 
 



 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 




loading...
 
 



 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 




loading...
 
 



 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 




loading...
 
 



 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 




loading...
 
 



 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 




loading...
 
 



 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 




loading...
 
 



 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 





