








the most versatile cnc cutting system | bend-tech










































































































 

























skip to content









 









machines

benders
dragon a400
dragon a250
financing


software

ez software
ez3d software
pro software
se software
bend-tech modules


support

user guides​
dragon training


resources

customer success stories
blog
articles
news


about

history
careers
contact us


shop

software
machines
coolant support system plugs
merch


 

 

machines

benders
dragon a400
dragon a250
financing


software

ez software
ez3d software
pro software
se software
bend-tech modules


support

user guides​
dragon training


resources

customer success stories
blog
articles
news


about

history
careers
contact us


shop

software
machines
coolant support system plugs
merch


 








651-257-8715 










 

search


 























$0.00

0
 cart




 



















current financing offer: half payments for half a year



 



















meet thenew bossin bending 






tube benders
























meet the new boss in bending 






bending machines























 















the essential cnc tube and pipe plasma cutter 



the essential cnc tube and pipe plasma cutter 



bend-tech is reshaping the tube and pipe fabrication industry with innovative machines and software for fabrication shops and manufacturers alike. our cnc plasma cutters and integrated software are versatile by design®, allowing operators to cut a range of metals, shapes and thicknesses – while automating numerous manual process for greater accuracy and output. 











 



















 


































cnc tube & pipe plasma cutters 














a400








 











a250








 
















browse machines









































bend-tech software 



our proprietary software is versatile by design®, and brings your tube and pipe design ideas to reality. tube and pipe cad software that allows you to design, visualize and fabricate your projects. whether you are a manufacturer or a hobbyist fabricator, the bend-tech software is easy to learn and use. 






browse software











 























customer support 



resources, webinars, tutorials, in-house training, and live support. 






learn more












customer success stories 



a variety of customers using bend-tech products to advance their tube and pipe production. 






see more












bend-tech racing 



racing is an important part of our history and future with our machines and software.  






view racing details















 







production ready technology for tube and pipe processing 



proudly made in the usa, bend-tech manufactures and develops cnc machines and cad software. our tube and pipe fabrication tools improve manufacturing quality and production time innovating the way products are designed, fabricated, and manufactured. our high-quality standards of manufacturing and customer support of tube and pipe fabrication tools improve your bottom line. 






learn more




























 

 

 










industriesour software and machines enable us to serve customers in aerospace, automotive, agriculture, trailers, metal fabrication, large & small manufacturing, and other industries that use plasma cutting technology for their operations. 






customer success stories


































some of our customers 



innovative leaders building the future 
















 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 

 


 


 

 


















 





729 prospect ave


osceola, wi 54020


mon-fri, 8:00 am - 4:00 pm (cst)


651-257-8715










cnc machines 






benders




dragon a400




dragon a250











cad software 






pro




se




ez3d




ez











support 







 
resources




service webinars




in-house dragon training




careers




bend-tech racing




cookie & privacy policy


















facebook-f
 



youtube
 



linkedin
 



instagram
 














									copyright ©2025 | bend-tech, llc. all rights reserved								















please fill out the form below for more information on the bend-tech dragon 











								machine							


 


dragon a400
dragon a250





								first name							




								last name							




								phone number							



					by providing a telephone number and submitting the form, you consent to be contacted by sms text message. message and data rates may apply. reply stop to opt out of further messaging.				


								email							




								company (if you don't have one enter your name - last name, first name)							



 


								address							




								city							




								state/province							




								zip code							




								country							


 


us
canada
albania
algeria
andorra
angola
antigua and barbuda
argentina
armenia
australia
austria
azerbaijan
bahamas
bahrain
bangladesh
barbados
belarus
belgium
belize
benin
bhutan
bolivia
bosnia and herzegovina
botswana
brazil
brunei
bulgaria
burkina faso
burundi
cabo verde
cambodia
cameroon
canada
chad
chile
china
colombia
comoros
congo
costa rica
cote d'ivoire
croatia
cuba
cyprus
czechia
denmark
djibouti
dominica
dominican republic
ecuador
egypt
el salvador
equatorial guinea
eritrea
estonia
eswatini
ethiopia
fiji
finland
france
gabon
gambia
georgia
germany
ghana
greece
grenada
guatemala
guinea
guinea-bissau
guyana
haiti
honduras
hungary
iceland
india
indonesia
iraq
ireland
israel
italy
jamaica
japan
jordan
kazakhstan
kenya
kiribati
kosovo
kuwait
kyrgyzstan
laos
latvia
lebanon
lesotho
liberia
libya
liechtenstein
lithuania
luxembourg
madagascar
malawi
malaysia
maldives
mali
malta
marshall islands
mauritania
mauritius
mexico
micronesia
moldova
monaco
mongolia
montenegro
morocco
mozambique
myanmar
namibia
nauru
nepal
netherlands
new zealand
nicaragua
niger
nigeria
north macedonia
norway
oman
pakistan
palau
palestine
panama
papua new guinea
paraguay
peru
philippines
poland
portugal
qatar
romania
russia
rwanda
saint kitts and nevis
saint lucia
saint vincent and the grenadines
samoa
san marino
sao tome and principe
saudi arabia
senegal
serbia
seychelles
sierra leone
singapore
slovakia
slovenia
solomon islands
somalia
south africa
south korea
south sudan
spain
sri lanka
sudan
suriname
sweden
switzerland
taiwan
tajikistan
tanzania
thailand
timor-leste
togo
tonga
trinidad and tobago
tunisia
turkey
turkmenistan
tuvalu
uganda
ukraine
united arab emirates (uae)
united kingdom (uk)
uruguay
uzbekistan
vanuatu
venezuela
vietnam
yemen
zambia
zimbabwe





								message							
 


								would you like a brochure? mailing address needed							


 


yes
no





								how did you first hear about the bend-tech dragon?							


 


trade show
peer/coworkers/friend
online ad
online search
dealer
facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin
magazine
other




 

 

 

 



send



















system requirements 











minimum requirements:windows operating system (xp, vista, 7, 8, 8.1, 10, 11). bend-tech software does not run on mac.1 ghz processor2 gb ram (memory)1 gb hard drive space1024 x 768 screen resolutionopengl 1.3 compatible graphics card.net framework 3.5 installedactive internet connection (internet connection is needed during the first activation and then every 6 month, software can run offline in between) 



recommended requirements:

windows operating system (7, 8, 8.1, 10, 11). bend-tech software does not run on mac.
1ghz dual-core processor
4gb ram (memory)
1 gb hard drive space
1280 x 800 screen resolution or greater
opengl 1.3 compatible graphics card
.net framework 3.5 sp1 installed
pdf reader installed (for help guides)
full keyboard and mouse
high-speed internet
 













material support lift (b-axies) 











 



the material support lift automatically moves up and down and moves out of the way from the track when not needed. the complete automation prevents the center support from colliding with the track and chuck trolley.the fully automatic material support lift prevents bowing in long pieces (as shown in red above) for accurate cutting, marking, and engraving.as shown above, the material support lift goes up and down to maintain constant centered leveling support as a square or rectangle tube rotates. 













dragon a400 - frequently asked questions 











what are the material capabilities? 



tube profile: 1” – 6” round,” to “tube profile: 0.75” – 6” roundtube material type: steel, aluminum, stainless steel, dom, hrew, black pipe, galvanized steel, and any type of electrically conductive material.tube length: full stick length capable up to 24 feet. 



what is included in the purchase of a dragon a400? 



the dragon a400 machine, center support lifter, marker, engraver, laser pointer, technology package, and bend-tech dragon software. requirements: an active internet connection, a plasma torch with a mechanized head, 220-240v outlets, two 110-120v outlets, misc. outlets, and an air compressor. available add-ons: plasma system, material coolant system, angle/channel motorized gate, and additional software license. 



what size of plasma cutter does the machine use? 



contact our sales personnel so they can assist in selecting the correct plasma system. 



what is the warranty 



your dragon a400 has a 12 month electronics and hardware limited warranty. 



what service is available for the machine? 



customer support always answers the phone during our business hours and we strive to work with you to resolve the problem. if necessary, bend-tech can send a dragon technician to location. 



how does the initial setup process work? 



your dragon a400 is shipped partially assembled. all dragon a400 machines are fully assembled, calibrated, and tested at headquarters. then, the machines are partially disassembled for shipping. your dragon a400 comes with a comprehensive assembly manual. 



are replacement parts available? 



yes, we keep a full stock of inventory of parts. 



where is the dragon a400 made? 



your dragon a400 is proudly assembled here in the usa. all of our departments are located in our 36,000 square foot facility in osceola, wisconsin. almost all of the parts are from the minneapolis & st. paul area here in the midwest. 



does the software have import, export, cad/cam, and designer abilities? 



yes. the dragon cad/cam software can import/export to and from many of the commonly used cad programs (such as solidworks, inventor, autocad, pro engineer, tekla, sds2, etc.) and can be used as a design program. 



what software maintenance, charges, and updates occur with the dragon? 



a 2 year maintenance package is included in the purchase of a bend-tech dragon a400. after the 2 year maintenance package has expired, there is a year long maintenance package that is repurchased on a yearly basis to continue to receive support and software updates. 



what is your current lead time? 



typically, our lead time is 2 – 4 weeks. bend-tech always has inventory of the a400 by constantly manufacturing machines. for the current lead time, contact our sales personnel. 



is the dragon a400 a production machine? 



yes 



how many dragon machines are out in the field? 



over 600 



how does the dragon a400 load? 



from the front, back, top, or either side; it depends on how your shop is set up and what you are cutting. there are multiple ways to easily load material. the tube can be placed in the front gate, then tightened into the self-centering four jaw chuck, and then the front gate can be closed to the correct amount of tightness on the material. usually, loading takes one person. 



what is the cut speed? 



the cut speed varies based on a variety of factors; including material size, cut design, material type, tolerance requirements, material thickness, the use of a coolant system, and others. depending on the variables, the torch can run up to 120 inches per minute while cutting. between cutting, the rapid travel can run up to 1100 inches per minute (x-axis) and 30 rpm (y-axis). 



what is the cut quality/dross level? 



the dross level varies based on a variety of factors; including amperage used, cut speed, material size, cut design, material type, tolerance requirements, and material thickness. optional coolant circulation system can greatly improve the cut quality and dross level. you can request a benchmark/sample package to see the dragon cut parts in person. 



what is the tolerance on the cuts? 



+/- 0.010” (0.254mm) 



how easy is the software to use? 



like many software programs, it does take some time to get comfortable knowing the ins and outs of the bend-tech software. most people become comfortable using the bend-tech software after a couple days of practice and from there they become increasingly aware of the more detailed features. in case there is confusion with certain aspects of the software, we have wiki pages and videos to help teach and train people on the software (see more). also, the bend-tech support staff is always around to help during the normal weekly business hours. there is an on-site training option available for purchase (see more). the on-site training includes bend-tech sending a dragon technician on-site to train your dragon operator(s) on how to use the machine and the software. customers are also allowed to come visit bend-tech headquarters to receive their training. 



how long has bend-tech been in the tube and pipe business? 



since 2001 



do you have more questions for us? we have a full staff of dedicated sales personnel to help answer any of your questions: 



phone: 651-257-8715sales@bend-tech.com 













dragon a400 - post purchase items 











delivery 



the lead time for the dragon a400 is typically zero to four weeks. shipping usually takes about a week, but varies on location. once your dragon has started shipping, you will receive a tracking number. contact bend-tech sales personnel for a current lead time.bend-tech is responsible for the package through the delivery process. bend-tech coordinates with the shipping company and if there are any problems, bend-tech resolves the error with the shipping company. if there is an error or damage in the shipping, please contact the bend-tech sales personnel right away. the bend-tech sales personnel focus on making sure the necessary steps are taken to get the machine up and running as soon as possible.the bend-tech dragon a400 is shipped in a fully enclosed wood crate. the crate is 10’ (3.05m) length by 5.5’ (1.68m) width by 7’ (2.13m) height. 



installation 



the dragon a400 ships partially assembled. all dragon a400 machines are fully assembled and calibrated at headquarters. then, the machines are partially disassembled for shipping. your dragon a400 comes with a comprehensive assembly guide to instruct on how to properly reassemble the machine. 



technical documents 



the technical documents are a detailed description on all of the different aspects of the machine so that an operator can be self-sufficient in all things with your dragon a400 machine.included in the technical documentation is: customer order, crate packing checklist, assembly manual, start-up and training manual. 



warranty 




your dragon a400 has a 12 month limited warranty. defective or faulty parts identified on the machine within this time period after delivery will be replaced at no charge and shipped to the location. after the 12 month warranty period, replacement parts can be purchased through bend-tech, llc. and shipped to the location at the customer’s discretion.the warranty may become void or limited in the event that you make hardware changes or adaptations to the machine.
 



dragon a400 software maintenance plan 



a 2 year software maintenance package is included in the purchase of a bend-tech dragon a400. after the 2 year software maintenance package has expired, there is a year long maintenance package that is repurchased on a yearly basis to continue to receive support and software updates. the dragon software is always improving to ensure the best capabilities for your company and others. the software maintenance package provides consistent updates to your software and keeps you running with the newest capabilities. your bend-tech, llc. sales person will contact you one month to two weeks before your maintenance plan expires to ask if you would like to re-apply for an annual subscription. 













dragon a400 - shop requirements 











machine footprint 



 



the 12’ length machine has a footprint of 19.1’ (5.82m) length by 2.5’ (0.76m) width by 6.1’ (1.86m) height.the 24’ length machine has a footprint of 32’ (9.75m) length by 2.5’ (0.76m) width by 6.1’ (1.86m) height.the enclosed workstation cabinet is the technology package is 2’ (0.61m) length by 2.1’ (0.64m) width by 5.3’ (1.62m) height and a power cord lead of 12’ (3.66m). (this is an add-on feature that does not come standard with the machine.) 



setup requirements 



 



dedicated windows desktop or laptop with an ethernet port (the computer running your dragon machine cannot be running other machines. technology package comes standard with the machine.)active internet connection (for the activation of your dragon software and to receive important updates.)>plasma system with mechanized head.220-600v outlet (for plasma system)two to four 110-120v outlets (one for the machine, one for the laptop or computer, one if a computer monitor is being used, and one if the optional coolant system is purchased).an air compressor or inert gas with two lines (one line for the control box and one line for the plasma system). 













a250 post purchase items 











delivery 



the production lead time for the dragon a250 is typically 0 to 4 weeks. shipping usually takes about a week but varies on location. once your dragon has started shipping, you will receive a tracking number. contact a bend-tech salesperson for a current lead time.if needed, the dragon a250 can be liftgate delivered and moved with a pallet jack.bend-tech is responsible for the package through the delivery process. bend-tech coordinates with the shipping company. if there is an error or damage in the shipping, please contact the bend-tech service team right away. the bend-tech service team focuses on making sure the necessary steps are taken to get the machine up and running as soon as possible. 



installation 



the dragon a250 is shipped partially assembled in one crate. the dragon a250 comes with instructions on the proper set up and install process. 



warranty 



your dragon a250 has a 12-month limited warranty. defective or faulty parts identified on the machine within this time period after delivery will be replaced at no charge and shipped to the location. after the 12-month warranty period, replacement parts can be purchased through bend-tech, llc. and shipped to the location at the customer’s discretion.the warranty may become void or limited in the event that you make hardware changes or adaptations to the machine. 



dragon a250 software maintenance plan: 



included with the purchase of your dragon, the 2-year maintenance package has the latest updates and enhancements in the software and direct customer support over the phone, email, or computer. 













the next step towards owning a dragon 











in person 



 



call or email bend-tech to set up a time to come visit us to see the dragon and bend-tech software in person. we always welcome people to tour our facilities and receive detailed information from our dragon technicians through live demonstrations. if you cannot visit us in person, we can give a virtual tour of our facilities with an online video chat. 



benchmark 



 



contact us and we will make a benchmark of your parts. send us the material and the design file, and we will cut out the parts and ship them to you with a video link of your parts being cut via email. the benchmark provides an opportunity to see the cut speed, cut quality, and clean up amount for your parts. 



virtual cutting demonstration 



 



call or email bend-tech to set up a time to connect with us online via live video. our sales staff and dragon technicians will demonstrate the dragon’s operation live and answer any of your questions. 



sample package 



 



bend-tech can send you a sample package containing a variety of sample parts cut on the dragon. round, square, steel, and aluminum tubes have various cuts that show the dragon’s cut quality (the sample pack is free including shipping). 



comprehensive pricing guide 



 



contact bend-tech for a comprehensive pricing sheet. the pricing sheet breaks down the price on each available item. this allows you to select the best options that fits your shop’s needs. 






schedule a demo or request a sample

















shop requirements 











setup requirements 



active internet connection, for the activation of your dragon software and to receive important updates.plasma system with mechanized head. 220-600v outlet (for plasma system).plasma system with mechanized head.220-600v outlet for plasma systemtwo to four 110-120v outlets. one for the machine, one for the laptop or computer, one if a computer monitor is being used, and one if the optional coolant system is purchased.an air compressor or inert gas with one line, for the plasma system. 













dragon a250 - frequently asked questions 











what is included in the purchase of a dragon a250? 



the dragon a250 machine, marker, laser light, and the bend-tech dragon software suite. 



how does the initial setup process work? 



your dragon a250 is shipped partially assembled and comes with a comprehensive assembly manual to instruct on how to properly reassemble the machine. 



are replacement parts available? 



yes, we keep a full stock inventory of parts. 



where is the dragon a250 made? 



the dragon a250 is proudly designed, manufactured, and assembled in osceola, wi, usa. 



is the cad/cam software included? 



yes, the bend-tech dragon software suite is included with your dragon a250. 



how many dragon machines are out in the field? 



over 600 and counting. 



how does the dragon a250 load? 



from the front, back, top, or either side; it depends on how your shop is set up and what you are cutting there are multiple ways to easily load material. the tube can be placed in the front gate, then tightened into the self-centering three jaw chuck, and then the front gate can be closed to the correct amount of tightness on the material. usually, loading is done by one person. 



what is the cut tolerance on the dragon a250? 



+/- 0.010 inch 



what is the cut quality/dross level? 



the dross level varies based on a variety of factors; including amperage used, cut speed, material size, cut design, material type, tolerance requirements, and material thickness. the optional material coolant system add-on can greatly improve the cut quality and dross level. you can request a benchmark/sample package to see dragon cut parts in person. 



do you have more questions for us? we have a full staff of dedicated sales personnel to help answer any of your questions: 



phone: 651-257-8715sales@bend-tech.com 













security dongle 











if a valid internet connection is not available on your computer, you may choose to purchase a security dongle to use the software offline. this will allow your computer to run bend-tech software as long as the security dongle is plugged into an available usb port on the computer. this usb security dongle becomes the license for your software. 



important 



while the security dongle will allow your computer to run bend-tech software without an internet connection, there are a few drawbacks to using the offline method. bend-tech software will not be able to automatically download any new updates and the direct help session will not be available. also, any maintenance of a security dongle requires shipment back to our facility and back to you at additional cost. if you are unable to provide shipment of your security dongle (such as loss or theft), you will be required to purchase the dongle along with the full price of your software. 






purchase dongle
















































