





alaska mint - alaska state jewelry anchorage | natural gold nugget & quartz jewelry, souvenirs & gifts, alaskan ulu knives, silver coins





































































(907) 278-8414homealaska mint product informationwhat’s newcoins & bullionalaskan medallionsbullion & numismaticshand poured ingotsjewelryheart shapeslab grown diamond ringsladies jewelrymens jewelrygold quartz jewelrygold nugget jewelrynugget & silver jewelrycoin jewelryestate jewelryivory jewelryjade jewelrywatchescustom jewelryraw gold nuggetsknives and ulusalaskan giftscarvings & scrimshawfossil ivory & bonechristmas ornamentsfur rondy pinson sale





products search








product has been added to your cart.
gift ideas for your valentine
 
                                   
 


“heart of alaska” gold nugget pendant 




diamond gold quartz heart pendant 




2 oz. silver hand-poured heart 

 


 
click here to see our valentine gift ideas

our family has been serving alaska since 1967 
 
 
 


alaskan medallions 




gold nugget jewelry 




knives and ulus 




gold quartz jewelry 

 


 
store hours:
monday-friday
9:30 – 5:00
saturday
closed

sunday
closed
 


alaskan medallions 




coin jewelry 




gold quartz jewelry 




gold nugget jewelry 




women’s jewelry 




mens jewelry 




earrings 




pendants 




womens rings 




mens rings 




money clips 




estate jewelry 




knives and ulus 




alaskan gifts 




ornaments 

 


 
an alaskan family of jewelers for almost 60 years
my wife michele and i are the owners and operators of the alaska mint. i was 4 years old when my parents moved our family to alaska from colorado. they were young and ambitious, my dad worked as a “roughneck” on oil platforms until they had saved up enough money to start a small jewelry shop. in 1967, robuck & sons, our families first jewelry business was born. since then our family has had several stores around alaska. in 1990 after testing with a sidewalk vendors cart for a few summers, i opened a location in downtown anchorage where we could manufacture and sell souvenir coins, natural gold nuggets, and other gifts.
originally, we produced the art work and had our medallions manufactured outside of alaska. then we started acquiring and assembling the equipment to mint silver and gold medallions right here in anchorage. we started out with 1 coin design. we now have thousands of dies. all of our medallions are struck in our location on 4th avenue in downtown anchorage. our medallions are detailed reproductions of original sculptures. many have a limited mintage and are highly collectible.
we buy raw gold from placer miners and gold bearing quartz that is mined deep underground. from these natural elements, we fashion beautiful, one-of-a-kind jewelry that is a valuable addition to any collection. while the pieces are rare, they are surprisingly affordable. the items available in our store are either made in our shop, or by one of our longtime jewelers. we are proud of our company history and look forward to share the alaskan experience through the alaska mint.
our two sons, gunnar and hunter,  are now working with us. they are a great addition to our creative team.
mike and michele robuck
owners & operators of alaska mint
alaska mint: your trusted alaska state jewelry store in anchorage
at alaska mint, we are proud to be the leading alaska state jewelry store in anchorage. our exquisite collection features gold quartz jewelry, silver coins, and natural gold nugget jewelry that perfectly captures the essence of alaska’s beauty.
gold and silver medallions in anchorage
as the premier jewelry store in anchorage, we offer more than just stunning jewelry pieces. our collection also includes gold and silver medallions that exude prestige and craftsmanship. anchorage residents and visitors appreciate the beauty and significance of these medallions. in addition, we offer a variety of alaskan ulu knives, souvenirs, and gifts that serve as perfect mementos of your time in alaska.
at alaska mint, we cater to men and women, offering an extensive selection of men’s jewelry and women’s jewelry. our collection includes various styles, from classic to contemporary, ensuring you find the perfect piece to complement your style. for those seeking unique and one-of-a-kind pieces, our collection of estate jewelry is sure to impress. each piece tells a story and carries a sense of history and charm. if you have a specific vision, our team of expert jewelers can create custom jewelry that reflects your individuality and captures your unique story.
shop at alaska mint today
visit alaska mint today and immerse yourself in the beauty of alaska. discover the allure of gold quartz jewelry, the charm of silver coins, and the prestige of gold and silver medallions. let us be your guide to the treasures of alaska, where every piece holds a piece of this remarkable state.



contact usalaska mint videostour alaska minton salefacebookinstagramalaska mint – 429 west 4th avenue – anchorage, ak – 99501
(907) 278-8414
copyright © 2024 alaska mint. all rights reserved.
privacy policy | terms of use | site map
for email specials, subscribe to our mailing list

 menu


 
























 




