








ellis haven campground | family camping and picnic grounds in plymouth, ma






















































book now!
(508) 746-0803
 
















menu









home
rates & reservations
summer activities
campground map
directions & attractions




























welcome to ellis haven campground


 
put the everyday world aside and claim your own piece of ellis haven, where the peaceful sounds of nature come filtering through the pines and where friendships are never lost in time. ellis haven offers sites for every type of camper and every length of stay … from weekenders to long-term seasonals. check out our horseshoe pit and bocce court! rent your equipment at the front office (cash deposit only).

enjoy modern camping facilities and all of the most sought-after amenities. our spacious full hookup sites include cable tv, and there simply isn't a camping location more convenient to all of the outstanding plymouth area attractions. all of this … and only 50 minutes from boston and only 20 minutes to the gateway to cape cod!                    

 
ellis haven features over 400 spacious campsites for all types of campers. we even offer furnished camping cabins for those who are new to the camping experience.

recreation is centered around the crystal-clear waters of ellis pond, with several other ponds devoted to the interests of the fishermen in your family. (no license required, catch & release policy.)












over 400 spacious sites & modern facilities

    

your choice of sunny or shady sitespicnic tablesopen fireplacesfull hookups, including cable tvfurnished cabin rentalssafari fields for group campingclean restroomshot showerslaundry24 hour securitygeneral storerestaurantsnack barrecreation hallsports bar

                    

outstanding recreational opportunities

    

swimming on crystal-clear ellis pondlong sandy beachfishingboating & paddleboatswater sportslarge sports areabaseball diamondbasketballvolleyballpicnicshiking, biking & nature trailspetting zoohay ridesmoviesdances (saturdays)bingo (sundays)scheduled live entertainmentcounselor supervised crafts & fun for children
              

essentials & conveniences
propane • dumping station • mosquito control

              



check out campy’s sports bar and paradise on the pond function hall!
located at the front entrance of the campground.
              

















book now!







                            ellis haven campground 

531 federal furnace road
plymouth, ma 02360

						
(508) 746-0803
[browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address]

accessibility statementprivacy policy





plymouth, ma weather











©  ellis haven campground. all rights reserved.




















































