    proline global | pipeline construction equipment    
        
1-780-465-6161     24/7 on-call sales & servicehomeabout usproductscasing spacers & end sealscoating productsdeckhand lavalley excavator attachmentsdrilling, trenching & boringflange productsgloveshand toolsholiday detectionhorizontal pipe rollersinduction heatinginstruments & gaugesleak repair and spill containmentlifting equipmentline locatinglineup clampslink seals & wall sleevespigs & pigging equipmentpipe alignment & spacing toolspipe bendingpipe control & handlingpipe cradles & lowering inpipe cutting & bevelingpipe protectionpre-heating equipmentpumps & plugsround slingsstackable plastic pipe standstentstuff-n-nuffwelding suppliesservicesbeveling equipment repairsdetector repairsshop repairspipe bendingbuy used equipmentresourcesannual s-211 reportbill paymentequipment calibration certificatesnewsour response to covid-19our catalogproduct quality assurance certificatesprojectssupplier code of conductcontact us

search for:



welcome to prolinelocated in edmonton, ab, proline pipe equipment inc, operates from a 34,000 sq. ft. facility which houses our manufacturing shop, consumable products warehouse, equipment and product service department, as well as our sales and management offices.about us


buy or rentwe offer an extensive selection of products and equipment available for sale or rental, tailored to meet the needs of various industries. from pipeline and construction to manufacturing and beyond, we have the right solutions to meet your specific needs.view our productsproline pipe equipment inc. manufactures & distributes specialized pipeline construction equipment as well as a large variety of fabrication, pipeline and utility supplies and consumables.our productsproline is a world leader in the innovative design and manufacturing of pipeline equipment. our products are proven in field tests to ensure our customers have high-performance equipment for pipe bending, handling and finishing. we manufacture pipe bending equipment, pipe handling equipment, pneumatic internal clamps, air compressors and ditch pumps. the first internal pneumatic line up clamps and bending mandrels with the “no roll” or “self-centering” technology, rolled out of the proline manufacturing shop and onto contractor’s jobs decades ago. today, that technology can be found in bending mandrels and air clamps built by many manufacturers.proline also carries a large variety of fabrication, pipeline, utility equipment, supplies and consumables.
learn more about our productsour servicescustom pipe bending, equipment maintenance and repair, warranties and training.
explore our servicesour projectsproline pipe equipment, with headquarters in alberta, canada, has been serving the needs of the domestic and international pipeline industry since 1967. internationally, proline has supplied the needs of pipeline companies in over 60 countries.
view our projectsour companyproline pipe equipment, with headquarters in alberta, canada, has been serving the needs of the domestic and international pipeline industry for over 50 years. proline manufactures and supplies a wide variety of specialized equipment for pipeline and plant construction. proline operates from a new 34,000 sq. ft. facility which houses our manufacturing shop, consumable products warehouse, equipment and product service department and sales and management offices. proline pipe equipment inc. is a canadian owned and operated company.we have an excellent reputation in canada and overseas for providing quality pipeline products. our pipeline equipment can be found on job sites in asia, africa, australia, the middle east, north america, south america and europe. our knowledgeable staff have many years of experience and the skills to handle any inquiries in a prompt and courteous manner.find out more about proline global >contact1-780-465-6161 canada: orderdesk@proline-global.com international: sales@proline-global.com7141 – 67th streetedmonton, ab, canadat6b 3l7social mediafollowfollowfollow  
homeabout usproductscasing spacers & end sealscoating productsdeckhand lavalley excavator attachmentsdrilling, trenching & boringflange productsgloveshand toolsholiday detectionhorizontal pipe rollersinduction heatinginstruments & gaugesleak repair and spill containmentlifting equipmentline locatinglineup clampslink seals & wall sleevespigs & pigging equipmentpipe alignment & spacing toolspipe bendingpipe control & handlingpipe cradles & lowering inpipe cutting & bevelingpipe protectionpre-heating equipmentpumps & plugsround slingsstackable plastic pipe standstentstuff-n-nuffwelding suppliesservicesbeveling equipment repairsdetector repairsshop repairspipe bendingbuy used equipmentresourcesannual s-211 reportbill paymentequipment calibration certificatesnewsour response to covid-19our catalogproduct quality assurance certificatesprojectssupplier code of conductcontact us        




