








welcome - strategic claims services



























































home
cases
about

key individuals
claims administration
consulting services


institutional filers
contact
 




			welcome		



our mission
strategic claims services strives to offer high quality claims administration and unmatched solutions to its clients while maintaining exceptional client relationships.
we supply customized reports and detailed reviews of each claim to be sure that each is able to stand on its own.
we provide unsurpassed customer relations through our fully trained claims administrators who answer each call personally and assist our clients with their knowledge and expertise.
we believe we are not just providing a service but attempting to develop a tailored solution to fit all of our clients’ needs.
we are constantly adapting our process to the changing technology and needs of our clients.
who we are
strategic claims services (scs) was established in 1999 to provide support in managing, planning, implementing and administering class action litigations. the highly skilled staff consists of certified public accountants, information technology professionals, experienced managers, bookkeepers and support staff.
since its inception, scs has administered hundreds of cases involving notification, claims processing and distribution. scs develops a custom solution for each and every client to ensure the highest quality service at a competitive price. scs is devoted to offering paramount quality control throughout all dimensions of the claims administration process.
as an innovator in claims administration services, scs is a technology driven organization with a proven track record to handle cases of all sizes in a cost-effective and efficient manner. the firm also provides tailored proposals, data management, and consultation.

 



search for:



active cases  



										latch securities litigation									


 



										astrals settlement									


 



										stronghold securities settlement									


 



										renovacare, inc. securities litigation									


 



										vanguard chester funds litigation									


 



										dada nexus ltd. securities litigation									


 



										pluralsight securities litigation									


 



										in re emergent biosolutions inc. securities litigation									


 



										caribou biosciences, inc. securities litigation									


 



										gds holdings limited securities litigation									


 


copyright 2025 strategic claims services







