











narthaki - indian dance online








































 





 






vision


featured columns |
previews | reviews/reports |
 articles, profiles, interviews.... |
news




 





 







people who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.


- george bernard shaw, irish playwright and critic

if you hate a person then you are defeated by them.


- confucius, chinese philosopher




against the awe-inspiring backdrop of the mahakumbh - a once every 
144 year event - that witnessed the largest human congregation on earth 
at prayagraj, millions of devotees congregated to pray and plunge into 
the meeting point of the sacred rivers - ganga, yamuna and the mythical 
saraswati. this created a visual canvas that no scenographer could hope 
to emulate. a powerful and undeniable testament to the power of faith. 





dancers and musicians were part of the daily celebrations. the 
experience has been described by every artiste as “deeply moving”, 
“extremely humbling”, “life altering”.  shovana narayan and geeta 
chandran, whose dance ensemble were invited to perform last month shared
 their individual perspectives on the impact of being a part of this 
human tidal wave.




geeta chandran at the kumbh



shovana narayan at the kumbh




shovana narayan says, “the atmosphere was charged with a million hearts 
drenched in devotion. i felt a powerful current of energy as i dipped 
into the waters.” 


geeta chandran says, “the kumbh makes you deeply aware of your own 
insignificance both on earth and in the cosmos. a moment that shakes one
 to the deepest core.”

read on....

connect and subscribe to our spotify podcast
anita says...by dr. anita r ratnam




anitaratnam.com











from the archives


revitalising kuchipudi art and heritage

- sudha sridhar

kuchipudi village is perhaps the only place in india, which has given 
its name to a classical dance form. the history of this village and its 
inhabitants is interwoven with the evolution of the exquisite dance form
 of kuchipudi.







traditions in mohiniyattam: a closer look
- dr. neena prasad

in a more specific sense, a bani can be understood as the discipline applied on the art form in terms of practice. 














birthday wisheskapila venu: feb 3
saskia kersenboom: feb 3
padma subrahmanyam: feb 4
tara rajkumar: feb 5
sadanam harikumar: feb 5 
pushkala gopal: feb 9
radha reddy: feb 15
pavitra bhat: feb 16
madhu nataraj: feb 24
ashish khokar: feb 29


quote
things can get so heavy in life, but hearing a great song, seeing 
someone dance, or even dancing yourself can turn your whole day, or 
life, around.
 - primo (dancer) 


kailasanatha temple, ellora
photo: ileana citaristi



















narthaki                      e-newsletter












disclaimer: narthaki.com seeks to present views and opinions from all sides of the spectrum. 

the information, ideas or opinions in the articles are of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of narthaki.com. 

all efforts have been made to check the accuracy and authenticity of the material printed on this website. 

narthaki.com will not be responsible if any information is found incorrect or incomplete. 





copyright © 2000 narthaki.com. all rights reserved.
      founder and publisher - dr. anita r ratnam

site designed and maintained by saigan connection












