

















starfiber cleaning system and swedeclean cleaning services










    it's not clean - until it's swedeclean!

  
directory
  
blog


where cleaning and laughing matters!














i've 
been in the professional cleaning industry since 1969 in many different countries 
and in many different capacities. 
1984 i arrived in usa. i started a 
cleaning service company called scandinavia service system 1990
. year 
2000 i've started featuring and selling smart cleaning tools on a website. the 
products were

environmental 
					friendly, which appealed to me, 
as there was no need to use cleaning chemicals to clean. that's also how i came across the owner 
who makes starfiber microfiber products in china and who by the way also is swedish. it is still the brand of microfiber with the highest quality and best performance i ever 
have come across. 


questions? feel free to call or text 480-759-5120 and if you make a living from doing cleaning you know the job needs great cleaning tools to be successful. that's why we don't sell'em if they don't work! shop with confidence! 
		




















 


want to clean smarter?

quicker? easier? cheaper? 

safer? healthier? better?


watch 
					this video!




					and learn what microfiber can do for your 
				floors? click on the video and let peter mendham show you how to 
					clean with only water! see for yourself how 
					well microfiber works and how you too can make your cleaning easier today 
					and tomorrow! cleaning with water is not only cheaper, safer, better for the 
	environment and better for your health and will also save you money! watch the principal of the process how microfiber cleans using only water. 
					some products and offers mentioned are no longer valid. the video was made by peter mendham in 2008 
					and shows the principle how microfiber actually cleans using 
					only water. the cleaning result is still the same today as it will be 
					tomorrow!











it's not clean - until it's swedeclean!







starfiber quality microfiber products are made by concept manufacturing in china 
				which is swedish owned and managed.



click and watch video and find out why 
				quality is no 1 and why starfiber products are appreciated in more than 60 countries!












						brief 
					wash and care tips

wash starfiber 
					mop pads and cloths either by hand with soap and water or 
					machine wash in warm cycle with your choice of laundry 
					detergent. air dry or tumble dry in low heat.
					do not use fabric softeners, it will negatively affect the 
					performance of the starfiber. do not use bleach, over time 
					bleach will decrease the quality and effectiveness of the 
					starfiber. do not wash microfiber cloths or pads with terry 
					towels or other fabric that "shed" a lot of lint. preferable 
					wash separate or with jeans, shirts etc.



					cleaning with microfiber not only saves
						tons of

 but also the 
environment!










testimonials


 


























the clever fiber - starfiber microfiber - the clever fiber - starfiber microfiber





					disclaimer: prices and products shown on any or our websites 
					are subject to change w/o prior notice. mix and match or 
					substitute of colors and or pads could occur but will not 
					generally effect the expected cleaning performance.




swedeclean a division 
						of scandinavia service system, inc.



thanks a lot for visiting our page!










