





tulsa's pool builder- now in our 44th year!


























call today: (918) 641-1100








home


portfolio


company info

about us
our process
our founder
our team
services
employment
sitemap



faq


testimonials

video testimonials
awards
15 questions



media

videos
blog
facebook
links



contact us

contact info
service request
login




























tulsa's pool builders since 1981
44 years of quality pool construction!













"tulsa's most trusted gunite pool renovation company!"™
    click here for employment opportunitiesatlantis pools is one of tulsa's oldest pool companies. we are family owned and operated since day one in 1981. what we hope for first and foremost for you is that you will find useful information here that will help you in your quest to find a reputable swimming pool renovation company.  we mean that even if you choose another pool company! our website is very helpful to those that don't live in our area as well.  at atlantis pools we strive to keep the information on our website relevant, accurate and up to date. this will help you make an informed decision on who you choose for your pool renovation project.at atlantis pools & spas inc. our goal is to bring you an extraordinary design, quality craftsmanship, a stress free experience and the most value for your money. our reputation for renovating the highest quality gunite pools, for the past 42 years, in north eastern oklahoma is unrivaled. our craftsmen are unmatched in the quality of work they perform. we place special emphasis on the renovation process where the quality of materials is never compromised. we combine quality materials, the best pool equipment, and highly skilled professionals (our team) to renovate your pool for you! from the simplest of backyard pools to spectacular infinity edge pools we have renovated them all.we also offer 100% financing through our partners at hfs finanicial.  please click on the links provided throughout our website to be taken directly to their secure website.please view our portfolio there you will see examples of unique gunite pools unlike any others in tulsa. click on the links to learn more about our team, and our founder john oliver, oklahoma's first certified building professional, cbp (2002).thank you for visiting our website and please contact us when you are ready to renovate your own private backyard oasis! hopefully the information contained within our site will help you make an informed decision.to learn more about swimming pools check out our blog. it is loaded with helpful information.atlantis pools & spas inc. of tulsa, awarded best of houzz 2018over 40 million monthly unique users nominated best home building, remodeling and design professionals in north america and around the worldtulsa, january 16, 2018 – atlantis pools & spas inc. of tulsa, ok. has won “best of customer service” onhouzz®, the leading platform for home remodeling and design. the 37-year old swimming pool design/build firm was chosen by the more than 40 million monthly unique users that comprise the houzz community from among more than one million active home building, remodeling and design industry professionals.the best of houzz is awarded annually in three categories: design, customer service and photography. design award winners’ work was the most popular among the more than 40 million monthly users on houzz. customer service honors are based on several factors, including the number and quality of client reviews a professional received in 2017. architecture and interior design photographers whose images were most popular are recognized with the photography award. a “best of houzz 2018” badge will appear on winners’ profiles, as a sign of their commitment to excellence. these badges help homeowners identify popular and top-rated home professionals in every metro area on houzz.“we are proud to receive this honor from houzz. we strive every day to be the absolute best pool construction company in northeastern oklahoma!” - john oliver."the houzz community selected a phenomenal group of best of houzz 2018 award winners, so this year's recipients should be very proud,” said liza hausman, vice president of industry marketing at houzz. “best of houzz winners represent some of the most talented and customer-focused professionals in our industry, and we are extremely pleased to give them both this recognition and a platform on which to showcase their expertise."follow atlantis pools & spas inc. on houzz
view our current projects view our video testimonials












valuable  information  here!







click here
free 8 page informative design booklet!






click here
free pool buying dvd!















does your pool need a facelift? fill out our
pool renovation request form >>







since 1981
atlantis pools and spas inc. was founded in 1981 by owner john oliver. since then atlantis has grown into a nationally recognized, award winning swimming pool renovation company. there are thousands of pools in eastern oklahoma renovated and built by atlantis, and john was personally involved with each and every one!our main focus as a company is on the renovation of in-ground gunite swimming pools. we renovate custom pools tailored to meet our clients' needs. we are known for designing and renovating some of the most complex pool projects in oklahoma. unlike most pool companies in tulsa, atlantis is more than just a "contractor". actual atlantis employees complete 100% percent of our projects rather than using subcontractors. by using in-house employees we have total control over the workmanship and scheduling and you see the same faces in your yard every day! 











 call today(918)641-1100






9300 e. broken arrow expressway, ste d
		                tulsa, ok. 74145
		                fax: (918) 641-1115
please fill out our project form to help us understand the scope of your project
get started >>









   












copyright 1981-2025 atlantis pools and spas inc.









