


heartflex - resistance exercise for health and fitness





















the hand held fitness toolso unique it isprotected by 3 us patents

click here to order now
includes priority shippingus orders $39.95



  :  overview  :  why it works  :  exercises
  :  faqs  :  testimonials  :  resources





links to somespecific applications


 fitness

   arm toning
   beginners
   cardio booster
   children
   seniors
   strength training

 special needs

   adaptive exercise
   dementia fitness
   multiple sclerosis
   muscular dystrophy
   seated exercise
   wheelchairs

 sports

   athletes
   athletic trainers
   baseball
   coach & athletic director
   forearms
   golf
   hands
   motorcycles
   shoulders
   strength training
   walkers
   wrists

 therapy

   breast cancer
   forearms
   hands
   lowers blood sugar
   occupational therapy
   physical therapy
   shoulders
   stroke recovery
   wrists





cardio fitness
forearm fitness
physical therapy
wrist fitness
breast cancer fitness
golf fitness
cardio fitness
golf fitness
athletes
occupational therapy
physical therapy





some of the many heartflex exercises and stretches





































builds upper body muscles that work
   heartflex produces the toned and powerful muscles of swimmers while increasing cardio endurance by combining resistance exercise with repetitions.

strengthens hands, wrists, arms, chest, shoulders, back, and cardio
   different heartflex movements allow the targeted training of specific muscles, joints, connectors, and structures to improve sports performance and functional tasks.

improves flexibility
   heartflex quickly increases range of motion (rom) with patented technology which permits the user to be in control of their own joint manipulation.

increases muscle speed 
   like a boxer's "speed bag" workout, heartflex couples light exertions with multiple repetitions to enhance muscle speed and power.

maximizes sports performance and fitness activities
   heartflex targets and strengthens sport specific muscles and joints  improving activities like golf, tennis, baseball, hockey, gymnastics, motorcycle riding, martial arts, and power walking.

boosts circulation and lowers blood sugar
   heart flex stimulates the vascular, pulmonary, and lymphatic circulatory systems.  increased circulation helps the body to naturally remove harmful toxins and lowers blood sugar.

prevents injuries
   heartflex conveniently and effectively performs pre task and pre sports warm up exercises preventing cold muscle injuries. it stretches muscles to their optimum length before strenuous exertion.  compact and lightweight, heartflex is convenient for work, home, and play.

speeds physical rehabilitation
   heartflex produces benign, passive resistance preventing "overloading" of healing injuries. it performs arom (active range of motion) exercise and therapy where the user is in control of their own joint manipulation.

transforms walking into a complete workout
   use heartflex while walking, tread milling, or stair stepping and turn these activities into complete body workouts by adding the crucial component of upper body strength and flexibility.

non-intimidating passive action 
   heartflex is not like dangerous weights or products powered by springs and bands that can snap back and cause injury.  it is totally passive and is ideal for the unconditioned and those suffering with spasticity issues.

lightweight, silent, and travels well
   heartflex weighs only nine ounces and packs easily making it a great travelling companion for everyday use and extended  trips.  its silent operation does not disturb conversations, tv watching, or radio listening.

no set routine required
   therapists call this variety of device a "fiddle" because people keep it handy throughout the day and "fiddle" with it .  heartflex allows users to begin slowly and develop strength at their own pace.

works for all fitness levels
   like swimming - heartflex is easy enough for the beginning exerciser and can be made difficult enough to challenge the most conditioned athlete - just by adding repetitions.






every heartflex purchase includes:
the heartflex upper body strengthener
brochure illustrating four basic exercises and     specific care instruction
bonus dvd consisting of the following videos:
     1. introduction and standard heartflex exercises

     2. 35 heartflex muscle strengthening movements. 
     3. heartflex for walking
     4. heartflex for golfing
     5. heartflex for "at home" breast cancer         surgery preparation and post surgical recovery.
united states postal service priority shipping
30 day moneyback guarantee!
the heartflex package


regardless of age or fitness level, the patented technology of heart flex produces toned, flexible, and conditioned muscles.get heart flex and build muscles that work.

so innovative it's protected by three us patents.
"consistent resistance" builds dense muscle tissue while improving flexibility and stamina.  by increasing the number of repetitions the heart flex effectively trains anyone from beginning exerciser to professional athlete.
see why it works

"i haven't put it down for three days.  it is tremendous." - ronald montesano


"i have played and competed in at least five organized sports. i wish i would have had the heartflex 40 years ago. this has been great for my hands, wrists and arms. and the cardio effect is incredible." - mitch c.

to read more testimonials click here


heart flex improves all sports performance because this amazing device allows the targeted training of specific upper body muscle groups. it builds muscle strength, power, flexibility, and control maximizing performance in sports like golf, tennis, gymnastics, baseball, martial arts, etc. 
heart flex transforms walking into a full body workout by supplying the crucial component of upper body strength building to this activity.
heart flex helps prevent work related injuries when used regularly, at your desk, to perform carpal tunnel stretches.



the heart flex hand-held exerciser delivers a great upper body workout.simple and easy heart flex upper body exercises build strong, flexible muscles,stimulate circulation, and improve cardiovascular endurance.



  :  home  :  about us  :  contact us  :  media
  :  legal  :  site map







athletes
senior fitness
walking fitness
walking fitness
seated fitness
wheelchair fitness
occupational therapy
beginners fitness

wheelchair fitness

wrist fitness

beginners fitness

breast cancer fitness

golf fitness



walking fitness
golf fitness
made in the usa
seated fitness
forearm fitness




additional products by ipdat, llc:  www.addadrain.com, www.mrfixture.com, www.toiletraiser.com
website designed & maintained by icom-design - wimberley, tx


