ï»¿






welcome to myrick consulting services















































808.329.5312
 




 home
 about us
 visual foxpro

 foxpro programming
 foxpro end of life


 services

 our services
 application migration
 programming services
 clipper / xharbour


 contact us
 send us your files






















808.329.5312
 


















myrick consulting services















exceptional experience and service



















we are a u.s. based consulting firm, providing services to government agencies 
								and companies of all types and sizes from one coast to the other.  while we specialize 
								in migrating older applications into current platforms, we also develop custom 
								applications designed to meet our client's requirements.
							
we provide services coast to coast and internationally.
				  			


contact us today to learn how we can help you.
							



click here
















our services


the web is full of consultants and companies offering programming services.  
	            				experience and expertise is what seperates the pretenders from the experts.
	            			


over the years we have developed countless applications of nearly every size and type.
								these applications have served a variety of industries, including criminal justice, financial, 
								power and water utilities, healthcare and manufacturing. 
							


our experience enables us to avoid the pitfalls and find the short cuts 
								that save you money and time.
							



learn more














software migration


one of our key specialties is migrating old foxpro, visual foxpro, 
								dbase and clipper applications into new current technologies. 
								migration gives new life to old software.
							


in many cases we can not only reuse the business logic of your old 
								application, but the code as well, saving you time and money in the process. 
								we also provide maintenance and enhancement support for these older applications.
							



learn more














foxpro and visual foxpro specialist


we are foxpro and visual foxpro experts!
							

we provide support for old foxpro applications and new visual foxpro application development.  
								regardless, if you need an old application modified, a file issue corrected or are looking 
								for a new application on a trusted platform, we can help.  we also provide support for clipper, 
								xharbour, dbase.
							


contact us today to learn more.
							



click here
















free estimates


where possible we will provide you with a free estimate as 
								to the cost of a migration, new development or maintenance for your existing application.
							


								call us today to learn more.
							



learn more


























  home
  sitemap




   let's get social!










		copyright 2022 by myrick consulting services, all rights reserved.
		






  		808.329.5312

  	email: info@myrickconsulting.com










