








lari white



















































blog


music


about


contact












                
                  lari white
                
              








blog


music


about


contact














blog

news




















update from lari


november 13, 2017





a final letter from lari to her vocal students. originally posted at artistworks website.dear students:it grieves me deeply to have to share this news:a little over a month ago, on september 27, i was diagnosed with cancer.although some symptoms were evident through the summer, they would come and go as an upset stomach.i went to my gp in early july, and the initial tests came back negative. the upset stomach persisted, however, and i made an appointment with my gastroenterologist. although i had had a recent clear colonoscopy, out of an abundance of caution we scheduled a ct scan. the day before the ct scan, i had my regularly scheduled pap smear, which came back abnormal. the ct scan and the subsequent tests results indicated cancer and put me in the hospital for exploratory surgery early october. the surgery revealed advanced peritoneal cancer. since then a series of complications including pain management, pneumonia and a bowel obstruction requiring emergency surgery has kept me in and out of the hospital fighting for my life. this is, of course, my focus for the foreseeable future.it has been my joy to share some of the vocal techniques i use and i hope you will all continue with your journey to become better singers. i am so very sorry i cannot be available for you all right now or in the upcoming future. two more cycles of chemo, another major surgery and keeping on top of medicine and treatment has me bedridden most of the time. this will continue through the rest of 2017 and 2018.in the meantime, artistworks has secured a very talented, energetic and qualified substitute teacher who will begin posting video responses for you all next week!all i ask is that you keep singing! make a joyful noise, because i believe our creator loves the sound! i will deeply appreciate your thoughts and prayers . . .love,lari a gofundme account has been established to help with white’s hospital bills.
























summer days rockin' away...


june 13, 2017





from cozumel to the carolinas, april in paris to my birthday in tupelo, i've logged a lot of miles this year, and we're barely halfway through 2017. i couldn't be happier! ever since my beautiful fans and friends came together last summer to help me make "old friends, new loves," i've been venturing back out on the road and having a blast. i call it the "nekkid" tour cause it's just me and my trusty companions, a shiny red nord keyboard and my black graphite baby martin guitar, playing small listening rooms and intimate house concerts for you, the best. fans. ever! highlights of 2017 so far? sitting in with rodney crowell and emmylou harris on the cayamo cruise, opening peg parham's new "listen at hush" series in greensboro nc, reuniting onstage with some of my original bandmates for the cma fest's forever country concert and last weekend's fulshear house concert with special guest and my new gal pal emily robinson. at the moment i'm in missoula montana rehearsing for this weekend's performances of tim ryan's epic "play me montana," featuring the missoula symphony, native salish indian dancers, and big-screen scenic mountain visuals. tim and i have been friends for over 25 years and he's written a stunning collection of songs that i'm honored to get to sing.every day the news and social media bombard us with political turmoil, economic anxiety and shallow pop culture, and the picture painted looks pretty grim. but then i'll get to spend one evening in a small room with living breathing human beings, sharing songs and stories, laughing and crying and moving to the groove, and my heart is reminded - this is what we're really about: connecting, collaborating, communicating. face to face with real people i see enough generosity, humor and faith to move all the mountains, and i'm grateful just to get some up close and personal time together. i leave every venue renewed and inspired!i'm playing shows in the atlanta area and in wisconsin in july, at a festival in ohio in august and the big barn dance in taos in september. hope to see you at a show this year xox



















lari and band cma fest's forever country stage 2017








with shiny red nord at cma fest 2017








lari, rudy gatlin, danielle peck and baby ava at cma fest 2017








cayamo 2017








chuck and lari anniversary show at red clay theater in duluth ga april 2017








opening night of "listen at hush" series in greensboro nc 2017








fulshear house concert hosts scott and allison witt flanking lari and opening act emily robinson, june 2017










 















gallery block

        these are example images. double-click here to replace these images with your own content.
        
          learn more












































































































newer
older








top












email address






join






thank you!






















































copyright © lari white










