


the art of penny parker



































"painting is my way of creating a more positive, peaceful and beautiful world.
it's a refuge, a joy, and makes living in this troubled world a much nicer place to be."

welcome to the art and graphics website of penny parker!"
 
within this site you will find three categories: art gallery, linkware websets, and cd
purchases.  many of the images in each section contains work from my own original paintings,
drawings, greeting cards, posters, etc. that i've created in the past 40 years.   the other images have
been created from original drawings i've sketched on paper, scanned, and digitally painted on the
computer since 2001.
fine art giclã©e prints are now available for purchase in the art gallery. they are available in either velvet fine art
paper or canvas as limited editions and open editions.   since all my paintings are in private
collections, there are no original works of art available at this time.   there can be no originals with digital
paintings, so the final result can only be a digital graphic or print.
 
the linkware websets contains background sets made for web pages for your own personal use
in the internet.   these can be used in conjunction with traditional html sites, or with blogging software such as wordpress as shown at theblogstarter.com.  as a token of appreciation for the tremendous amount of encouragement and support i've received throughout the years, the linkware sets are all *free* to use as long as long as you follow the terms of use and provide a link back to my site.  i do hope they will help you to bring more beauty and enjoyment into this crazy world we live in.
 
the cd purchases includes large high resolution images that are perfect for printing on paper,
desktop wallpaper for your computer, and some contain background sets made for web pages.  
 	
thank you for stopping by and please enjoy your tour!   i sincerely hope you will enjoy my art as
much as i've enjoyed creating them.
art gallery | linkware websets | cd purchases
terms of use | biography | email

unless otherwise noted, copyrights (c) are retained by penny parker on all existing art, images and graphics located in this site.  all rights reserved.





