
















 christian learning center | our daily bread university

































































































































































all courses
subscription options

gift certificate


our story

our lecturers


learning library
certificate programs
professional development

diploma in ministry leadership


faq
contact us
log in
 









 

 



search for:










sign in











 












search for:












 




all courses
subscription options

gift certificate


our story

our lecturers


learning library
certificate programs
professional development

diploma in ministry leadership


faq
contact us
log in
 






search for:





 





learn. grow. lead.our daily bread university’s mission is to enrich and equip the global church through affordable and accessible online courses, programs, and learning resources.
sign up now






for over 20 years, our daily bread university has been a trusted christian learning center, providing affordable, accessible online courses for christians at every stage of their spiritual journey—from new believers to experienced christian leaders.








improve your knowledge of the bible and how to apply its life-changing wisdom to your life.
grow in your faith and spiritual practice. 
equip yourself to pursue your personal calling in ministry or leadership.
confidently share your faith and disciple others.






extensive online course library
choose from over 250 online courses on a wide variety of topics, such as bible study, theology, apologetics, spiritual formation, pastoral care, and leadership.


certificate programs
earn a certificate to deepen your bible knowledge and strengthen your leadership skills. explore the bible, develop ministry expertise, and gain practical tools!




group studies
we deliver online courses, programs, and resources to support group studies, staff development, and leadership training.


professional development opportunities
odbu partners with organizations that grant degree credit or continuing education units (ceus).




ways to engage



free access
access to over 75 courses at no charge
begin

premium subscription
full access to all courses and programs for one low subscription price
sign up

group subscriptions
significant volume discounts for groups
learn more





odbu is a part of our daily bread ministries, which you can find at odbm.org. you will find encouragement for everyday life in their popular daily devotional filled with stories, personal applications, and wisdom from the life-changing word of god that you can apply to your own life. discover our history and our connection.


 


sign in


email

password



remember me





  recent blog posts 


 

honoring black history month
02/12/2025




 

lands of the bible
01/29/2025




 

new option for free users
01/09/2025



see all
 join our email list for updates, announcements, and special offers!













"*" indicates required fields


name*


first



last

email*


  















 









 © 2025 - our daily bread university. all rights reserved.
terms and conditions
rights and permissions
privacy policy
 


christian learning center



				welcome to our daily bread university			

watch this quick video to learn how to use our free courses! locked material indicates it is part of our premium subscription. for less than $13 per month, you can access premium content for this course and more than 250 others. our 1 week free trial is yours to try! to begin, click here.



			x			













































































































































