








martin container - customized containers | container company
















































skip to content


























(800) 221-3727






websales@container.com











about usproducts refrigerated container custom dry storage containers mobile offices trailerscontact us(800) 221-3727websales@container.com




 




×
about usproducts refrigerated container custom dry storage containers mobile offices trailerscontact us(800) 221-3727websales@container.com










 













your trusted source for shipping containers






customized storage solutions since 1976






providing refrigerated and dry storage service to california, arizona and nevada for over 45 years.







customize your container today!






























we specialize in customized storage solutions.






tell us what you need and we'll deliver











at martin container, we take pride in being a family-owned and operated business dedicated to serving the refrigerated and dry storage shipping container industry. with a legacy of quality spanning almost 50 years, we have established ourselves as a trusted name in the industry, offering premium products and unparalleled service to our valued customers.
our 24/7 service gives you the flexibility you need when dealing with complex timelines.
we offer both leasing and purchasing options for all of our equipment and specialize in custom-built container solutions.
operating near the port of los angeles gives us access to many transportation options that allow us to serve clients throughout california, arizona, and nevada.
with nearly 50 years of experience, we’re one of the oldest and largest container companies on the west coast. our clients span nearly every industry. from refrigerated solutions in farming and grocery chains to complex aerospace materials. we have partnered with the best vendors and contractors in the industry.







more about us












we set the standard when it comes to quality and service. whatever product you decide to go with, we guarantee:



pre-trip inspection 24 hours before we hand over the container to our client to maintain quality assuranceanti-rust treatment to last 20 yearswind and watertight containersavailable to answer questions pre- or post-saleoffering a wide range of container sizes and formats customized to your unique requirements, we're committed to delivering the highest quality container solutions you need at the lowest prices. 


















why choose a customized container solution






we custom build all equipment to size and follow industry standards











highly durable storage solutions built to last






all of our custom shipping containers are manufactured to rigorous standards. this ensures they can withstand even the harshest elements while keeping your valuable goods secure during travel or long-term storage.
whether you're looking for 20- or 40-foot shipping containers, refrigerated storage units or a mobile office space, you can be confident that we'll build your custom solution to last.





























unmatched quality of service and reliability






at martin container, we pride ourselves on being the oldest and largest container provider on the west coast, and our professionalism and industry experience is second to none.
your business should not have to sacrifice quality service for affordability. we offer fast and immediate service to all our clients 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. no matter what issue you may experience, you can sleep easy knowing we're on standby to help you every step of the way.





























emergency support when you need it






we know that every client’s business is unique, and so are their needs. when relying on a refrigerated shipping container or a mobile office setups, minor issues with refrigeration units can quickly lead to more significant problems for the business.
at martin containers, we are on call to provide emergency support for all of our clients whenever they need it. if you ever experience any malfunctions with your refrigeration or air conditioning units, our experienced technicians will be on-site within six hours to diagnose and repair the issue. if any of your equipment ever needs to be replaced, we’ll ensure you're back up and running within 24 hours.
























get a free quote


















explore our solutions






guaranteed wind and watertight containers designed to last



















refrigerated containers


our premium-grade refrigerated shipping container solutions offer a temperature-controlled environment with certified food-safe interior linings and state-of-the-art temperature monitoring and control systems. available in electric and carb-compliant diesel-powered options, our refrigerated containers are ideal for food service industries, pharmaceutical companies and any business requiring accurate temperature-controlled storage. 



										learn more									



















dry storage containers


we offer a variety of dry storage containers in multiple sizes and grades to fit your unique needs. our dry storage containers range in length from 10 to 45 feet and are made from 14-gauge corten steel. featuring marine-grade plywood floors, certified seaworthy cargo doors and rust-resistant paint and primer, our containers are built to take whatever your business throws at them while keeping your goods safe and secure. 



										learn more									





















mobile offices 


whether you need a temporary office space at a job site or a permanent solution for your business, our mobile office containers are the perfect fit. with various layout options and features available, including electrical outlets, heating and air conditioning, insulation and windows, our containers offer both functionality and comfort. depending on your needs, our container packages can provide you with everything you need to be up and running the day your unit is delivered. 



										learn more									



















containers trailers


our refrigerated trailers offer high-quality temperature-controlled units for companies needing ultra-high efficiency and dependable cold storage of goods in transit. all our reefer trailers are designed to keep your products at a consistent temperature regardless of exterior conditions. available in 48' and 53' lengths, these trailers are equipped with advanced refrigeration technology and durable construction to ensure your goods arrive at their destination in the best possible condition. 



										learn more									



















our shipping container options






we know every business is different, which is why we offer a variety of purchasing options for you to choose from. whether you’re looking for a short-term storage solution or a long-term refrigerated shipping container, we support a purchasing arrangement that’s right for your business.













buy your custom build






we offer completely custom shipping containers for sale that are built to the exact specifications of our client’s needs. whether you’re looking for a custom-sized, road-safe shipping container or long-term mobile office, we’ll give you the flexibility to build a perfect solution for your business at the most affordable price. 











short-term rental






if you’re looking for a short-term solution for your business, we also offer shipping container rental options. our rental services allow you to quickly and easily set up a temporary workspace or storage unit for a low monthly price without the commitment of purchasing a container outright. 











long-term lease






for businesses regularly scaling their operations or looking for a longer-term container solution with the flexibility to expand or relocate, our long-term lease options are the perfect fit. our leasing agreements provide stability and predictability for your business while allowing you to choose terms that fit your needs and budget. 












get a free quote


















our process






at martin container, we follow a rigorous process to ensure our containers meet the highest quality standards. from design and engineering to manufacturing and delivery, we pay attention to every detail to provide our clients with the very best possible product at the most affordable prices.











step 1


container procurement























we specialize in transforming new, used and modified global shipping containers into near-perfect units. our first step in the process is procuring containers from our trusted sources. we then use our expertise and state-of-the-art equipment to completely transform them into near-perfect condition.











step 2


inspection and treatment























our meticulous process transforms used shipping containers showing wear and tear into premium resealable units. we use professional equipment to remove surface rust, scratches and dents. then, we sand strip any rough spots, dirt, old paint and decals. this gives us a clean slate to work with, allowing us to make necessary modifications and enhancements.











step 3


structural rebuild























once properly prepped, we'll tailor each container to our client's needs, whether that includes major modifications or structural enhancements. this can include rollup doors, office windows, refinished flooring, additional ventilation or electrical components as needed.











step 4


apply anti-rust primer and paint























we know that our custom shipping containers will be exposed to harsh weather conditions and frequent use, so we prioritize durability in any of our rebuilds. in the next part of our process, we'll apply anti-rust coatings, including primers, paints and sealants, to ensure your container will last for years to come.











step 5


final product delivery























once the final application of paint dries, we'll proceed with a rigorous final inspection to ensure that the container meets our high-quality standards. this includes checking for any potential leaks after wind and water testing and ensuring all modifications have been completed correctly. depending on the type of unit ordered, we will guarantee our containers for up to five years after delivery.









 














west coast areas we service









california | arizona | nevada










contact us


















hear what our clients have to say














“i have been very happy with the level of service and performance of equipment. the driver is very knowledgeable and has excellent driving skills. very satisfied and would recommend this company to anyone.”

rick iasparro
key account manager | straub distributing




“everyone associated with martin container has the customer in mind. our experience could not have been more perfect. from the start with charlie to the end with the drivers. and everyone in between. thank you, martin container, you are amazing.”

juana oreb
saint thomas more catholic church




“martin container is so helpful in working out scheduling and timing of container pickup and deliveries. steve is the bomb in working with tight time schedules. i have loved working with them for the past 10+ years.”

laura jasperson
administrative manager | bekins moving solutions


 




































about
contact
locations








10ft storage container
20 foot storage container
40ft storage containers











(800) 221-3727






websales@container.com




















our location
1400 atlantic ave, compton, ca 90221, united states









	martin container. digital marketing by 








 










