





leon m. goldstein high school for the sciences






















 


 leon m. goldstein high school for the sciences logo
mr. scott hughes, principal










google translate




facebook twitter 




leon m. goldstein high school for the sciences
 1830 shore blvd.
          brooklyn, ny 11235

 (718) 368-8500 
(718) 368-8555 

»home+about us»general information»principal hughes' message»mission & vision»programs offered»school policies»who is involved?»departments»freshmen orientation 2023»school leadership team»staff directory»directions»media galleries»video gallery»contact us+students+college office →»staff»links»fafsa»10 best colleges that offer free tuition»guidance classroom powerpoint for juniors»valedictorian and salutatorian criteria»guidance»links»online community service reporting form»opportunities for students»school policies»senior news»alumni directory+parents+parent association»about us»donate - use this link to donate to the lmghs pa+fundraising»school store»parent coordinator»guidance»school leadership team»links»departments»senior news»school policies+teachers»departments»lmghs admin»classes/homework»staff resources»links»school policies»administrative memos+athletics»teams»forms»psal»lmg visitors/audience policies+library»library»vacancies»contact

resources

quick links


request to be contacted by a school staff member


link to purchase additional graduation tickets


prom 2025 tickets


senior dues 2024 - 2025


working papers


blood donation parent consent form for 16 year old


health services/section 504 accomodations


protection of pupil rights amendment


family educational rights and privacy act (ferpa)


orientation 2024


links














skip to content
skip to menu


















 

from the
        principal's desk
mr. scott k. hughes - principal

 

our
        staff list
learn more

 

staff
        calendar
learn more

 
 







upcoming events

see calendar
see all






mid-winter recess

date: 
								
							today - feb 21
							
								
						
location:  schools closed
						
					




monthly slt meeting

date: 
									feb 25
								
								
						

time:
4:00 pm
 - 7:00 pm






in school psat for all 10th grade students 

date: 
								
							mar 4 - mar 5
							
								
						
location:  all 10th grade students are registered to take this exam on one of these two days.  the specific time/date will be distributed closer to the administration.  
						
					




in school sat for all 11th grade students

date: 
								
							mar 6 - mar 7
							
								
						
location:  all 11th grade students have been registered to take the sat on one of these two days - specific time/date will be sent closer to the administration date.  
						
					




parents' association monthly meeting 

date: 
									mar 12
								
								
						

time:
7:00 pm
 - 9:00 pm

location:  google meeting - nominating committee formed
						
					




end of marking period 4

date: 
									mar 14
								
								
						










news & announcements

see all




parents' association meeting - february 12, 2025 - 7pm			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					the monthly  meeting of the parents' association will be on wednesday, february 12, 2025  beginning at 7 pm.  this is a virtual meeting the link to the meeting is below.





brooklyn community board 14 youth conference - 3/12/25




					
				
					
				
									
				
					join brooklyn community board 14, the flatbush ymca and dozens of city agencies, nonprofit organizations and internship providers on wednesday, march 12, from 4-7 pm to plug into opportunities for brooklyn students. the youth conference connects young people between the ages of 14 and 21 with valuable opportunities for the summer and beyond. we are excited to welcome organizations including fdny, camba inc., the brooklyn public library and many more! attendees can learn about the summer youth employment program (syep), internships, career readiness, after-school programs and college admissions, connect with health, legal, immigration and other support services, and apply for programs on the spot. young people can build their job-search skills by participating in mock interviews with brooklyn vips.





apply for a seat on a community and citywide education council




					
				
					
				
									
				
					applications for the community and citywide education council (ccec) elections opened on january 13. these elections are a powerful way for parents to advocate for their school communities and influence educational policies citywide. we encourage parents/guardians to apply for a seat on a council via your nyc schools account (nycsa).  nycsa automatically shows you all the councils you're eligible to run for as soon as you log in. for more information on community and citywide education councils please visit the ccec elections 2025 information.





information regarding students requiring to leave school before the end of the instructional day. 			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					please read and follow the procedure provided to best insure your child's safety.





dolphins spirit wear store




					
				
					
				
									
				
					shop leon goldstein hs sideline store





applications for nyc’s 2025 summer youth employment program (syep) are now open!			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					applications are now open, the deadline to complete your application is february 28, 2025. use the attached link to access the application.





health guidance and resources			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					as we enter the winter season, please see the attached useful information from the department of education regarding staying healthy and information for what to do if your child becomes ill.





lmghs email addresses now created and activated for all incoming students and parents/guardians!




					
				
					
				
									
				
					please sign into your newly created lmghs.org email addresses today!





parent/guardians -  sign into  lmghs.org email accounts!




					
				
					
				
									
				
					please read the attached document for step-by-step instructions to access your lmghs.org email accounts - much important information has already been sent to these email addresses!





ny schools accounts




					
				
					
				
									
				
					with an nyc schools account you will be able to access key information about your child's progress in school, including attendance, report card grades, regents scores, assessments, general student information, and academic schedule in one of ten languages on a computer, phone or tablet. please open this link for additional information regarding setting up your account.





dial a teacher homework help			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					the uft’s homework helpline, dial-a-teacher, is back for its 41st year.





90% attendance required for psal eligibility			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					roughly 3 or less absences per marking period.











featured  album




grads 2023




join our email lists



student of the month





student of the month




video not found











leon m. goldstein high school for the sciences

nyc doe
"academic excellence in a caring community"
powered by educational networks 























main menu







r: start/stop reading the current menu items
esc: go previous items or close main menu












