










home - everbloom learning












































































































 















		skip to content


everbloom learning







new horizons learning resources 







is now everbloom learning 






























main menu

 

home
about
assessments

ecwes
pas
bas


books

director’s toolbox
all books


contact
my account
















$0.00 


 
								0							










 

						0					


					subtotal: $0.00 


no products in the cart.





















welcome to everbloom learning 



formerly new horizons learning resources.  everbloom learning will continue new horizon’s 20+ years of offering high impact content, assessments and services for early childhood leaders and their teams. 






books










about us















support and coaching 



everbloom learning partners with exceptional leadership development professionals who specialize in coaching, training, and custom consulting, specifically for early childcare professionals. please contact us for more information.  






contact us















early childhood administrators 



whether you’re the director of a preschool, administrator of a head start program, or a family child care provider, you need up-to-date resources to help you effectively manage your program. everbloom learning specializes in books, assessments, and coaching to help you achieve your vision of excellence. 







 











 







college instructors and trainers 



meaningful professional development experiences are at the core of building a stable and capable early childhood workforce. everbloom learning publishes trainer’s guides that include step-by-step instructions for planning dynamic and informative training for early childhood administrators. 











technical assistance specialists 



									valid and reliable assessment tools are essential for measuring, monitoring, and improving organizational practices. if you are an assessor, coach, or ta specialist, our assessment tools can help you in your role of supporting continuous quality improvement.								







 






 


 






 





contact










 
(952) 807-5345




 
(815) 366-7494



 
todd@everbloomlearning.com










 





follow us









facebook
 



linkedin
 



twitter
 












quick links









home




books




about us
















copyright © 2025 everbloom learning | built by mountain media








 




































 


