





united skates of america | nationwide roller skating centers



























































































skip to content












 










main menu

 

locations
employment
contact








flyout menu

 






locations
employment
contact


 


























america’s finest roller skating centers

 




celebrating 50 years of bringing families and friends together on the rink. 















clean, fun, friendly & safe! 







 







the rinks 



skating and beyond. 



the focus of our facilities is always the beautiful, smooth rink in the center of all the action. bordering the rink is plenty of seating for spectators and for skaters to relax, with colorful murals everywhere you look. some rinks feature a collection of classic and modern arcade games, complete with a prize counter for redeeming tickets. a cafe featuring classics like pizza, soda, nachos, and pretzels keep guests fueled up during their stay. 











the celebrations 



hundreds of thousands of birthday parties and counting. 



birthday parties at a roller rink are a time-honored tradition that we are thrilled to be a part of year after year, across the country, and from one generation to the next. we revel in the fact that moms and dads who once celebrated with us are now bringing their kiddos to celebrate, reigniting their own memories and fondness for the rink. 







 











 







the weekly parties 



curated events for all ages. 



we specialize in our themed weekly events, from holiday celebrations and family skates to glow parties and adult skates. these special events happen week after week at every rink across the country, bringing together our entire community near and far. guests love to dress up and gather with their friends and families for a unique night out you’ll only experience at one of our rinks. 











the group life 



a favorite local spot for field trips and group outings. 



skating fun for everyone! groups love having a place to bring the children that’s clean, fun, friendly, and safe! get amazing group rates for camps, day cares, youth clubs, church groups, after school programs, parks and recreation programs, and more! schedule a day out and get great discounted group rates and an all-inclusive experience. advance booking for groups required. 







 











 







the learning 



specially designed stem programs for schools. 



stem field trips are education and fun, all rolled into one! introduce your students to a unique educational experience that gets them excited about learning! students will learn how the concepts of science, technology, engineering, and math can be found in everyday experiences, even fun experiences like roller skating!

the lessons focus on hands-on activities that are both educational and fun! lesson plans follow next generation and state-level curriculum standards that relate back to classroom learning making this program completely unique!  











the memories 



unique corporate event opportunities 



birthday parties at a roller rink are a time-honored tradition that we are thrilled to be a part of year after year, across the country, and from one generation to the next. we revel in the fact that moms and dads who once celebrated with us are now bringing their kiddos to celebrate, reigniting their own memories and fondness for the rink. 







 



















see our locations 



skate with us! 



we have rinks in 12 states from california to new york. each rink has their own vibe, staying true to their local communities. check them out! 






see all locations

























 















arizonacaliforniafloridaillinoisindianamichigan 







north carolinanew jerseynew yorkohiorhode island 














©2022 united skates of americaprivacy policy transparency in coverage  | cignathis link leads to the machine-readable files that are made available in response to the federal transparency in coverage rule and includes negotiated service rates and out-of-network allowed amounts between health plans and healthcare providers. the machine readable files are formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and application developers to more easily access and analyze data.  












 



















































































