














party & graduation limos dutchess country ny| gruda limos



















































 (914) 769-6700
 tap to call (914) 769-6700


















gruda limos








 12 wilson st hartsdale, new york 10530
 grudalimo@yahoo.com



why pay more when you can get better for less?









toggle navigation




menu

 home
 about us
services 

wedding limos nyc
prom limos nyc
bachelor/bachelorette parties limo nyc
corporate limo service nyc
party & graduation limos nyc


service areas 

limo rental bronxville ny
limo rental company nyc
limo rental company white plains ny
limo rental eastchester ny
limo rental carmel ny
limo rental harrison ny
limo rental stamford ct
limo rental greenwich ct
limo rental new rochelle ny
limo rental danbury ct
limo rental mahopac ny
limo rental bronx ny
limo rental putnam county ny
limo rental scarsdale ny
limo rental valhalla ny
limo rental westchester ny
limo rental white plains ny
armonk ny limos
mount kisco ny limos
lake mohegan ny limos
peekskill ny limos
rye brook ny limos
limo service ossining ny
purchase ny limos
limo rental yonkers ny


 limousines 

lincoln limousine (10 passengers )
bentley
new escalade limo (20 passengers)
hummer limo (20 passengers)
mercedes-benz s550
s550 mercedes limousine 10 passangers
rolls-royce phantom


party bus
 customer reviews
 online reservation
 contact us






















hurry? contact us book a trip now


 book a ride now


 conact us










wedding limos
gruda limousine service weddings are second to none. gruda limousine offers the best in wedding packages. at your request we can put our drivers in tuxedos, or just a plain suit, the choice is yours.
continue reading





prom limos
gruda limousine did not forget about you. we have the special day, or evening, for you. we will give you 7 hours anywhere you want to go, for one low special price per person.
continue reading





party limos
just let us know where you wish to go and let us do the driving for you. gruda limousine service's experienced chauffeurs will give the very best in service 
and courtesy.
continue reading







why choose gruda limos




quick service
we use one of the best leading airport transfer companies to offer you 





affordable rates
we use one of the best leading airport transfer companies to offer you 





easy booking
hassle free booking process with immediate confirmation of booking, 





24/7 customer support
our signature celebrity home tours whisk you through the most exclusive 







welcome to gruda limos
gruda limousine service has been an excellent provider of limousine transportation in westchester and putnam counties and nyc for over 20 years.  since 1996, gruda limousine service has been providing high quality transportation and excellent service to all our clients.  we strive to provide excellent service and  top quality vehicles  across nyc, westchester and putnam counties.  our limos are the best of the best!   our vehicles are always the latest models and meticulously maintained.  our fleet consists of stretch limos, suv’s, party buses, and specialty vehicles such as, rolls royce phantom, escalade, hummer, mercedes, just to name a few.  our vehicles are easily identified by their gruda limousine service logos.
here at gruda limousine, we know that weddings are one of the most important events of your life. we specialize in helping you make your wedding  extra special.  at gruda limousine we specialize in wedding limo rental service across westchester county, putnam county and nyc.  gruda limousine weddings are second to none. we offer  customized wedding packages designed to suit your specific needs & budget. we make it easy with the perfect limo and professional & friendly chauffeurs for the perfect wedding anywhere in westchester, putnam and nyc area .
our goal is to help you select the perfect limo and package for your events. we offer packages for all services such as, weddings, night out on the town, sweet 16’s, birthdays, graduations, concerts, anniversaries, and corporate events.  we are detailed oriented to the smallest detail of our chauffeur’s outfit and attitude to ensuring that everyone arrives on time. choose from any of our fleet of super clean limousines and let us provide that finishing touch to any event. an experienced chauffeur is provided with all of our limousines to guarantee our customers get the red carpet treatment they deserve.
call gruda limousine service nyc & westchester county at  (914) 769-6700
read more




area served





westchester county, ny
white plains, ny
bronxville, ny
eastchester, ny
peekskill, ny
greenwich ct
stamford ct




new rochelle, ny
putnam valley, ny
valhalla, ny
harrison, ny
scarsdale, ny
danbury ct
bronx ny








jefferson valley, ny
elmsford, ny
peekskill, ny
ossining, ny
putnam county ny 
carmel ny




mamaroneck, ny
greenburgh, ny
mount kisco, ny
yonkers, ny
mahopac ny

















kim l.
02/02/2015

it’s a well established and professionally operated business




victor dedvukaj
15/10/2015

we used gruda limousine for my brothers wedding, the limousines where very clean and fully stock with drinks and champagne. i would highly recommend gruda limousines for all events always on time.




anthony kv
30/09/2015

the super party bus is awesome! for those large parties and weddings
















have questions?
ask a specialist



(914) 769-6700
or email us at grudalimo@yahoo.com











contact information
www.grudolimos.com
12 wilson st hartsdale, new york 10530
telephone: (914) 769-6700
email: grudalimo@yahoo.com





site info
home
customer reviews
online reservation
contact us
 



vehicles we have

































follow us on













copyright © 2025 gruda limos, inc. all rights reserved.
developed by: next web studio





we accept
















 









