


home bar plans - printable pdf home bar designs



























home
          bar plans bar building plans & home bars & designs






































							 





















for 
			over 25 years in the bar construction business we have 
			been supplying customers with indoor and outdoor plans & designs to show you how to build 
		a bar. a home bar will entertain friends, create conversation, laughter, 
		celebrations and become the focal point in your home --- which all 
		equals fun! these are just a few of the things that might come to mind 
		when you think about owning your own bar in your home. imagine your 
		basement 
		filled with friendly conversation, music and friends enjoying 
		themselves. envision an exciting game on your big-screen tv with 
		everyone cheering and having a great time! we have been 
			designing bars and creating bar layouts for clients for over 
			25 years. our customers vary from homeowners to 
		tavern owners looking to build a commercial furniture grade basement bar 
		or outdoor tiki bar at an 
		economical price. the design criteria we use for our bar designs was 
		gathered from various sources, including watching re-runs of the 80's 
		television show "cheers". 
we also look at all the different brands of 
			home bars that you can buy commercially and we visit local taverns and 
		pubs to get a feel of what features we would like included in our 
		designs. we are constantly updating our bar plans to provide our 
		customers with the latest popular designs. we want our bars to resemble 
		professionally built models that can cost more than $10,000! the 
		results of our hard work and research are bar designs and layouts that are easy to 
		build, can be built at a fraction of the price of professionally built 
			bars, and look as good or better than any commercially built bar that 
		you would find in your local neighborhood tavern or restaurant. take a 
		look at our completed projects gallery, 
			where you will get a look at some of the bars our customers have 
			built in their homes.
 






				we sell 
				customizable 3d pdf bar plan 
				packages.

only $10 each



				our shop is now on etsy



				click on any bar image for more detailed info
				and to download
				

 
 
				




45 degree bar


back bar plans 



corner bar





 tiki bar plans




walk-up bar




straight bar



portable tiki




l shaped bar


all bars are easily 
				customizable to fit any available space in your home.
our bar plans which are 
professionally drawn on a state of the art 
		cad system. some of the new renderings are truly amazing like our latest 
		creation the 
oak back bar. our newest creation, the
		
 big kahuna tiki bar plans was released 
			early this year at the request of many of our existing members, there was 
		a high demand for this outdoor masterpiece.
			 
		
		

home
          bar plans online has been featured on home
          and garden television  (hgtv) on the program  guys'
          rooms. you can take a look at the 

			feature on youtube.  also, we have recently been featured in
            ask
          men
magazine in the article "top
          10 living room gadgets" and in 

          maxim magazine in the article  "how to build a bar".
 


hot
          off the press! home bar plans online has been featured in do!
          magazine.  the name of the article is "belly up to
          the bar". the article talks about the lure of having a bar in
          your house and the different options a homeowner has, whether to buy a
          readymade bar, hire a contractor or do it yourself (with plans from
          our website!).
all of our plans include detailed dimensional drawings, pictures, 
			a material list, cut lists and a cost estimate along with many helpful
          hints and suggestions to make your job easier.
take a look in our public bar
          builders
          gallery to see some of the bars that our customers have built 
			in their homes, along with comments that we have received about our 
			plans. 
the best part about our designs is that they look great
          and can be constructed easily by a novice do-it-yourselfer. basic tools 
			required to build bars from our plans are as follows:


circular saw
jig saw (for drip tray cut-out)


drill w/screwdriver bit
hammer


clamps
tape measure


miter box
hand saw


don't make the mistake of buying a set of 
		bar plans that you would need a fully stocked woodworking shop or
          specialty tools to
          complete. our plans are specifically designed for the novice layman. 
		not much woodworking experience is needed, making our plans that 
		much more attractive. our customer's favorite feature of our designs is the kegerator
          box
          design
          which allows you to supply draft beer at pennies a glass. the pictures 
		below show an excellent example of our keg box design incorporated into 
		our basic straight bar. the keg box is an air tight insulated box 
		located directly under the 3 tap tower in this example.  the 
		cooling equipment can be taken from an old refrigerator and transplanted 
		under the bar, or standalone units can be purchased from various 
		vendors. don't spend thousands for an
          under-bar refrigeration system when you can build it yourself. click a 
		picture for a larger version. additional customer photos can be viewed 
		in our project
          gallery:


 


 


 

our plans also include supplier names and phone numbers for the lowest prices
available for specialty items such as oak
          arm rest molding,  brass
          rail etc. so you don't have to waste time searching for the best price, we did the legwork 
			for you!




 







 

























congratulations, 
					mike & joan from denver, nc. our first big kahuna tiki bar 
					constructed! see how they did it!








       






 

















 




 
 














copyright © 1997 - 2022 mash products llc
all rights reserved
privacy
policy  |  terms of use
 








