




home page - wright products, inc.














     slipp@wrightproductsinc.com















about the slipp® 

home
info
sizes and applications
video
faq
order
instructions


contact









                    easy, convenient
                    efficient, affordable.
                

                    all reasons your facility should
                    be using slipp®, the patient mover!
                











                about the founder
            

wright products inc. was founded in april of 2001 by grant wright. prior to establishing wright products inc., mr. wright founded and served as president of inventive products inc., a company that developed, manufactured, and marketed the first product ever to help women with breast self-examination. more than 25 years later, mr. wright is continuing in his father's footsteps for a second generation, working in the area of new products and new product development.
            







                about wright products, inc.
            

wright products inc. manufactures and markets the slipp®, a unique patient transfer device. the slipp® is currently in use at over 2,500 healthcare facilities nationwide with great results. wright products goal with the slipp® is to help healthcare facilities reduce their exposure to back and shoulder injuries which occur during patient transfers and patient repositioning. by making patient transfers easier on the patient as well as the staff, wright products inc. is helping facilities to control costs related to patient transfers. wright products inc. has completed numerous studies with universites and healthcare facilities that involved the slipp® and its ability to reduce exposure to back and shoulder injuries among staff. wright products prides itself on producing the highest quality product while providing excellence in customer service.
            








                            wright products, inc.
                            1909 s. taylorville rd.
                            decatur, il 62521
                        



                            1-800-356-6911
slipp@wrightproductsinc.com





                        the slipp® is a registered trademark of wright products, inc© 2025, all rights reserved.
                    









