

 




wofsey rosen | experienced lawyers in stamford, ct



































  


























homeaboutabout the firmlawyersindividual clientspersonal injuryfamily lawwills, trusts & probateemployment lawreal estate & land usecorporate clientsbusiness transactionscommercial litigationemployment lawlandlord-tenant representationreal estate & land usenewscommunity involvementcontact






menu












experience matters
serving businesses, families and individuals for more than a century

we are proud of our history and our heritage, and we look forward to continuing the firm’s legacy by serving clients and the community for decades to come.


meet our lawyers











about wofsey rosen
over 100 years of high-quality work and aggressive advocacy
our firm consists of sophisticated, established, and experienced legal counsel providing our clients with tailored services to fit their needs. many clients have been affiliated with our office for decades, and many families have been our clients for generations. we believe this results from our reputation for high-quality work, our aggressive advocacy on behalf of clients, our commitment to professional excellence and public service, and our comprehensive understanding of the region’s corporate, business, and legal communities.
learn more 







                                        individual
clients                                    

                                                click here  individual
clients




                                        corporate
clients                                    

                                                click here  corporate
clients








                                        meet our
attorneys                                    




























 
























































































































 
















































there is no substitute for experience.
wofsey rosen consists of experienced and skilled practitioners in a variety of areas of law, including litigation, corporate and transactional law, employment law, real estate and land use, personal injury, family law, landlord-tenant law, and estate planning.  our attorneys frequently work in teams to give clients who are confronting complex problems the benefit of an unusually broad base of legal talent, training, and experience. we believe this results in our reputation for high-quality work, aggressive advocacy on behalf of clients, our commitment to professional excellence and public service, and our comprehensive understanding of the region’s corporate, business, and legal communities.
 




























schedule a consultation
how can we help?
our firm is dedicated to professional excellence and highly responsive client service. we continue to succeed because our attorneys remain committed to the goal of aggressively pursuing our clients’ interests in a cost effective manner. we invite you to meet with us, learn more about our capabilities, and discuss your specific needs with one of our attorneys.
 






"*" indicates required fields

first name*last name*email*

phonemessage*namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ





















                                    600 summer st, 7th floor | stamford, ct 06901                                


p:

                                                    203-327-2300

|

f:

                                                    203-967-9273

|

e

                                            info@wrkk.com




















copyright © 2025 wofsey, rosen, kweskin & kuriansky, llp. all rights reserved.



privacy policydisclaimercareers
















            ×
        






homeaboutabout the firmlawyersindividual clientspersonal injuryfamily lawwills, trusts & probateemployment lawreal estate & land usecorporate clientsbusiness transactionscommercial litigationemployment lawlandlord-tenant representationreal estate & land usenewscommunity involvementcontact



                    600 summer st 7th floor, stamford, ct 06901, usa                

schedule a consultation                        













































