








frandata: franchise market research and consulting
































































about us

about frandata
newsroom
frandata australia
careers
connect with us


our blog
products and solutions

database solutions
target marketing

franchisee playbooks
sizing the franchise market
selling to the franchise market
new concepts report
franchise contact list and insights that ups your game


franchise financing

helping elevate franchise financing


franchise growth and performance

franchise market research
international development
performance benchmarking


proven risk analysis

franchise credit score-fund
franchise credit score (fund) subscription
bank credit report
franchise registry lender subscription


fdds franchise disclosure documents


markets we serve

franchise systems
insurance
franchise investors/franchisees
private equity & investors
lending institutions
suppliers
legal
real estate and property management


buy fdds
buy playbooks
 subscribe 







 







championing extraordinary franchise insight
unparalleled market intelligence across 230 industries and 4000+ franchise brands
get started
let's talk





research and advisory that pushes boundaries
we are passionate franchise brainiacs, who take our client’s success very seriously. looking around? not sure what we can do for you? start by choosing which best describes you.






bank
we make franchise lending better for some of the largest lenders in the industry.






supplier
there is immense opportunity to be found in targeting the franchise market. we help you achieve success and do it right the first time. 






franchise system
we eat, think and breathe franchising. no other consulting firm will speak your language, understand your pain points and be as committed to getting you to your next stage of growth more than we do.  






private equity
find and analyze franchises in your acquisition sweet spot. identify ideal brands you haven't even thought of.










connecting data analytics with cutting edge franchise strategy
download free reports and watch our latest videos on franchise trends and projections
access franchise insights














what frandata thinks
access the latest franchise insights and updates
check out our blog






 

in the press





























see more 






what our clients are saying



frandata is highly regarded by sba at its highest levels as was highlighted in recent discussions among sba, ifa and frandata. with the planned action to shut down the franchise directory, sba is encouraging lenders to rely on frandata for analysis and insight. frandata has been an essential partner to goddard school in franchise financing and we are proud of our 930 fund score and corresponding bank credit report


crystal kheenan
goddard schools






to the franchise community i wanted to give a shout out to the team at frandata. darrell johnson , edith wiseman , paul wilbur & crew are wonderful people to work with. there’s not a company around that can provide you better data & insights on the franchise industry. our team has used their advisory services to better understand the issues & trends in franchising. we’ve signed 40 + franchise brands over last two years thanks in large part to them. whether you’re a franchisor or supplier you should give them a look….and if you’re one of our competitors you should most definitely not use them


matthew gourgeot
franchise sales & operations director , thryv






our partnership with frandata has been instrumental in helping capital one's spark business support franchises’ lending needs in a simple and seamless way. as access to capital continues to be top of mind for businesses across the country, we’ve been able to leverage frandata’s leadership and years of expertise to serve the unique and complicated needs of a franchise. as a result, we have been able to provide superior servicing and lending options for our franchise customers and offer tangible advice and resources to help them obtain access to capital when they need it most.


brian k. smith
head of sba lending, capital one





 

see who else has been blown away 

 








latest from our experts






iamsba, edith wiseman

check it out







are rapidly expanding franchises built to last? with edith wiseman of frandata

check it out







streamlining sba funding with frandata: how benetrends and the franchise registry empower franchisors

check it out







how has the elimination of the sba directory impacted franchise financing?

check it out







why you should be data-driven in franchising with frandata's edith wiseman

check it out







franchise economist darrell johnson reveals unintended consequences of federal policies on franchising

check it out



see more






interested in learning more?

have a problem you need solved? place your request for information here and one of our client advisors will respond to you shortly



 











 first name *
 



 last name *
 



 company/organization *
 



job title *
 



 phone number *
 



 your email *
 



 interested in... *
contact listfranchise disclosure document-fddfranchise registry membershipfund reportgetting my franchisees financinggrowing my franchise brandi'm not suremarket researchselling to the franchise marketvaluation/due diligenceother 



 how did you find us? *
conferencefranchise times directoryifa directorymagazine/online articlemarketing emailonline searchqsr magazine diretoryreferralothers 


 your message (optional)
 

✓ by supplying my contact information, i authorize frandata to contact me with custom communications about franchise solutions and updates.

✓ by clicking submit you agree to the frandata's terms and privacy notice.


δ











resources


helping elevate franchise financing


frandata australia


blog: what frandata thinks


case studies


client testimonials




about frandata


about us


newsroom


events and conferences


careers


frandata privacy policy


frandata terms and conditions




contact us

 1-800-485-9570 
 4501 n fairfax drive suite 304 arlington, va 22203
 










copyright 2025 frandata. all rights reserved.
















 




we value your privacywe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept




































