

guerrilla publicity - tactics for maximum sales, minimum dollars











 


 







































 





get jill lublin's insider tips for what the media loves and hates! delivered directly to you inbox. click for jill's insider tips 


 


 
 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 



















guerrilla 
                    tactics to get
                    maximum sales for
                  minimum dollars
publicity 
                    is one of the most overlooked marketing tools. with a little 
                    information and training, it can be one of the most powerful 
                    marketing tools for any company, large or small.
guerrilla 
                    publicity builds on the potential and wisdom of the best-selling 
                    guerrilla marketing series with simple to use and easy to 
                    understand tips, tactics and resources to increase the effectiveness 
                    and profit potential of your business.
the 
                    guerrilla publicity website is an extension of the print edition 
                    of guerrilla publicity. in this site you'll find additional 
                    information and resources to help your business stand out, 
                    excel, and be noticed.
the 
                    concept of guerrilla marketing is maximum return for minimum 
                    investment. guerrilla business operators leverage knowledge 
                    and skills to cost effectively build their businesses.
when 
                    guerrilla marketing was first published in 1983, its edgy 
                    approach helped it shoot to the top of bestseller lists. the 
                    book was a breakthrough for small businesses and has since 
                    yielded several classics bearing the immediately recognizable, 
                    guerrilla name. now, jay conrad levinson has teamed up with 
                    two high-profile pr execs - rick frishman and jill lublin 
                    - to produce guerrilla publicity: hundreds of sure-fire tactics 
                    to get maximum sales for minimum dollars.



"guerrilla 
                        publicity is a great tool for anyone looking to understand 
                        and tap into -- the power of publicity."
                        --jim mccann ceo 1-800-flowers.com
"in 
                        my 25 years of promoting my books and programs, i attribute 
                        some of my biggest successes to great publicity. this 
                        book captures the wealth of information needed to make 
                        any book, product, or program a bestseller through publicity!"
                        --robert g. allen, author of new york times bestsellers 
                        multiple streams of income and multiple streams 
                        of internet income and co-author of one minute 
                        millionaire
"this 
                        book has the publicity and marketing tools every business 
                        person needs to know today."
                        --dr. john gray, author of men are from mars, women 
                        are from venus
"this 
                        book is a clear, simple road map that shows you how to 
                        get publicity and do it on a budget."
                        -- guy kawasaki, ceo, garage technology ventures



 








 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






copyright© 2002-2014 
                  guerrilla publicity 
                  po box 5428 
                  novato, ca 94948 
                  415.883.5455 
info@guerillapulicity.com

                  web design by planetlink




 















home | about the authors | guerrilla 
                    articles 
tell 
                    us your story | media 
                  room | resources | contact




 









