 

alchemists dot com by al razutis

















alchemists
holographic art   -    3d films - vr     -   avant-garde films    -    critical writings





visual alchemy

history - visual alchemy
public exhibitions
new videos - 2023-2022
holographic art main
holographic art - sales
mccormack holo collection
new holo collectibles
3d video art & vr
'w-c artists in light'
avant-garde film catalog
film & video archives 
3d video art 1990's
dvd films - sales
pictorial history of va
history of va holography
underground art
essays - interviews
razutis bio - lists
razutis bio - brief

holography

holographic art sales
mccormack holo collection
lloyd cross - holography
new holo collectibles
holo art & sculptures
interferometric art
hybrid  holograms
history of va holography
'w-c artists in light'
holograms - 3d photos

razutis holograms list

pictorial history of va
essays - holographic art
wavefront magazine
visual alchemy 1977 exhibit
razutis summary bio
projects - exhibitions

3d & vr

3d video art main
new releases - 2023-2021
3d video art 1990's
4d holographics pics
writings on 3d video
vr - avatar mall - links
speech-interactive 3d
3d virtual reality  intro.
uroboros in vrml
adventures of alice
writings on vr
vr design philosophy
razutis 3d video-vr lists
razutis  bio - brief

avant-garde films

avant-garde film main
new  releases - 2023-2021
'these films - this site'
film - video catalog
dvd film sales
film & video archives 
razutis film list
writings on a-g films
public exhibitions
amerika - film descr.
visual essays - film descr.
underground art
razutis bio - brief
writings - bios

writings

avant-garde films
holographic art
3d video art
novels prose-poems
alchemy - surrealism
visual essays - media
virtual reality - a.i.
studio history of va
alice by xar
wavefront magazine
opsis - ag journal
vancouver film history
razutis bio lists - media
razutis bio -  brief
razutis technical bio









this domain and its web-sites covers over 5 decades of works    by author al razutis  in the above mentioned media arts and displays. this work has been 'cutting edge' since its inception, and is accompanied by critical and sometimes disputatious works.it is designed as a living  archive with branching structure showing the history of these works and their connections over time.   ideally viewed on a large monitor display. 

>   'what's new and in public'   <


featured medias and projects






holographic arts & displays

over five decades of internationally exhibited and collected works in holographic art and more recently 4d motion-picture holographics by al razutis. this unique and well-regarded work is for sale or exhibition.

holography -  razutis








stereoscopic 3d video art

2d & 3d releases - 2022-2019.  experimental techniques and subjects in many forms of stereoscopic 3d.    also,  visit the 3d film works from the analog 1990's by razutis - screened internationally.

3d for clients








avant-garde films by razutis

avant-garde and experimental films by razutis are listed at film-video archives.    major works are available on dvd via the film catalog.   excerpts  on youtube xalrazutis channel  and   xar 3d channel.

what's available 














 
 

i.e. - a new novel - sculptural prose poem book  by a.r. 2024








ilium express i.e. by al razutis - publisher purchase page


author's web page on book
   


2024 holographic art exhibition by al razutis  - vancouver, canada

'gravity wins, entropy rules' , march 2, 2024 to may 17th, 2024  unit pitt gallery, 2954 west 4th avenue
vancouver,  canada,
  solo holographic art by al razutis visual alchemy,    exhibition curated by felix rapp.

           


2024 essay for exhibition: 'gravity wins, entropy rules'  
        by al razutis,  2024. (pdf) 



'gravity wins, entropy rules' - exhibition catalogue all essays - links

razutis & mccormack holography posters
   ---   'in the spotlight' interview'
 

holographic masterworks for sale or lease
       

visual alchemy is the west-coast repository of original holographic works by al razutis, and the remarkable historical sharon mccormack collection & archives, which includes the  archives of multiplex company  and the san francisco school of holography records and works. 
these works are available for sale or lease, as well as feature a new category titled holographic collectibles.  visit these pages for the full story.
 




 
multiplex (motion picture) holograms for sale 
"for the discerning collector, 

museum quality, collectible treasures, glowing three-dimensional images on metal or foil, portraits that move through colors, here was a new genre of holographic portraits, invented then and for the future."  (a.r. for smca)
everything from original motion picture films by mccormack and cross and the holographic multiplex (integral) movies that were the foundation of embossed holographic works distributed world wide are contained within this collection.  this is the real story.  this is the real place.



https://www.alchemists.com/visual_alchemy/smca/masterworks-cross-2021.pdf 

       

"the following motion-picture holograms in their original displays are offered for sale, by private or institutional bids for their purchase, or secured leases.
  all bids can be sent to collection and archives administrator al razutis, at the e-mail: alrazutis@ymail.com.
"

 
download a pdf information sheet identifying these works to include their original display units: https://www.alchemists.com/visual_alchemy/smca/masterworks-cross-2021.pdf

hologram collectibles - sales
 
publication & releases: 
 "yes"    "you"    "can"   --    
a selection of writings by al razutis
available on-line.    visit a page on the book and resources - links:





published by death of workers whilst building skyscrapers, lucy wilkinson publisher / editor, 2020
to order the collectors edition:     https://www.deathofworkerswhilstbuildingskyscrapers.com/product-page/yes-you-can-al-razutis

plus, a paperback edition is now available:  get a piece of history as an original work of publisher art. 
https://www.deathofworkerswhilstbuildingskyscrapers.com/product-page/yes-you-can-al-razutis-paperback-edition
 

holographic art by al razutis for sale or lease
these works exhibited internationally are available for sale or lease directly from the artist.




see holographic art by al razutis - productions by al razutis with many pages of  history of this work as it developed over  decades (1972 - present).


razutis art bio    -    razutis complete hologram list



hologram sales - lease    -    writings on holography

recent 3d & experimental film releases by razutis :


reference pages with images / descriptions /  links:





films and 3d video 'channels' by al razutis on you tube   - extracts and full length shorts

     
xalrazutis channel   - avant garde           
 xar3d channel - stereo 3d & holo

   



           

razutis film - video - media archives 


this web site is the repository of archives on avant-garde films, videos, and 3d films & vr by al razutis and contains all available works for sale or in documentation.
for the last few years the personal film - video - holography - writing archives of al razutis have been undergoind 'excavation' and re-publication or further archiving when necessary.  this has resulted in a number of works recovered and archived for restoration and storage of original elements and their documentations.
all film elements and completed films are now stored at the academy film archives in hollywood, usa, as well as the national archives of canada, the two countries in which al razutis is citizen and resident. 

dvd sales of avant-
garde films / videos

early visual alchemy tech art

razutis - collected writings on the web

 collected essays, interviews, publications in various forms, unpublished novels, letters and manifestos by al razutis and on the topics of his works.  avant-garde film, holographics, 3d video art, virtual reality, critical media studies, education, exotic fictions, political art, surrealism, prose poetry and critical essays are included in this list of available works on the web and on this web  site.

history of visual alchemy in text

razutis - all media bios lists
 
razutis  bio brief
















'holograms'  -  by appointment only
holographic works by al razutis plus sharon mccormack collection of motion-picture holograms, and others.


 

the 'largest and most complete exhibition' - collection - archives of multiplex holography currently in existence in (all of) canada and the us west-coast is available for special exhibition, tours, installation. see mccormack collection & archives terms for more information.

 to visit this exhibit  by special arrangement  contact to al razutis, studio owner and director. visual alchemy is located on saturna island, bc, canada and is reached by air (from yvr south - http://www.seairseaplanes.com/) or by bc ferries (http://www.bcferries.com). 






holograms in 3d photos and videos
'west coast artists in light - volume 4' is a continuation of razutis' decades-long documentation of holographic art and display holography created on the west-coast of n. america (1980's and later).
3d stills viewable in various formats here
an in-house html 5 player to view stereoscopic 3d documentation and film frames is also available at the following page:





various 3d viewing formats supported.

	






films appearing in critical journals


visual essays: origins of film and amerika were featured in two on-line critical publications, revisita-laika carlos adriano (ed.) and the remix age - exhibition as archive by viva paci, film forum, 2016.



films in web distribution 

all films (as film) also in distribution at light cone, paris, france. 


index of media writings
razutis - all media bios lists
razutis  bio brief







january, 2024
happy 28th birthday alchemists dot com!

from its origins in hand-coded html in 1996 alchemists has evolved to include history as well as ongoing works by razutis in film, video, holography, and interactive vr for the web. now, after nearly thirty years we re-publish in html 5 and css 3 to accomodate various mobile screen sizes without sacrificing the content.

visit a legacy html page describing original design - content considerations and hand coding.












questions or comments? get in touch:




contact al razutis about details or availability of works. phone and skype contact is reserved for when we become acquainted.




													po box 106
													saturna island, bc, v0n 2y0
													canada
												

													(000) 000-0000
												

alrazutis@ymail.com






													https://www.facebook.com/al.razutis 
												









© al razutis. all rights reserved.
design: al razutis - based on html5 up













