





 foxhall community citizens association

































home
fcca 2024 holiday decorating contest
posts

recent posts
all posts


neighborhood

people and places
past events


fcca

fcca board
fcca achievements
fcca newsletter
by-laws
join fcca
join fcca listserve


history

call box restoration drive complete!
hardy school designated as landmark
historic preservation
georgetown heritage
historic district
historic photos


issues

dc public schools – dcps planning survey
georgetown campus construction
trolley trail and foundry trestle
lab school construction
pepco energy wise rewards program
zoning changes
crime prevention
georgetown university


links
contact us











2024 holiday decoratoring contest winner: most creative. 1540 44th st.
fcca 2024 halloween party.  thank you nikki farison
fun at the hardy park water park
casey trees tree planting at hardy park 2022
mayor bowser at the april 2024 fcca general meeting 
the frying pangea band entertained us at so many fcca events! frying pangea band members: dean scott (guitar/vocals), connie  vidos (vocals), reid grigsby (guitar/vocals), mo perea (drums), noel bicknell (keyboards), and guy stevens (bass). 
fcca call box restoration team wins an award.  we are still waiting for the georgetown reservior castle to be restored!
fire station 29 gave the kids a thrill at the 2024 spring fling
matt frumin, j.p. szymkowicz, and carrie boras (longtime activist in supporting the quality of life in our neighborhood)
2024 holiday decorating contest winner: most festive:  4515 potomac ave.
 

2024 holiday decoratoring contest winner: best illumination:  1707 surrey lane.
2024 holiday decorating contest winner: most kid-friendly: 4644 reservoir rd.
2024 holiday decorating contest winner: best display for a small yard; 44581/2 macarthur.




what is now the foxhall community citizens association (fcca) started in 1928 as the foxhall village citizens association (fvca). the fvca initially served a relatively small part of what is now referred to as foxhall village, which was being developed into tudor-style row houses. during the next two decades, there were additional residential developments in the areas surrounding the original village.  in the 1940s, the association changed its name to the foxhall community citizens association (fcca) to reflect the inclusion of new developments in the association’s boundaries. today, the fccas boundaries includes all neighborhoods south of whitehaven pkwy and the georgetown reservoir, including  colony hill, indian rock terrace, georgetown reservoir, and canal view.
historically, membership in the fcca has tended to fluctuate significantly, to some extent, with the importance of issues faced by our community.  we are currently trying to regrow our membership base after its decline during covid.  during it history, the fcca membership has contributed to our neighborhood’s quality of life in many ways—both large and small.  while our association is smaller than some of our sister associations, we like to think of our organization as “the small association that can!”  you can contribute to our efforts just by joining the fcca.  when the original fvca was founded, annual dues were $2 per person; based on inflation data, today that would translate into around $28.  thus the per-household membership fee of $25 is quite a deal!






current newsletter
join the fcca!
join the fcca list serve!
newsletter
download the current issue or explore past issues
upcoming events 
the next fcca general meeting: wednesday february 26th from 6:30-8pm at the hardy rec center (4500 q street nw)

dc councilmember matt frumin will be joining us to discuss challenges facing the district in the coming year, and will take comments and questions.
all are welcome to attend, whether or not you are a member of the fcca.  of course, we would like you to be a part of the fcca.  you can bring your 2025 dues payment to the meeting. (see the link “join the fcca” above.)
other updates
holiday cheer around the neighborhood
coming soon!
photos from 2024 fcca halloween party https://foxhall.org/fcca-meetings-and-events-2024-halloween/
 









copyright © 2025 foxhall community citizens association














