







			
welcome to north carolina agricultural and technical state university
 
		




























skip to main site navigation
skip to content
skip to footer






search
close





menu
close

















visit


apply


give











search



search
 














high contrast:
high contrast
onoff






academics




majors, minors & programs
                                          
colleges & departments
                                          
academic resources
                                          
a&t online
                                          
graduate programs
                                          
transfer students
                                          
honors college
                                          
continuing education
                                          
summer sessions
                                          
international affairs and programs
                                          
office of the provost
                                          
accreditation
                                          




admissions




undergraduate admissions
                                          
graduate admissions
                                          
readmission
                                          
professional programs
                                          
cost to attend
                                          
financial aid
                                          
apply now
                                          




research




undergraduate research
                                          
technology transfer
                                          
research centers & institutes
                                          
life sciences
                                          
public information
                                          
research news
                                          




campus life




explore our campus
                                          
housing
                                          
sports & fitness
                                          
arts & culture
                                          
student activities
                                          
aggie student wellness
                                          
student safety
                                          
campus enterprises
                                          
student affairs
                                          
university events calendar
                                          
1891connect events calendar
                                          




athletics




n.c. a&t athletics
                                          
campus recreation center
                                          
intramural sports and clubs
                                          




about




initiatives
                                          
accreditation
                                          
facts and points of pride
                                          
rankings & recognition
                                          
a&t history
                                          
leadership
                                          
jobs
                                          
division of human resources
                                          
strategic partnerships and economic development
                                          
university relations
                                          
aggie newsroom
                                          











visit


apply


give







high contrast mobile:
high contrast
onoff








info for


current students


faculty & staff


alumni


parents & families


community








quicklinks



                                          aggie hub



                                          aggie access online



                                          aggie help



                                          blackboard



                                          employee directory



                                          employee email



                                          student email






getting information



                                          administrative offices



                                          financial aid



                                          directions & parking



                                          bluford library



                                          employment opportunities













welcome
about
academics
what you'll do
news and events












 
 
 
 
 
chancellor’s speaker series to feature miles brown, marsai martin and marcus scribner 
read more










  
 
 
 
a&t, u. of minnesota partnership launches with 9 new research projects
read more










   
economic forecast showcases a&t, east greensboro's value and potential
 
read more 










 
 
 
 
n.c. a&t jazz ensemble competes as semi-finalist in hbcu jazz combo challenge
read more










 
 
a&t degree programs rank among nation's best in u.s. news' 'best online programs 

read more 























what we've done is great.
what we'll do is even better.


for more than 130 years, we at north carolina a&t have believed in the power of our students to change the world. today's 13,885 aggies are some of the most high-achieving students ever to attend a&t. they excel in the classroom and in academic competition, whether coding like wizards in a national hackathon, writing a flawless business case contest entry or creating a self-driving car.
as a land grant, doctoral research university with a national reputation in stem education, we are proud of the impact that our 70,000-plus alumni have across america. from silicon valley to the halls of congress to farms across north carolina, aggies innovate, discover, serve and lead. because that's what aggies do.
















america's most affordable doctoral university
money magazine, 2024




top 25
america's most innovative universities
u.s. news & world report, 2024




no. 1
largest hbcu for the past decade
u.s. dept. of education










explore our campus now















move forward
with purpose


at north carolina agricultural and technical state university, we deliver a high-quality, intellectually stimulating education focused on helping every student gain access to the hands-on opportunities, core knowledge and global perspective that will help them make lasting change in their lives and the lives of people in their workplaces, communities and world.
we inspire people to stretch their potential, achieve beyond expectations and lead the way to success. every day and in every way.
this isn’t just school spirit. it’s genuinely how we do things at n.c. a&t.


select degree program







accounting
adult education
agricultural and environmental systems
agricultural education
animal science
applied engineering technology
applied mathematics
applied science and technology
atmospheric sciences and meteorology
automotive engineering technology
bioengineering
biological engineering
biology
built environment
business information technology
business teacher education
chemical engineering
chemistry
child development early education and family studies
civil, architectural and environmental engineering
computational data science and engineering
computer engineering
computer science
construction management
criminal justice
economics
electrical engineering
electronics technology
elementary education and special education
english
english and african american literature
environmental health and safety
family and consumer science
finance
food and nutritional sciences
geomatics
history
industrial and systems engineering
information technology
journalism and mass communication
kinesiology
laboratory animal science
landscape architecture
leadership studies and adult education
liberal studies
management
marketing and supply chain management
mathematics
mechanical engineering
mental health counseling
music
nanoengineering
nursing
occupational safety and health
physics
political science
professional theater
psychology
reading education
rehabilitation counseling
school administration
school counseling
secondary education (biology education)
speech
social work
sociology
supply chain management
teaching
technology education
technology management
visual arts, design






view all programs







swipe below to discover our schools and colleges







be a catalyst
for change.





college of agriculture and environmental sciences
sustaining lives, enriching communities
with a rich history of innovation, cutting-edge technology and outstanding educational programs, we engage in practical research that enriches the lives, land and economies of our state and nation and helps to meet the food challenges of a hungry planet.
visit our site to learn why we are one of america's leading agricultural and environmental sciences colleges - and what that means for you.
view all programs


see other colleges






be a catalyst
for change.





college of arts, humanities and social sciences
building a foundation for life
we create and disseminate knowledge of the human experience, expression and creativity. we advance human welfare and hone problem-solving, critical thinking and communication skills students need to make a difference in the world around them.
a world of discovery for your lifetime ahead awaits you at the college of arts, humanities and social sciences.
view all programs


see other colleges






be a catalyst
for c change.





college of business and economics
moving business forward
with a student-centered emphasis on leadership, ethical reasoning, critical thinking, achievement and excellence, we educate and mentor high-performing leaders who advance business for the good of people, communities and economies around the world.
visit us and learn why so many graduates who have gone on to great success chose to get their start in business here in aggieland.
view all programs


see other colleges






be a catalyst
for change.





college of education
equity, opportunity and advocacy for all
we prepare exemplary educators, counselors and leaders who transform the communities they serve by solving systemic issues that impact students, schools and organizations across north carolina and around the nation.
it all begins here in the heart of a&t. visit us to learn more.
view all programs


see other colleges






be a catalyst
for change.





college of engineering
driving innovation
leveraging a rich tradition of academic and research excellence, we cultivate and inspire our engineers and computer scientists to design and build technical innovations that solve the complex challenges of today to create better tomorrows.
view all programs


see other colleges






be a catalyst
for change.





college of health and human sciences
improving lives, enhancing communities
we deliver innovative educational programs that capitalize on the strengths of faculty in the social, behavioral and health sciences to prepare our students to solve complex population health and human concerns, improving the quality of life for individuals and communities.
view all programs


see other colleges











college of science and technology
exploring new frontiers
with leading-edge research and teaching programs, facilities and faculty, we prepare successful and innovative professionals on the forefront of an increasingly technically and scientifically driven economy and world.
view all programs


see other colleges











the graduate college
individual attention, advanced knowledge
with a focus on individual success, the graduate school combines excellence in education with leading-edge research opportunities to give students the freedom to explore, innovate and advance their knowledge for professional education and advanced degrees.
view all programs


see other colleges











joint school of nanoscience & nanoengineering
limited only by your imagination
a collaborative, cross-disciplinary research and teaching enterprise, we draw leading faculty and graduate students from around the world. we enable meaningful technology breakthroughs, foster economic development, and deliver significant impact regionally and globally.
view all programs


see other colleges








college of agriculture and environmental sciences






college of arts, humanities and social sciences






college of business and economics






college of education






college of engineering






college of health and human sciences






college of science and technology






the graduate college






joint school of nanoscience & nanoengineering






















turning promising students
into accomplished graduates


a&t graduates enter the workplace ready for impact. that's why early career earnings for our alumni are among the highest in the university of north carolina system.
a&t ranks among america's top universities in social mobility -- our success in educating grads who chart strong improvement in their standard of living. all of that helps explain why 96 percent of a&t alumni in a gallup survey said they would earn their degrees all over again, if given the chance. 














a&t taught me that when you're a leader on campus you have to speak up. the decisions you make are going to affect everyone else under you and your organization.


kyla henry
computer science
class of 2022








i looked for a great institution around the united states and i found n.c. a&t. i've learned a lot and met a lot of great professors and colleagues.


mac rubio
chemistry, ms
class of 2022








a&t taught me that "no" is not the end. it's just another reason for you to try again.


nakyla carter
journalism and mass communication
class of 2022








i spent so much time in the library. i met a lot of people from different cultures, places and mindsets. it allowed me to expand how i see the world and make good friends. 


justin anderson
mechanical engineering
class of 2022













see other testimonials










 



apply now

















what's happening
on campus

latest news






n.c. a&t university galleries to host curator’s gallery talk series: art your lunch!

                                                        		    02/18/2025
                                                                 
        
                                                                    
                                    
            in 
                
                                    
            college of arts, humanities and social sciences,                 
                                        
                                        
                            
            
            visual and performing arts 






n.c. a&t board of trustees to hold full board mtg. feb. 20-21

                                                        		    02/17/2025
                                                                 
        
            
                                






office of career services'  2025 spring career fair postponed

                                                        		    02/17/2025
                                                                 
        
                                                    
            in 
                
                                        
                                        
                            
            
            students,                 
                                        
                                        
                            
            
            community engagement 



view all news







upcoming events


feb 17, 2025
the quantum revolution: handcrafted in new haven




feb 17, 2025
staff fitness class




feb 18, 2025
splash lab




feb 18, 2025
department of sociology and social work spring 2025 speaker series




feb 18, 2025
splash lab


view all events









#aggiesdo



facebook 
twitter 
instagram 
youtube 
linkedin 















back to top











©
                2025 n.c. a&t
1601 e. market street, greensboro, nc 27411 | 336.334.7500






mission
legal / title ix
employment
privacy policy
contact us
site map


facebook 
twitter 
instagram 
youtube 















back to top




























