







 



hysterectomy alternatives and aftereffects – hers foundation
























































 













 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar skip to footerhers foundationhysterectomy educational resources and serviceshome
contact
facts
female anatomy video
adverse effects data

report your experience


medical journal articles

publications


in my own voice
hers services
symptoms & conditions
treatments
book
the play
art gallery
nationwide protest
blog
donate now
hysterectomy alternatives and aftereffects


about hers
the hers foundation is an independent, international 501c3 nonprofit organization. hers is dedicated to making sure that every woman, regardless of her financial status, has the information she needs to make a fully informed decision about what she will, and will not, allow to be done to her female organs.



hers services
report your experiencefree information – email hers@hersfoundation.orgtelephone counseling by appointment‎physician referral for evaluation and treatment‎review of medical recordsmedical journal articlescds, dvds and videoswoman to woman networkinglawyer referral litigation supportnews
hers provides
detailed information about symptoms and conditions:
adenomyosisadhesionsbladder problemsbowel problemscervical dysplasia and cervical cancerconstipation (see bowel problems)endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancerendometriosisfibroidsheavy bleedinghuman papilloma virus (hpv)joint and muscle painmenopauseovarian cysts and ovarian cancerpelvic inflammatory disease (pid)polypsprolapse of uterus, bladder, rectumsex: loss of sexual feeling after hysterectomyvaginal shorteningvaginal vault prolapse
diagnostic studies and treatment
bladder resuspensiond & c cone biopsy, conizationendometrial ablation    –    report complications of endometrial ablationendometrial biopsy (see endometrial hyperplasia)hormones (estrogen, progesterone, dhea)hysterectomy: vaginal, abdominal, laparoscopic, robotic (see female anatomy video)hysteroscopylaparoscopyleepmyomectomypessaryrectocele repairuterine artery embolization    –    report complications of uterine artery embolizationuterine prolapse & resuspension
primary sidebarsearch this website
translate

questions?
if you have questions or if you would like to discuss these issues please contact hers at
610-667-7757 m-f 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. est.


hers hysterectomy conference trailer

trailer of hers 28th hysterectomy conference. the keynote speaker was new york congresswoman carolyn b. maloney.




the h word
nora w. coffey and rick schweikert
$14.95

 
also available in kindle edition.


donate to hers
please support hers counseling and educational services that provide essential information about the alternatives to hysterectomy and the life long aftereffects of removal of the female organs.
women throughout the world rely on this information. please pay it forward so hers can continue providing this information.
donate now
paypal / check / credit cards accepted


amazon donates 0.5% of eligible purchases to hers if you choose hers when ordering from amazon.
share this page

footer©  hers foundation
 
hers foundation
phone: 610-667-7757
email: hers@hersfoundation.org

hers facebook page
hers facebook group












