


























doctors without borders / médecins sans frontières (msf ...














































































fr







 
 







skip to content


		main navigation	










who we are

about msfour teams go where people’s needs are greatest.
msf in canadaour offices are a vital link between our humanitarian activities around the world and canadians who help make this possible.
the international movementwe are a movement engaging msf staff and supporters all around the world.
impact and accountabilityhow we spend the money you donate for medical humanitarian care.
why weaponizing neutrality against humanitarian organizations must not silence us


our work

your questions about our work in gaza, answered
what we doour work includes emergency medical responses across different settings.
advocacy calling for action to address global health inequities.
issues in focusour response and work on various themes, settings and issues.


news & stories

sudan: 500 days of war
all newslatest updates from the msf movement about our work.
dispatchesmsf canada’s official magazine stories and updates curated for our supporters. new spring issue out now. 


ways to give

shop the msf warehouse.
leave a gift in your willsupport people’s humanitarian needs in the future with a gift in your will.
foundation givingbecome a foundation partner and support msf’s work.
corporate partnershipsways companies and corporate organizations can support msf’s work.
all ways to givelearn about the many ways you can provide financial support, beyond a standard donation.
donor support & faqs find the answers to most frequently asked donor and supporter queries.


take action

get involved make a valuable contribution beyond donating money.
join friends of msfjoin friends of msf
volunteer in canada support msf by volunteering in one of our offices in toronto or montreal.


work with us

we're hiring: technical logisticians
working with msf a work culture driven by a common purpose.
work overseas job opportunities in medical and non-medical roles in our international projects.
work in canada job opportunities at canadian offices.


donate now

















an msf team is doing an assessment round in jenin camp with the camp committee members and volunteer paramedics to evaluate the damages and needs following the brutal israeli military incursion from may 21 to 23. palestine, 2024. © oday alshobaki/msf 
© oday alshobaki/msf 



west bank, palestine:
“inflicting harm and denying care”
read the report
 






displaced people reach the town of tawila. they mainly come from el fasher and surrounding camps for people who are displaced, such as zamzam and abu shok. they report extreme violence, repeated shelling, skyrocketing commodity prices and food shortages as the main reasons to move. sudan, 2024. © msf 
© msf



sudan: mass influxes of
patients to hospitals,
“war on people” continues
read more
 






the destroyed al shifa hospital in gaza city. palestine, 2025. © nour alsaqqa/msf 




gaza: in the north,
health system
reduced to ashes
read more
 
 











what msf does 
doctors without borders/médecins sans frontières (msf) provides emergency medical humanitarian care to people affected by conflict, epidemics, disasters, or exclusion from healthcare. we provide assistance based on need, regardless of ethnicity, gender, religion or political affiliation. we also speak out about the suffering we witness while carrying out our work.

doctors without borders/médecins sans frontières (msf) canada has earned a top 5-star rating from charity intelligence.




2023 activity highlights


2023 activity highlights







16,459,000


outpatient consultations











3,724,500


malaria cases treated











3,295,700


vaccinations against measles in response to an outbreak







source: msf canada 2023 impact report


recent news and stories
latest updates from the msf movement about our work.








            see all news        



newsletter sign up
join the conversation with more than seven million msf supporters and get carefully curated news updates, personal stories from patients and staff and critical humanitarian appeals.




* required field


 
 

  






name:  

first name*      


last name*   







email:  

email *      




 


 
  i give my consent to msf canada to collect, store and process my personal information for its intended use and according to the terms of its  privacy notice.










      
spam control text:   please leave this field empty




 msf’s social worker, sandra, welcomes a patient at notre-dame de caramel reference health center in goma, north kivu. many people living with hiv in goma face socio-economic difficulties that prevent them from properly following their treatment despite the free medical care provided by msf. stigmatisation, social exclusion and poverty are all realities that can push some patients to stop taking their treatment. these challenges can also be acute for survivors of sexual violence, street children and sex workers, who are often particularly vulnerable and marginalised in drc.

ways to give
learn about the many ways you can support msf and see what works best for you: making a symbolic gift from the msf warehouse, holding a fundraiser, donating aeroplan points, transferring stocks or securities, making a gift in honour of a loved one and more.


learn more




 the msf integrated community case management team in abyei. from left to right: front – christopher, awa, regina. back – chol, hamada, kat, charles, marteen. south sudan, 2023 © sean sutton/panos pictures

work for us
msf welcomes applications from talented and motivated professionals who share our values and commitment to bring critical medical care to people around the world. we are committed to equity, diversity and inclusion in all our workplaces and hiring practices. join the msf movement by working with us!


see roles















follow us:

facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter
youtube

press room
contact
privacy
terms and conditions
cookies
accessibility
image use and consent
 


doctorswithoutborders.cadoctors without borders / médecins sans frontières (msf) canada 551 adelaide street west toronto, ontario, canada m5v 0n8 charitable registration: # 13527 5857 rr0001








x



© msf




turn love into action





do something truly impactful this valentine’s day. help provide emergency medical care to people in crisis by giving to msf.






give today






 









 fill out the form to download posters and fundraising toolkits that will help you with your fundraising initiative for msf.




* required field


 
 

  






name:  

first name*        


last name*     







email:  

email*       




 

i accept that i have read the privacy policy and would like to receive emails from doctors without borders/médecins sans frontières (msf). msf will not sell or share your data with anyone. also, you won’t receive spam from us, ever. you can unsubscribe at any time.










spam control text:
 please leave this field empty

















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset












