
























home | atlantic-oase



 

























our brands


biorb


indoor aquatics


fountain technology




gallery
rewards
customer login

quick links

2025 catalog
professional nozzle catalog 
instruction manuals
cad drawings
faq's
pump test video
pump test results
 
contractor program
contractor rewards
find a contractor
find a supplier
 
list pricing
map policy 
 












menu












water features


lake therapy














resources


catalogs & training materials


videos


awg university


blog


find a contractor


cad drawings


product registration




how to buy


find a local supplier


become a supplier


shop now



























about us


contact
















all-in-one fountain kits




add water to new or existing hardscapes with our formal spillway products




find out how you can get clear water, guaranteed.




everything you need from water gardens to koi ponds!




pumps for every project 




3rd generation filtoclear - redesigned with you in mind




subsurface aeration - keep ponds healthy starting from the bottom up







clear water guarantee
learn how we can guarantee you crystal clear water or your money back!click here for 4 easy steps to beautiful water 


register now for our 2024-2025 contractor trainings!
our contractor trainings are back for this fall and winter. sign up now to secure your spot! 


contractor rewards
get rewarded and put cash into your pocket!  learn more and register here!
  





looking for a contractor to install a water feature?
let us help connect you to our network of water feature installers across north america!tell us a little more about your project and we will connect you with a professional in your area!
 
 


need an energy efficient pond heater?
atlantic's pond de-icer is cost effective while maintaining a hole in the ice of your pond.click here to learn how it works 

   

 
lake therapy by oase professional
breakthrough solutions for balanced, healthy and functional water bodies, now available in the usa!click here to learn more!
  



 

 


 
on the blog

need advice about water features? maybe you would like to add patio lighting, wall spouts or a spillway to your outdoor living area? whether your interests run towards pond kits to create a natural looking pond in the back yard, or you need pond and lake management information or a pond cleaner for your existing water feature, we’ve been there, and we’re here to help.
 
check out our blog for first-hand information by folks who’ve seen and done it all. 
 
 
 
 
 


 

 
about atlantic-oase

atlantic-oase, member of the oase group, is the proud manufacturer of the most innovative water feature products in north america, with over thirty years in the field.
 
we’ve come a long way since the jersey shore in the late 1980's. we began with easy-to-install pre-formed ponds, filters and skimmers for water gardens, perfect for the beginning hobbyist, right at the start of a huge surge in interest in water features and ponds. as the years have passed, we’ve seen the market grow and evolve, from water garden supplies and garden pond kits that created natural looking ponds in the back yard, to the hardscape lights, water walls, wall spouts, stainless steel weir and spillway systems that add the movement and color of led color changing lights and fountains to the outdoor living area. we have always offered the finest water garden pumps, along with pump protectors, auto fill valves and variable speed controls. our catalog has expanded to include stainless steel nozzles and fountain accessories, warm white and color changing water feature lighting, pond-free pump vaults and spillways, pond and lake management products, lake aeration systems and rainwater harvesting products.
 
read more about atlantic-oase here...

 















                                atlantic-oase  |  125 lena drive  |  aurora, ohio 44202


								phone: 330-274-8317
								fax: 330-274-8790
								
								website development by: stream 9
								© 2005-2025, atlantic-oase,  all rights reserved 

















