





huron scuba, snorkel & adventure travel inc. padi 5 star idc in ann arbor, mi – helping people dive into new adventures since 1996.





















































skip to content



 

classes

entry level

discover scuba diving
padi open water scuba diver
snorkeling / skin diving
kids’ programs
adaptive (handicap) scuba


continuing education

enriched air nitrox
advanced open water
padi rescue diver
adaptive (handicap) scuba
specialty certifications
reactivate (skills refresher)
master scuba diver
self-reliant diver


dive leadership

padi divemaster
padi assistant instructor
padi instructor
arc instructor
instructor development


dive safety

public safety diver
padi emergency oxygen provider
padi hazardous marine life injuries
padi aed for divers
padi efr primary and secondary
arc first aid/cpr/aed


private classes


trips & travel

local diving
great lakes shipwreck diving
group trips
dive trip checklist


equipment

scuba cylinder specifications
service & fills
rental gear and rates
basic snorkeling equipment for scuba diving training
acceptable scuba equipment for training


contact us
 









dive into your next adventurelearn how to become a padi scuba diverrefresh your skills 














 







refresh your skills!
are you a certified diver who hasn’t been in the water in a while? schedule a padi reactivate course to get ready for your next adventure!
reactivate me!


course schedules set
our upcoming class schedule is set. take a look and see what interests you. if you want something that isn’t listed let us know and we’ll do our best to get it set up!
check our schedules



dive travel with us!
being a part of the huron scuba dive team means you always have a buddy. from local dives to tropical dive getaways, come join us on our next adventure!
learn more



destination certification
local water temperature not for you? no problem! let huron scuba get you ready to finish your padi certification somewhere warm in as little as one weekend!
learn more







welcome to huron scuba!
welcome to huron scuba, snorkel and adventure travel inc., ann arbor, michigan’s premiere padi 5-star instructor development center!  our google, facebook and yelp reviews speak for themselves. chosen one of the usa’s best dive centers four years in a row, we help all of our students become safe, confident divers.
huron scuba prides itself on offering valuable training at a great value. we offer convenient course options, where student divers will combine e-learning with in-person knowledge reviews before practicing skills in the water under the careful supervision and tutelage of one of our outstanding dive instructors.  we also offer private classes for those with demanding schedules. we keep our classes small to provide personalized instruction and to keep it fun!!  a full range of padi courses are available, including specialty training, instructor courses, and more!  sign up for basic open water scuba diver to get started.
keep your fins wet!  once certified, you’ll be a member of the huron scuba dive team.  our weekly local fun dives, weekend quarry outings, monthly great lakes dive trips, and group dive travel to exotic locations will keep you diving, and will provide plenty of opportunities for meeting new dive buddies and for learning more about the world of diving!
gear up & go! our knowledgeable staff at our full-service retail store in ann arbor can help you select the scuba and snorkel gear that’s right for you.  we only sell top quality brands, such as scubapro, aqualung, shearwater, suunto, apeks, dui drysuits, dive rite, halcyon, henderson wetsuits, and much more. we specialize in hard-to-find items like kids wetsuits.  and if we don’t carry it, we can get it for you!
location, location, location! our ann arbor store is located just 10 minutes west of downtown ann arbor, michigan and briarwood mall – convenient to the i-94 and m-14 freeways on jackson road between wagner & zeeb roads. (here’s a map to the store). we’re convenient for residents of ann arbor, ypsilanti, dexter, chelsea, saline, manchester, brighton, howell, south lyon, whitmore lake, and the extended washtenaw, livingston, and oakland counties.
remember, dive safely and dive often!









do you want to become a padi scuba instructor?

 let’s dive in! 






travel with us!
whether it’s the tropics of the caribbean, the shipwrecks of the great lakes, or the local ponds and quarries, we’re always planning a trip somewhere.
learn more








take a tour of the store!

 get started 


 









4816 jackson road,
 ste d
jackson square plazaann arbor mi 48103 





web@huronscuba.com 





tel: 734-994-3483
updated hours of operation due to corona virusmon: gone divingtues-fri: 12pm-6pmsat: 11am-4pmsun: gone diving 




 

© 2025 huron scuba, snorkel & adventure travel, inc.





























