












america’s premier summer camp for lgbtq+ a - 'camp’ camp









































































america’s premier summer camp for lgbtq+ a 

 
america’s premier summer camp
for lgbtq+ adults starts in just…



 sign up for news and discounts!



 days179hours00minutes42seconds22


home
about

about ‘camp’ camp
who we are
faqs
blog


dates & rates

2025 dates & rates
10 reasons to come


camp tour

activities
a day at camp
photo gallery
video & press
camp map


register!

how to register
registration form
payments


join our staff

staff program details
staff application


contact us








connect! be part of a fun queer community
and be welcomed by gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender friends you didn’t even know you had!                        










laugh! unplug your hectic life
and breathe in the fresh air at a simpler place where it’s easy to rediscover your sense of sheer fun and joy.                        










relax! enjoy lazy afternoons in the fresh maine air
or spend your days canoeing, making pottery or playing volleyball…  it’s all up to you.                        










smile! a true lgbtq+ summer camp experience
where — no matter your age, gender identity, or where you’re from — smiles, play, and camaraderie are all the order of the day.                        










escape! join us in gorgeous maine
for an incredibly unique, all-inclusive queer vacation: a week-long summer camp for lgbtq+ adults!                      










play
be a kid again!fill your days with fun and challenging outdoor and athletic activities for every interest and skill level — and play with abandon again. … more >
meet
a welcoming communityunplug and relax within a friendly, supportive community of lgbtq+ singles and couples — and make new, lifelong friends! … more >
express
unleash your inner gagaleave your real-world notions of dress and decorum behind — and re-discover yourself in the process. whether it’s our tea dance, … more >
create
spark your imaginationlet nature inspire you while you enjoy a variety of traditional summer camp arts & crafts — and unearth your hidden creativity. … more >
explore
an all-inclusive week of great fun and new friends.


connect
get to know our friendly, inclusive queer community – and then join us for the best time ever!



blueskyemailfacebookinstagramyoutube
  


follow









 follow on instagram






this error message is only visible to wordpress admins
error: there is no connected account for the user 17841400211447924. 



build
our mission: to provide a welcoming and safe space in a beautiful, natural setting where lgbtq+ adults may enjoy creative, social, outdoor, group and/or individual activities of their own choosing, and which fosters a sense of community.


buzz



i can’t imagine not returning. i love the people and the freedom to be fully myself.
erich n. (he/they), armington, il



it’s one of the few places i feel most seen for who i am and valued for it in a way i don’t feel valued for it in the world all the time. it lifts me up for the rest of the year. 
jon m. (he/him), brooklyn, ny



for the first time in my 44 years, i found a place, a people, where i belong. … i march to a different drum. but at ‘camp’ camp, everyone does. we are all beautiful, loving misfits, and i was seen, truly seen, for the first time ever. you can go your whole life without ever finding that.
aletha g. (she/her), colonial beach, va



i loved having an immediate and deep connection to all campers, and the sense of family that was ever-present. i’ve never felt so self-confident in my entire life, because the openness of the campers was so absolute. 
kevin j. (he/him), louisville, ky



…i gained a community of loving, caring, generous people to share the rest of the journey with.  the comradery, the laughs, the tears… i could never have predicted or expected to be loved and accepted without condition. 
angela f. (she/her), phoenix, az



i didn’t think i’d get such a substantial emotional return on this investment but this space has really helped me learn to love myself more.
olivia r. (she/her), lancaster, pa



‘camp’ camp has woken up the joys of living, of experiencing life, of socializing with people, all sorts of innocence lost with age and work…
kat l. (they/them), rancho santa margarita, ca



the people and the community are always what bring me back.
amy p. (she/her), claremont, nh



i’m close to my biological family but campers are my chosen family, however odd and quirky. every year i look forward to my annual family reunion. but what is becoming more important for me is how camp gives space to all those loving, odd, quirky folks who find their way to camp and are finally able to be in such a loving, fun-loving, accepting space. 
ann g. (she/her), topsham, me



the summer camp experience itself was everything i hoped it would be, and the people were beyond my wildest expectations. i have never felt so free.
b b. (they/them), gallatin gateway, mt



  
 
 


discover



 why do 75% of the people who come to camp return for another year or more? there are a million little reasons ‘camp’ camp has earned its tagline “best time ever!” but this brochure gives you 7 big ones!
view & download brochure


frolic
color wars • volleyball • hiking trips • tennis • lawn sports and more... 

groove
 barn dance • dance classes • tea dance • aerobics • broadway dance and more...

chill
 swimming & sunning • canoeing & kayaking • nature ambles • yoga • meditation and more...

stretch
 
talent/no talent show • ropes course • morning swim • lip-sync throwdown! and more...

 

home  |  dates & rates |  register! |  join our staff |  faqs  |  who we are  |  contact  |  a day at camp  |  camp map  |  photo gallery
sports & recreation  |  arts & crafts  |  evening social events  |  10 reasons to come  |  for campers only  |  paymentsprivacy policy  | terms & conditions  | mobile messaging terms & conditions
© 2024 'camp' camp    all rights reserved.    website design by a.d. design













 


