












behavioural neurotherapy clinic | treatment for adhd, autism






























































  



      skip to main content
    













 


adhd - attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder




 


adhd - attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder




 


committed to addressing the causes of adhd, autism & mood disorders.












previous



next




home


adhd


autism


learning difficulties


anxiety & mood


counselling


neurotherapy


nutrition


pandas/pans


concussion


ibs




























contents



show — contents
hide — contents


clinic home


adhd


adhd treatment


disruptive behaviour disorders


adhd medication


qeeg


symptoms & assessment




autism


early symptoms of autism


autism meaning


autism tests & diagnosis


asd and parental grief


causes of autism


biomedical treatment effective for asd


intestinal dysbiosis


early intensive behaviour intervention


aba (prt method) for autism


prt research publications


courses to improve asd behaviours


links to prt sites


books  about prt




learning difficulties


anxiety & mood


depression in adults


anxiety disorder and panic attacks


sleep difficulties


childhood depression




counselling


nutrition


acid base balance calculator




pandas/pans syndrome


concussion


post-concussion syndrome


assessment of pcs




irritable bowel syndrome


ibs - possible biomedical causes


ibs - symptoms and diagnosis


post-infective ibs


intestinal dysbiosis in ibs


rome iv criteria


treatment for ibs


acid base balance calculator




alzheimer's dementia


educational videos


training courses


staff members


contact us








login by username/email address



password







reset your password













treating adhd, autism & mood disorders with neurotherapy


















what is neurofeedback or neurotherapy


the surprisingly dramatic role of nutrition in mental health













clinic operation on account of coronavirus 

in an attempt to reduce contamination, we are taking the following steps:
only people who have no cold or flu symptoms will be allowed into the clinic. as far as possible, psychological and nutritional consultations at the clinic will be by zoom, skype or telephone. when a face to face consultation… more
national disability insurance scheme (ndis) 

the national disability insurance scheme (ndis) is a government initiative which will provide children with asd and their families, and their families with financial support that they badly need. in order to get maximum funding, a submission to ndis must provide evidence that clearly demonstrates… more
our mission and clinical services 

we are a multidisciplinary clinic committed to finding and treating the underlying causes of childhood neurodevelopmental disorders as well as adolescent and adult mental health disorders. hence our team of licenced health professionals provides medical, psychological, educational, neuroscience and… more
autism tests & diagnosis 

an important aspect of autism diagnosis is differentiating the presenting behaviours from other issues whose symptoms overlap with those of autism spectrum disorder. the clinician needs to carefully examine all possibilities, in case the underlying issues causing the behaviours are not fully… more
adhd treatments & therapies 

since the 1970s, applied neuroscience research and clinical practice have shown that through neurotherapy, we can push the brain's plasticity and promote normalisation of the brain patterns that underlie adhd behaviours. neurotherapy has been shown to be as effective as stimulant medication for… more
pans/pandas syndrome 

has your child been acting differently since their last sore throat? your child may have pans or pandas syndrome.
pivotal response treatment (aba) for autism 

pivotal response therapy (prt) is a behavioural intervention therapy for autism. prt research has shown that the development of skills and behavioural improvements are best promoted when two 'pivotal' areas are trained: "motivation and the ability to respond to multiple cues". studies have shown … more
 panic attacks and anxiety disorders 

anxiety disorder and panic attacks share common biological and psychological causes. there are many forms of anxiety, some are related to stressful events while others seem to occur for no apparent reason. at the clinic we strive to identify the underlying biological drivers and treat these along… more
our intensive early intervention services 

intensive early intervention services for children with autism spectrum disorder are required because children with asd cannot generally learn in the same way that typically developing children do. instead research indicates that they need to be prompted intensively early in their development for… more
causes & symptoms of post-concussion syndrome 

post-concussion syndrome describes the attention deficits, learning difficulties, impulsivity, mood and anger problems, sometimes headaches and fatigue that may persist for years, after a minor closed head injury. more often than not sufferers are treated for the symptoms with little if any… more
biomedical abnormalities in autism spectrum disorder 

scientific studies listed here indicate that children with asd suffer from a range of dysfunctions including: genetic, neurological, gastrointestinal, neurotransmitter, hormonal, immune function, detoxing and oxidative stress systems. we discuss what can be done to redress some of these to restore… more
counselling psychologist 

counselling aims to assist individuals in dealing with a range of difficult issues, from day-to-day concerns, to more serious, long-term psychological problems. counselling can help you gain a greater understanding of your feelings and assist you to make positive changes in your life. it can also… more
neurotherapy for treating autism 

one of the most common set of behaviours of children with autism is their lack of focus, concentation and compliance and the resulting learning difficulties. recent research reviewed here indicates that chldren with asd benefit from qeeg-guided neurotherapy to help normalise these aspects of their… more
depression: types, causes & symptoms 

while we all feel sad, moody or low from time to time, some people experience these feelings intensely, for long periods of time (weeks, months or even years) and sometimes without any apparent reason. depression is more than just a low mood, it's a serious illness that has an impact on both… more
neurotherapy for learning difficulties 

neuroscience research indicates that adhd is associated with underlying brain dysfunctions, mostly involving the frontal lobes. when these dysfunctions are rectified, children with adhd can process information normally, enabling them to focus, concentrate and sustain mental effort and improve… more
alzheimer's disease and dementia 

alzheimer's dementia is characterised by a loss of cognitive function which can include disrupted thinking, memory, reasoning, communication, personality and cognitive speed. research scientists at new york university medical centre allow us using qeeg to determine whether symptoms are due to… more
contact us: behavioural neurotherapy clinic 

the behavioural neurotherapy clinic is located in doncaster. it was established in 2000 by dr jacques duff, a psychologist, nutritionist and clinical neuroscientist who is passionate about finding and addressing the root causes of mental health disorders and other diseases. dr duff has assembled a… more























international and national
international consultations
with are welcomed via skype or telephone.
please call the clinic on
+613 9848 9100
for an appointment.
please note that international appointments need to be pre-pay at time of booking.












course for parents & therapists
intensive course based on pivotal response treatment to train parents and caregivers. since parents spend around 14 hours a day with their child. learn how every moment can be used to promote compliance and better behaviours. 
courses are run at the clinic, in small groups of about 4-6 people. pre-booking is essential. ndis and dss will pay for eligible parents and caregivers to do the course. cost $450












contact info
behavioural neurotherapy clinic
2/314 manningham rd, doncaster 3108
doncaster.  australia
tel: (03)9848 9100 
email: reception@adhd.com.au
follow us on
  














copyright © 2024. behavioural neurotherapy clinic all rights reserved.














