



rising generation music – worship songs and resources from mike burn and friends
















































 








skip to content 




search for:



 






rising generation music

worship songs and resources from mike burn and friends
 




menu 
welcome
news
albums

i:praise
i:pray
get into the word
fw4 – rising generation
fw3 – fire & rain
fw2 – with one voice
fw1 – let praise break out
teach us to pray


songs
about

writers

judy bailey
mike burn
chris juby
david lyle morris
tim moyler
graeme young




shop
contact
newsletter
 








welcome 

welcome to rising generation music (rgm), featuring great worship songs for all ages. previously known as family worship resources, rgm features songs from mike burn and a number of other writers, rgm provides free resources that can be used in corporate worship, schools, and in any way that is helpful.sing lullaby – sail awaycheck out the sing lullaby micro-site for our latest recording, which you can order securely online. featuring great songs for children of all ages, and anyone who needs some help getting to sleep!it’s all free…you may download any of our songs, backing tracks, sheet music and videos, make copies, and use them freely. if your church or school is a member of the ccli scheme, then please record your use of the songs as that helps generate a small amount of royalty income. rgm is not for profit, and any proceeds from royalties or sales go towards providing further resources, and we also support a school in zimbabwe through hope for harare.you can also buy cds and other resources from our secure online shop.we will be developing the site and resources further over the coming months, especially adding more lyric videos. if there is anything you need, or would like to ask, please don’t hesitate to contact us anytime. you can also visit our facebook page, and if you like us there, you will get updates from rgm in your newsfeed. we also have a growing rgm channel on youtube – subscribe there to be notified when new videos are added. finally, please do also sign up for our newsletter – it has been many years since we sent one, and will include at least one terrible joke…thanks for visiting rgm, and welcome again.mike burn 







latest news


special offer in the shop


christmas resources


spotify and all that




peace child - a beautiful song for christmas, ideal for choirs and children

stepping down - an ideal song for advent 




subscribe to our mailing list
email address 














rgm on facebook







jesus, thank you for the cross

youtu.be
moving video footage, set to this simple song of thanksgiving for the cross.



view on facebook

·
share



share on facebook



share on twitter



share on linked in



share by email





 







					© 2025 rising generation music. privacy policy 





 






















