



















            home | three rivers park district
        











skip to main content


























































toggle navigation











parks
& trails



things
to do



programs
& events



natural
resources



wedding &
rental spaces











toggle search














search for:
























click to view 2025 offerings



summer camp registration
opens soon!





























                
      parks & trails
  
            

      explore over 27,000 acres
  
      of parks & trails
  












                
      things to do
  
            

      browse a full list of
  
      things to do
  












                
      programs & events
  
            

      discover the programs & events
  
      you're looking for
  












                
      natural resources
  
            

      learn how to protect
  
      natural resources
  









      upcoming events
  










valentine's events




feb. 14–15 | multiple locationscelebrate valentine's day outdoors! go for a candlelit snowshoe walk, make some crafts, cozy up around a campfire and more.



register now










embrace the north festival




feb. 15 | mississippi gatewaycelebrate winter with snowshoeing, winter games, fat biking and more. afterwards, warm up with snacks around campfire!



register now










kicksledding programs




ongoing | multiple locationsexplore a new cold weather activity–kicksledding! give it a try at a variety of programs happening at different parks throughout the winter.



view upcoming programs

















      upcoming programs
  




three rivers park district offers diverse weekly programs across our parks so you can explore the outdoors, discover history, learn about nature and more. find activities at your favorite park or browse all program offerings.



view programs



















      work on the slopes this winter
  




we're hiring seasonal employees for the 2024-2025 ski season at hyland hills and elm creek's winter recreation area!apply now so you can work where you play this winter.



apply now

















      snowsports information
  




snowsports academy registration is open! check out the 2024-2025 brochures for hyland hills and elm creek and learn more about snowsports academy. 



learn more











      the wandering naturalist podcast
  











episodes 231–233: ripples in the wetlands


wander through the wetlands with angela and brandon as they uncover the impact of muskrats. learn about their connection to the survival of the wetlands, how invasive hybrid cattails and muskrats affect each other and three rivers' approach to managing them. 



view all episodes










      the three rivers blog
  












ski younger program q&a

by: 
                                                                                                                                    abby golebiowski
                                                                                                                        


january 17, 2025



hear from ski younger participants about how the program has improved their skiing skills, boosted their confidence and brought winter fun and fitness into their lives.





continue reading












my bike ride through carver park reserve

by: 
                                                                                                                                    terrie cummings
                                                                                                                        


august 01, 2024



a three rivers bike enthusiast takes us on a ride through and around her favorite park.





continue reading












five tips for living near black bears

by: 
                                                                                                                                    tom knisely
                                                                                                                        


april 23, 2024



learn how you can live peacefully with these naturally cautious creatures.





continue reading










      news
  







three rivers begins operating bloomington-owned regional parks and trails



january 31, 2025



the partnership covers all city of bloomington regional park facilities within hyland-bush-anderson lakes park reserve, including the normandale lake bandshell; and bloomington’s segments of the nine mile creek and nokomis-minnesota river regional trails.








aerators to be installed on area lakes



november 26, 2024



three rivers park district and minnehaha creek watershed district will operate aeration systems in several lakes starting after dec. 16, 2024. learn more about these systems and how to stay safe on the lakes this winter.














three rivers will hold public hearing about 2025 budget



october 29, 2024



the public is invited to share comments about three rivers park district’s proposed 2025 budget and property tax levy at a public hearing at 5:30 p.m. thursday, november 7, at the three rivers park district administrative center, 3000 xenium lane n., plymouth.








three rivers purchases two properties for future regional trail corridors



september 27, 2024



three rivers park district has purchased two properties in suburban hennepin county that will be part of future regional trail corridors.








fox 9's good day minnesota visits gale woods farm 



april 12, 2024



shayne wells of fox 9's good day minnesota paid a visit to three rivers park district to check out the adorable baby boom at gale woods farm. 

















site links



about us

display more links




accessibility


board of commissioners


community engagement


construction projects


finance


future developments


history


let's talk three rivers


mission


public safety & park rules


terms of use





teacher & leader resources

display more links




art education


digital learning


farm education


history education


home schools


nature education


outdoor recreation school


scouts


teachers





news

display more links




blog


newsletters


podcast





contact us

display more links




directory


my account


donations


employment


fee assistance


maps


passes & permits


teen zone


volunteering







find three rivers park district on social media




find us on facebook










find us on x (formerly twitter)














find us on linkedin









find us on youtube









find us on instagram






























































©2025 three rivers park district
all rights reserved






































































close






















