

	the women's foundation of colorado | for women & their families - the women's foundation of colorado








 

 


 

 

 







































enewsletter sign-upcontactresources & publicationsblogdonate





donate
menu
search


aboutwhy women?herstorypeoplestrategic frameworkstrategic plan 2017-2021national fundersconnectour eventsannual luncheonannual luncheonchat4changeadvocating4impactvolunteercommunity resourcesgender-inclusive resourcesanti-racism resourcesshare your storygivingways to givecommunities of givingpower of extended philanthropyempowerment councildads for daughtersgiving circlesbeyond our bordersbff's who care fundthe community chestsisterhood of philanthropists impacting needs (spin)women's impact investing giving circledonor-advised fundsgender-lens investinglegacy givingcorporate givingprofessional advisorsimpactresearchpublic policy advocacy2025 legislative prioritiesthe womanifestocivic engagementequal paygrantmaking & investmentswincomewomen & girls of color fundwages grantee cohortwfco relief funddottie lamm awardgender-lens investing










women thriving. colorado rising.






who we are
the only statewide, community-funded foundation protecting the progress and advancing gender, racial, and economic equity for all colorado women.



community




philanthropy




impact







upcoming events




mar 4
chat4change



mar 8
international women's day



mar 12
2025 advocacy day



apr 24
meet our president & ceo



view full calendar 








wfco names renee ferrufino as president and ceo
renee ferrufino (she/hers) has been named the foundation’s president and ceo by the board of trustees following a national search. ferrufino joined the women’s foundation of colorado – the only community-funded statewide foundation advancing gender, racial, and economic equity – in 2014 as the major gifts officer. she was promoted to vice president of development in 2016.
read the announcement









 




policy/advocacy spotlight
 
protecting our progress
the women’s foundation of colorado is the only statewide, community-funded foundation protecting progress and advancing gender, racial, and economic equity for all colorado women. we leverage community investments and every tool we have to dismantle systemic barriers, close equity gaps, and build a more just and prosperous state for all women.
watch now





our impact

 30m
wfco has granted more than $30 million to nonprofit organizations statewide since our inception.


 27
we celebrate helping to pass 27 successful bills during 2024 legislative session including the family affordability tax credit


 2.85m
our work, through our public policy and civic initiatives, impacts all 2.85 million women and girls throughout the state.

learn more  










what makes us unique
we are the only statewide, community-funded foundation protecting the progress and advancing gender, racial, and economic equity for all colorado women with a commitment to those facing the steepest barriers on the basis of their background and identity.
unlike private foundations, it is only through financial contributions of individuals, families, funders, and businesses that our work is possible. find out the different ways you can support the women’s foundation of colorado today.
see ways to give
 
 





our blog




the women's foundation of colorado blog





headlines only







rest, restore, reconnect: a self-care guide for black women in colorado
discover self-care spaces and resources for black coloradan women. a heartfelt guide to rest, restoration, and joy.the post rest, restore, reconnect: a self-care guide for black women in colorado appeared first on the women's foundation of colorado blog.
friday, february 14, 2025 6:51:21 am




what i’ve learned in my first 30 days
our precarious reality demands more than hope – it demands all of us asking ourselves how we will care for each other.the post what i’ve learned in my first 30 days appeared first on the women's foundation of colorado blog.
tuesday, february 11, 2025 11:31:05 am




what we learned from the 2024 open wincome grant cycle
150 organizations applied for wincome funding, requesting a total of more than $8 million - millions more than we are able to grant. the post what we learned from the 2024 open wincome grant cycle appeared first on the women's foundation of colorado blog.
thursday, january 23, 2025 3:53:12 pm















view more posts  




connect

find us on social media (#wfco)
join our social media network by engaging with us on facebook, instagram, linkedin, and twitter, and by watching our videos on vimeo.
        







get our e-newsletter
sign up for our email newsletter to receive updates on our work, statewide events, research, and much more.













join our mailing list


provide your information below to receive updates.



                         
                    



first name*last name*email address*








additional security







unable to load the recaptcha image.  the public key (6lfl-2oeaaaaacremcolliz2ektgqldd5idmtu0p) might be invalid for this domain.





                recaptchatm



enter the text: type what you hear: 


*





                        get a new challenge  |  
                            get an audio challenge 
                                get a visual challenge


















quick links

internal login
community resources
grants
financials
pressroom
careers
digital accessibility






contact us
1901 east asbury avenuedenver, co 80208(303) 285-2960wfco@wfco.org
 
ein: 84-1039305





 
we have advised you to seek your own legal and tax advice in connection with gift and planning matters. the women’s foundation of colorado does not provide legal or tax advice.
© 2018-2022 all rights reserved. view our privacy policy or unsubscribe.





accessibility tools

















