


fireplaces, gas logs, greenhouses and more








midwest internet sales
 
fireplaces, fireplace accessories, gas logs, green houses, 
waterfalls, address rocks, landscape rocks, rain barrels, barrel gardens, barrel
water gardens, barrel fountains and container gardening
midwest internet sales is a company with strong roots in retail and wholesale marketing.  our intent is to bring to the internet shopper only the finest, highest quality products for the home and garden, at the very lowest possible prices.   as time passes we will be adding more items and divisions to this site,  some of which 
are nearing completion as this is being typed.  remember to hit your
refresh button each time you visit us.  thank you for viewing our site, and we hope to see you again in the near future..



click here for the fireplace index page 
 






 
gas fireplaces

 
ventfree gas logs

 electric fireplaces
    outdoor fireplaces





"midwest fireplace sales" comes to you with over 60 years combined experience in  all types of fireplaces.  we handle gas fireplaces, electric fireplaces, gas logs, vent free fireplaces, ventless fireplaces, vent free gas logs,  fireplace mantels, surrounds and cabinets and also all types of fireplace accessories.

 landscape rocks & waterfalls


   



landscape rocks                    

waterfalls
artificial rocks the way mother nature would have made them if she had the
 technology.  our artificial address rocks,  landscape rocks and waterfalls are made from polyurea plastics
and fiberglass. they come in many colors and are warranted against cracking and freezing.  the molds are made off of real rocks 
and pick up every nick, crevice and every detail that may be on the real specimen. the address and landscape rocks weigh between 15 and 25 lbs. and
most are ups shippable.  the waterfalls weigh between 20 and 90 lbs and because of their physical dimensions, all have to be shipped by truck.  
 

rain barrels, planters, water gardens, fountains & more



















our rain barrels are made from recycled grecian pepper barrels. they have water 
 spigots and over flow valves so that excess water can be either channeled into a 
 flower or vegetable garden or into another barrel.  many of our items are
made 
from jack daniels whiskey barrels.  in this division you will see barrel
gardens, 
barrel water gardens, barrel fountains and much much more.

st. josephs home sales kit
 
"st. josephs home sales kit" comes from reading hundreds of testimonials from people who swear their houses would not sell until they buried a statue of st. joseph in a certain place and in a special way on their property.  does it really work?  an awful lot of people seem to think so!   
office hours:  8:00 am - 
5:00 pm
monday thru friday central daylight time
phone:  toll free  1-877-888-5609
return policy
*links to additional sources for



 
fireplaces, gas fireplaces, outdoor fireplaces, fireplace inserts, electric 
 fireplaces, gas logs, ventless fireplaces, ventless gas fireplaces, gas fireplace inserts, discount fireplaces, patio fireplaces, vent free fireplaces, direct vent fireplaces, back yard fireplaces, gas log fireplaces and vent free gas fireplaces,
green houses, greenhouse kits, rain barrels, barrel gardens, barrel
water 
gardens and st joseph home sales kits, click on the web sites below.
www.gasfireplacesandgaslogs.com 

www.electricfireplacesnow.com 




www.homeandgardensalesonline.com 
www.rainbarrelsandmore.com  
www.fireplacesoundsandscents.com  
www.stjosephshomesaleskit.com

www.waterfallsandrocks.com 



     
midwest internet sales