










red rocks community college



























      skip to main content
    









red rocks community college











search














search





x










search








 










search
                        quick links
                      


academic programs


employee directory


upcoming events


academic calendar


the rock





















menu















about






                      about us
                      










                      campus locations
                      










                      office of the president
                      












academics






                      academic affairs
                      










                      academic programs
                      










                      class modalities
                      










                      gateway
                      










                      honors program
                      










                      instructional technology (d2l)
                      










                      schedule and catalog
                      












admissions






                      apply
                      










                      campus tours
                      










                      concurrent enrollment
                      












costs & aid






                      financial aid
                      










                      cost of attendance
                      










                      scholarships
                      










                      tuition rates
                      












student services






                      accessibility services
                      










                      advising
                      










                      behavioral health services
                      










                      bookstore
                      










                      career success services
                      










                      learning commons/tutoring
                      










                      library
                      










                      student affairs
                      










                      student life
                      










                      student recreation center
                      












campus services






                      audio/visual services
                      










                      business services
                      










                      campus police
                      










                      child care innovations
                      










                      facility services
                      










                      food services
                      










                      grants
                      










                      human resources
                      










                      information technology
                      










                      school-age child care
                      










                      the children's center
                      


















navigation


main menu quick links


the rock


alumni


calendar


deib


employee directory


request info












red rocks community college



close




























 








video file













 













 











      let's get started!
    



welcome to red rocks community college! we want you to be successful in college from the very start and offer assistance at every level of the process while you transition to college.



apply now


schedule a visit







  
student affairs extended hours
student affairs has extended hours during the spring semester.
student affairs extended hours

  
student choice awards for holistic advising
congratulations to the 2024 winners!we are excited to announce the winners selected by our student panelists. case studies on each of these institutions will be released in 2025 and we look forward to sharing about their excellent work. "advising success network"
learn more here

  
have you registered for free virtual health and well-being services?
did you know that as a red rocks community college student, you get free, virtual care through the timelycare app? that’s right! you can access free virtual health and well-being support, as well as self-care content, anytime. signing up is easy.
download the timelycare app

  
first generation-serving campus designation
red rocks community college has been awarded the 2024 first generation-serving campus designation by the colorado department of higher education (cdhe), in recognition of our first-generation student enrollment.
learn more here

  
opportunity next
are you a recent high school graduate figuring out what to do next? you could qualify to receive a $1500 scholarship to take classes at rrcc during the 2024-2025 academic year!
more information

  
important update regarding firearms on red rocks community college campuses
as of july 1, 2024, state law will prohibit carrying firearms on college campuses, including all rrcc buildings and campus grounds, unless a limited exception applies.
more information



previousnext












 




      why rrcc?
    

we have qualified and accessible faculty with real-world experience, whose primary responsibility is teaching. our faculty care about our students’ success, and with an average class size of less than 20 students, you will never be lost in the crowd at rrcc!  we offer many scheduling options to fit your busy life so you can complete courses on a more flexible time frame.






 








      become a student
    



becoming a student at rrcc prepares you for transfer to a four-year university, prepares you for an exciting new career or can enhance your current skills.



take the next steps







 








      discover programs
    



rrcc has over 125 degree programs available with traditional, on-line and hybrid courses.



start your educational journey







 








      cost & aid
    



there are many options available for paying your rrcc college tuition.



explore financial aid









 




      rrcc by the numbers
    

since 1969, red rocks community college has assisted students in meeting ambitious career and educational goals in an exciting, collaborative environment with multiple pathways to success. we deliver career-enhancing courses, certificate programs and degrees that represent a solid investment in each student's goals and career success.






      125
    

degree programs available




      38,605
    

red rocks alumni




      285
    

certificate programs available




      265
    

online courses offered




      38
    

different nationalities represented among students and faculty




      $10 million
    

scholarships to more than 5400 students since 1991






 








      want to explore our programs?
    

start your educational journey at rrcc! we offer more than 100 degree programs including two bachelor and one masters level degree programs. programs are offered at our campuses in lakewood and arvada and online.

program finder




 











 




      recent news
    










 




rrcc expands mental health support to students


partnership with virtual care leader, timelycare, offers 24/7 equitable access to well-being resources
















rrcc premieres "scars: unmasked"


the theatre arts and dance department proudly presents the premiere of scars: unmasked on october 17, 18, 19 at 7pm



 











student named a 2024 coca-cola leaders of promise scholar


abigail sprik is one of 210 phi theta kappa members named a 2024 coca-cola leaders of promise scholar.



 











the colorado health foundation awards rrcc’s physician assistant program $425,000


expanding the representation of physician assistants of color in primary care



 











complete college america welcomes dr. landon pirius to board of directors


president of red rocks community college joins leadership team of nonprofit dedicated to higher education reform



 






























 











    




 


lakewood campus13300 w. 6th ave. lakewood, co80228 directions(p) 303.914.6600arvada campus10280 w 55th ave. arvada, co 80002directions(p) 303.914.6010emergency info/closurecampus police: 303.914.6394




 

column 1 quick links


accreditation


behavioral intervention team (bit)


catalog


faculty/staff outlook live


give to rrcc


workforce services





 

column 2 quick links


it help desk


jobs / careers


rrcc disclaimers, complaint procedures & legal notices


report digital access concern


website administrator













copyright © 2024 rrcctitle iv/refund information  sexual misconduct/title ix














‹
›
×







