






american family traditions home page













share your family custom,
tradition or ritual and more 


farmers' almanac





the internet public
library




american family traditions
home page


search for: 

shaping
our lens: traditions


how often has each of us seen something  happen  while with another person and much to our disappointment we each come away from the event with a
different recollection? the cumulative effect of our life experiences
creates in each of us a lens through which we observe what goes on around us.
this lens focuses our attention on particular aspects of what we see. 


family life today

 the practice of shared family traditions, as an integral part
of family life today, will ensure the preservation and progress of our american culture. 
the american family is the building block of our
nation because it is where we nurture the individuals who must act within our
society.  it is
here that through love, support, tolerance and caring; we nurture family members to first be good human beings and then to look
beyond themselves to be good citizens. 

marriage
and weddings 

marriage is a social institution that defines the relationship
between a man and a woman. it defines in legal terms the obligations of spouses
to each other and to their children. this forms the basis for also defining the
rights of the children born into the family created by the marriage
relationship. 

anniversaries 

 the marriage
relationship must be treasured above all else as the basis for creating the
environment and conditions necessary to the achievement of "family" on
a permanent basis. wedding anniversaries are engulfed in custom and
tradition. 

the
family meal 

although modern life seems to have overtaken the family meal in
many areas, there are still many american families that practice the custom of
either the daily (evening) family meal or a sunday family meal. often,
the sunday family meal is a time for gathering children and grandchildren.

the
window candle 

the tradition of placing a candle in the window goes back to the
colonial times in the united states and back much further in time for other
cultures.  it is a tradition practiced throughout the year. it symbolizes the warmth and security of the family hearth and signals
loyalty to family members who are not present in the home. at christmas time
it follows the tradition of the colonial williamsburg christmas.

children 

 although children may turn from their families during adolescence,
most return as adults with the principles and values they learned from their
family experience. failure to take the time to develop our sons and daughters will at some point become a lifetime regret. we have one chance to be with them
while they are in the formative stages. many families adopt individuals as sons,
daughters, aunts, uncles etc. one of the most satisfying contributions we make
in life is the investment of our personal time and caring in those we love. 


the american
dream: freedom 

our
american history contains the lessons that form the basis for our family values. at the center of american family life  today is the assumption
that we are all first free to do what we want! our flag and the american eagle
are the symbols of this freedom culture of ours and are therefore frequently
associated with our display of pride in america during our celebrations and
sporting events. displaying these two national symbols are just two examples of american family traditions.  
history  
if we as citizens of our great nation do not know and remember
the lessons of our american history, we will surely loose this great nation of ours.
beginning with the american revolution, all
of the hard work and sacrifice it has taken for our forefathers and ancestors to
establish and keep our country will be required to keep it into the future.  
war casualties  
many men and women have died defending this nation on the field
of battle or "on duty" under the colors of our flag. we have listed
below casualties of war through the years to illustrate the significance of the
sacrifice of many for our country. these statistics are humbling in the face of
the significance of their sacrifice.  
our
flag  
the flag of the united states of america will stand only as long
as all of us want it to stand. it is the symbol of this great nation of ours
built from the hard work and sacrifice of those who have gone before us. the
strength of our nation is the sum total of that hard work and sacrifice, and the
strength, cunning and prowess of those who our forefathers, sons and daughters
have fought and defeated in battle to defend it. 
old glory  
this tribute to the flag of the united states makes a wonderful
reading for patriotic ceremonies. it sums up in one short poem the sacrifice of
all who have gone before us to ensure the security of this great nation. when
read as part of a ceremony, play lee greenwood's "proud to be an
american" as background music. you will truly touch your audience. 
the
declaration of independence  
what a bold move on the part of our founding fathers. to feel
strong and confident enough to break away from the english and risk death and
destruction was nothing short of extraordinary. they were driven to declare
themselves free from "the british crown" by their passion for freedom
and the attainment of an ideal; a place on earth were people could be free and
equal.  
the
constitution  
the united states constitution is the framework for our
government. it lays out the principles of our democracy placing everyone
including our rulers under the law. most recently, u. s. citizens were directly
exposed to the importance of our constitution in defining "the rule of
law" during the 2000 presidential election. 
the
bill of rights  
the constitution was ratified by
all states in june 1788. during the discussions leading to the ratification
there were many heated debates about individual rights. many felt the
constitution lacked protection for the rights of the citizens. 
the
american eagle  
the eagle represents freedom. the bald eagle was chosen june 20, 1782 as the emblem of the united states of
america, because of its long life, great strength and majestic looks, and also because it was then believed to exist only on this
continent. 
ceremonies
patriotic ceremonies are a part of many public
programs sponsored by schools, churches, clubs, associations, sports clubs,
professional meetings etc. good citizens give their personal time to good causes. being in
a leadership position in an organization requires citizens to be aware of
patriotic rituals associated with public ceremonies. 
american
culture  
beyond
the walls of our home lies a great nation with a culture of its own. the
structure of our government, our laws and the way people relate to each other
have great influence on our actions and attitudes. 
holidays
and holydays  
americans find many reasons to celebrate. on a national scale
there are 10 federal holidays. not all states recognize the same holidays as the
federal government. holidays may have a religious or non-religious origin.
one thing holidays do have in common: most companies give us a paid day off to
celebrate! there are many other days with attached significance that provide us
the opportunity to enrich our lives. in
any case, americans love any excuse to celebrate! 
american
craftsmanship  
at the most basic level, craftsmanship is the demonstrated skill
or dexterity resulting from years of practical experience. the united states of
america has been known throughout history for the performance of its craftsmen.
the industrial revolution in many ways robbed our workforce of many of the
values held true by our craftsmen of old. 
american
entrepreneurial spirit  
at the most basic level, entrepreneurship is the demonstrated
ability to organize, manage, and assume the risks of a business or enterprise.
the united states is a free society that fosters free enterprise. nowhere in the world is there so much entrepreneurship as there
is in the united states. on average 3,171 businesses are established each
business day! 
 

this web site is a work in progress. it has 3 pages serving as a focal point to share
american family traditions with you. they are the freedom,
family,  and american
culture pages. the traditions
page serves as a location where you can share your family traditions with us so
that we can post selected ones for visitors to this web site to view. our links
page serves as a focal point with other web sites. visit our about
us page to learn about the american family traditions company.
our site index will
aid you in navigating this web site. visit our shopping
mall to buy related products!

 




pierside
gallery
thomas kinkade
sydney


traditions:

freedom 
1.history
2.flag

3.declaration
4.constitution
5.bill of rights
6.american
eagle
7.ceremonies



family
1.weddings
2.anniversaries
3.family ritual
4.candle in the
window
5.children
5.collier

american culture
1.holidays
2.craftsmanship

3.entrepreneurship

4.leadership
5.know-how 
6.alex mandry 
7.competition 





this web site is
the intellectual property of american family traditions. some of the information
provided is general knowledge and some is the original work of american family
traditions. permission must be requested to use or reproduce any of its contents
to ensure fairness. footnotes have been provided where appropriate to give
credit to the work of others and to ensure you get permission from those
sources.
copyright ?  2000-2001 american family traditions. all rights reserved.
last updated march 29, 2001

contact
us


