










antique chinese porcelain, ming dynasty shipwreck pottery, antique ceramics













shipping artefacts:all our antique chinese porcelain, jingdezhen porcelain, chinese pottery or other asian art objects and publications will be shipped from our store in malaysia. the default shipping method is "registered air parcel" which is managed by malaysia’s national post office.  every parcel we sent can be tracked online.we are swedish maritime enthusiasts that spent the past 40 years researching asia's maritime trade. our findings lead to the discovery and excavation of ten sung, ming and qing dynasty shipwrecks in the south china sea. following completed research into these shipwrecks's antique chinese porcelain and other pottery, the malaysian government now allow us to sell some of the recovered artifacts. after dating these antique porcelain and pottery and adding authenticity, we have received "the best possible provenance" approval by many international museumsthis web site is about that work and about the antique chinese porcelain, ming dynasty porcelain and pottery, celadon, yixing teapots and other antique ceramics we now sell from these shipwreck sites. if you are interested in genuinely old chinese porcelain, blue and white porcelain, celadon wares, chinese pottery, yixing teapots or other antique pottery or ceramics.....you will enjoy this site!to view antique chinese porcelain, antique pottery, yixing teapots and ancient ceramics; click here.you are visiting the only site on the internet where the researchers responsible for the shipwreck recoveries legally sell their recoveries of antique chinese porcelain, other blue and white porcelains, yixing teapots, celadon wares and chinese pottery from own excavations. all the work with archaeology and artifact handling is made in collaboration with malaysia's department of museums. we can therefore guarantee legally excavated antiques with absolute authenticity. listen to see what the malaysian minister for culture say about our work; click here.to view pictures and videos about our diving on historical shipwrecks, click here.dive with us on the wani (ad. 1625) shipwreck our latest reference book on 17th century chinese porcelain is now available here.our guaranteewhen buying our antique chinese porcelain, jingdezhen porcelain, chinese pottery or other asian antiques from our web pages you are not dealing with antique dealers or other middle men. you will be buying directly from a team of dedicated researchers that excavated, recovered and researched every single piece offered for sale. all our numbered artifacts are delivered with a legally binding certificate of authenticity. to view samples of these documents, click here. we encourage you to contact us by email with questions regarding your possible purchase. write to our: sten sjostrand if you are not satisfied with our artifacts, delivery service or; if you obtain an expert opinion that our artifacts are not as old as stated by us, just return the item inside 10 days from receipt and we will give you full refund.this site is for antique chinese porcelain, chinese antique porcelain, shipwreck pottery, celadon, yixing teapots, chinese pottery and other antique ceramics from ming dynasty shipwrecks and other ming dynasty porcelain potterynanhai marine archaeology sdn. bhd.kuala rompin. pahang. malaysiaphone: + 60 12 761 4759    email to usclick on below images to view our sales pagesloss or damage:should you despite our careful packing receive your piece(s) damaged, we ask you to return it to us after sending us pictures of its condition on arrival. we shall then send you replacement piece(s) -free of charge. if the tracking system confirms that your package has been lost, we shall replace the artifact(s) without cost to youother interesting webpages related to antique chinese porcelain, chinese porcelain and other ming dynasty ceramic and pottery items.  all of it with impeccable provenance!                              ming dynasty shipwrecks and chinese pottery:                   http://www.ming-wrecks.comkraak porcelain and other ceramics from the 17th century:   http://www.thewanlishipwreck.comantique chinese porcelain production & export                              at "the porcelain center of the world"                                        http://www.thewanlishipwreck.com/jingdezhen.htmlantiques, pottery & ceramics  from ming                              dynasty shipwrecks:                                                         http://www.china-pottery.comasian art and antiques chinese porcelain:                   http://www.wanli-porcelain.comantique chinese porcelain & shipwreck pottery    http://www.sawankhalok.com                              to understand ming dynasty porcelain reign marks      http://www.thewanlishipwreck.com/marks-and-inscriptions.html                              for a report on the excavation of the wanli shipwreck                 http://www.thewanlishipwreck.com/report.html                              appreciating symbolism in antique chinese porcelain                 http://www.thewanlishipwreck.com/borders.html                              interpretation of painted ming dynasty porcelain                         http://www.thewanlishipwreck.com/medallions.html                              presentation of all www.mingwrecks.com shipwrecks  http://www.maritimeasia.ws nanhai marine archaeology has been excavating and researching the ceramic cargo from ten ming dynasty shipwrecks found in the south china sea. these artefacts  and other antique porcelains and pottery are now on sale on their web site: www.mingwrecks.com  ships excavated include the royal nanhai from the 1460’s and the desaru shipwreck which yielded chinese porcelain and yixing teapots from the 1830’s. all this work is written about on the company’s webpage: publications. this work is shown, in parts on the company's photo page where they show some of their artefacts, videos and pictures.mingwrecks.com sales pages include pages for 14-16th century celadon wares, chinese porcelain from the 17th century as well as chinese porcelain from the 19th century and yixing teapots from the desaru shipwreck. for the more affordable pieces, the company has established a web page called: clearance where they offer for sale artefacts, of best possible provenance for rather affordable prices. in addition, it shall be mentioned that the company, due to its detailed and exhaustive research has established such degree of authenticity of their recovered artifacts that they are now displayed and used as dating reference by many international museums.the company also maintain three other web sites that show different aspects if their work. this include; www.ming-wrecks.com, www.china-pottery.com and www.wanli-porcelain.com all these sites are well worth visiting.at nanhai marine archaeology we excavated antique chinese porcelain, celadon and other chinese porcelain, antique bowls and antique ceramics from numbers of ming dynasty shipwrecks. chinese pottery is excavated by ourselves and all the antiques and ceramics is fully researched by our own experts at nanhai marine archaeology we excavated shipwreck artifacts, antique ceramics and antique chinese porcelain, celadon, other chinese porcelains and antique pottery from numbers of ming dynasty shipwrecks. our shipwreck pottery, artifacts and other ming porcelain and pottery are well researched. the yixing teapots we find are from the qing dynasty. our work also involves interpretation of porcelain marks and historical research at the jingdezhen kilns in china. among our recoveries are kraak porcelain from the late ming dynasty, celadon from china and thai pottery, chinese pottery and other antique ceramics. most of our shipwreck artifacts are antique ceramics, celadon, blue and white porcelain and other chinese porcelain wares from the ming dynasty.  we also sell kraak porcelain from the porcelain kilns at jingdezhen in china together with ancient chinese celadon wares.we are considered experts in dating antique chinese porcelain a knowledge that arrive from time consuming studies of our ten historical shipwrecks continuing these ‘time capsule’ artifacts. our ming porcelain is in addition also confirmed by our research in jingdezhen in china at the same time as we confirmed the origin of our yixing teapots. antiques as well as kraak porcelain, chinese porcelain, celadon and other antique ceramics are thus our expertise and also what nanhai marine archaeology and our chief researched: sten sjostrand are best known for. as such, we are known to do proper research based on detailed archaeology about antique chinese porcelain, celadon, pottery & ceramics from ming dynasty ships.shipwreck porcelain and pottery, jingdezhen porcelain and pottery is our speciality and you can be assured that all our shipwreck pottery and antique chinese porcelain is genuinely old and historically valuable. antique chinese porcelain, ming dynasty pottery and shipwrecks is our passion. jingdezhen porcelain and ming dynasty porcelain and pottery, antique pottery and porcelain and antique bowls as well as kraak porcelain is available on this site. porcelain marks, royal nanhai and the wanli shipwreck provided us with and blue and white porcelain plates. also yixing teapotsming porcelain and pottery and jingdezhen porcelain and blue antique chinese porcelainour antique chinese porcelain and other chinese, ming dynasty pottery, antique ceramics and other antique porcelain is available here from ming dynasty shipwrecks. we also have old yixing  teapots, jingdezhen porcelain and kraak porcelain and kraak plate for sale. antique ceramics and celadon ware is our speciality as is blue and white porcelainwe sell antique porcelain china and other chinese antique ceramics as well as antique chinese pottery. we are experts in chinese pottery for sale and truly love chinese ming pottery and other old chinese pottery. we study and offer for sale  ming dynasty bowls and plates as well as chinese porcelain antique. ming dynasty reign marks is included in out expert area so any ming plates and bowls for sale is furnished with our certificateswe sell antique porcelain china and other chinese antique ceramics as well as antique chinese pottery. we, at nanhai marine archaeology are experts of antique chinese porcelain in chinese pottery, antique ceramics and chinese pottery from ming dynasty pottery and other antique pottery from ming dynasty shipwrecks. we offer jingdezhen porcelain and blue and white porcelain from shipwreck porcelain and pottery. in addition, we offer interpretation for porcelain marks, antique bowls and plates and kraak porcelain, celadon, yixing teapots and many other old antique china for sale. sten sjostrand offer his expertise in ming dynasty reign marks for ming plates and bowls which are for sale and truly love chinese ming pottery and other old chinese pottery. we study and offer for sale  ming dynasty bowls and plates as well as chinese porcelain antique from antique jingdezhen porcelain manufacturers. ming dynasty reign marks is included in out expert area so any ming plates and bowls for sale is furnished with our certificatesnanhai marine archaeology sdn. bhd.(a swedish owned company contracted by the malaysian government to carry out search and excavation of historical shipwrecks in the south china sea) kuala rompin. malaysia. email to usantique chinese porcelain is our speciality. at nanhai marine archaeology we deal with antique ceramics and chinese pottery from ming dynasty shipwrecks. we also offer for sale yixing teapots and other ming dynasty pottery as well as antique pottery and  jingdezhen porcelain from ming dynasty shipwrecks.  blue and white porcelain and other shipwreck porcelain and pottery is interpreted with porcelain marks on antique bowls. the wanli shipwreck,gave us  antique ceramics as well as celadon, yixing teapots and kraak porcelain. sten sjostrand sell old antique porcelain china and more of  antique chinese pottery for sale and help you understand ming dynasty reign marks if you buy ming plates and bowls.salealbum | museums | wrecks | sale
website designed at homestead™ make a website for your business









