



































    the chamber of southwest florida - welcome!
  












              

 
    home


  membership


  about


  business directory


  contact











    
 





        welcome!
   

learn more




   
 we are the chamber of southwest florida
 
we are a regional business organization that builds leadership as a strategic contribution to the community. we deliver quality information, services and value to our members that provide a positive contribution to their business. four key divisions drive the “business building leadership” mission of the organization: governmental advocacy, strategic business information, leadership development, and membership service.


    for members only

 we need your feedback

the annual membership survey is
underway!!!!through this survey the chamber of southwest florida will examine ways in which we can focus our resources to better meet your needs.please click here to access the survey. 

  our mission
  the mission of the chamber of southwest florida is to be a regional business organization that builds leadership as a strategic contribution to the community. we will be strong advocates of our members’ interests before government and we will encourage the continuing development of regional infrastructure. we will deliver quality information, services and value to our members that provide a positive contribution to their business.
   

learn more




    what's happening around
     chamber news

check back for more details soon!

  member news

check back for more details soon.﻿






    congratulations!!!

 dr. kenneth p. walker, district president, edison college wins regional business leadership award 

  
   
the chamber of southwest florida has honored dr. kenneth p. walker, district president, edison college with the annual business building leadership award. the award recognizes distinguished business and community leaders for their personal and organizational leadership, management and advocacy resulting in a positive contribution to the region and its economy. the award was presented during the afternoon general session of the 25th annual regional economic outlook conference presented by the chamber of southwest florida in partnership with area business and community organizations. the event was held at the barbara b. mann hall, edison college campus back in december.in announcing the award, chamber president and ceo steve tirey said, “the business building leadership award is a tradition established by the chamber of southwest florida over the last half decade.  the chamber believes that recognizing an individual who exemplifies community leadership from our region is central to reinforcement of the notion that southwest florida is a collection of quickly evolving communities within a regional fabric.  we are all one regional community bringing our hopes, dreams and aspirations to this paradise we call southwest florida.” dr. kenneth walker’s personal and professional mission in life has been about making higher education available to all who seek it in southwest florida.  under his leadership, the college is dedicated to the philosophy of providing top quality education in a friendly atmosphere with individual attention to the needs of students. walker has recruited an outstanding faculty qualified by professional preparation and experience, and committed to nurturing each person's potential through trust and respect. walker has worked to provide learning opportunities which encourage students to become immersed in and responsible for their educational process, with assistance from staff and faculty. he has built an environment rich in opportunity, encouragement, and collaboration that allows students to become successful, responsible learners today and competent, accountable leaders of tomorrow.dr. walker is the seventh recipient of the award. the recipient at the reo 2003 conference was jim nathan, president of lee memorial health system. prior recipients include: al hoffman, chief executive officer of bonita springs-based wci communities; dr. roy mctarneghan, founding president of florida gulf coast university; james garner, local attorney; gary trippe, president of oswald trippe and company; and, dci porter goss. 








       
  
write your caption here

  

button



 
  


  









  get in touch with us
  want to get involved or learn more about the chamber activities? get in touch with us!
   

get in touch




   
 our premiere members

here are some of our premiere members here at the chamber of sw florida:﻿
 shipping containers of floridajacksonville sod mastersruth law team - st. petersburg car accident lawyers

     

see all members












        


 contact
  
info@chamber-swflorida.com

   


 location
  chamber of sw florida
florida, united states
     

 

 

 





    




 our hours
    mon - fri
 9:00 am 
- 5:00 pm


 sat - sun
closed




































































































































  
  share by:








