













top republican phone vendor - win with phones - campaignhq










































































































































campaignhq












  










  










  










  










  













 info@chq.us



(888) 722-4704



















 

















menu

 


our team
our services
case studies
get a quote










get in touch



























visit capitol resources for franked communication







  



 victory beginshere.











elections










advocacy



















we are




campaignhq




live calls, automated calls, and full- service texting to help republicans and conservatives win elections and public affairs campaigns, in all 50 states.








72 million




texts sent




 






32 million




live calls completed











1.7 million




patch-throughs completed











impact




in all 50 states











*since 1/1/2019












an extension of your campaign 
 










we’re the top republican phone vendor in the united states. our team will help you win close races using live calls, automated calls, and full-service text messages. we’ll do all the work so your staff and volunteers can focus where they have the biggest impact.








all services 
















more voter contact for your money

we'll make sure you get the most value for your calls and texts. that way, you won’t waste any time or money contacting people who won’t or can’t vote for you or your issue. this has saved campaigns up to 40% on their overall voter contact budget.














voter contact experts 

the campaignhq team will help you squeeze every last phone call and text out of your voter contact budget with a strategic plan, message targeting, and data management. our team will make your message stand out with our proven script-writing process and with rules changing every day, we’ll make sure you stay in compliance. 














win your election

campaignhq helps republican candidates and conservative organizations win elections. whether you want to identify, persuade or turnout voters, we’ll deliver your message with calling or texting, including:

voter id
persuasion / advocacy
gotv (get out the vote)
absentee or early voting















win your issue 

if you need to persuade elected officials in your public policy battle, we can educate and activate constituents to help you win.
we can mobilize people to support your cause with:

telephone townhalls
patch-through calls 
issue impact pages















at campaignhq, we understand what motivates republican candidates, consultants, issue advocacy, and public affairs leaders like you: winning.
to accomplish your goals, you need to effectively identify, persuade, and turnout voters, or mobilize people to pressure their elected officials. the problem is that reaching the right people is time-consuming, overwhelming, and increasingly uncertain.
we believe you shouldn’t have to spend your valuable time doing it all yourself. at campaignhq, we’re more than the best republican phone vendor in the country. we know how to effectively combine live telephone calls, full-service text messaging, automated messages, and telephone townhalls to help you win.
here’s how it works. schedule a call with a chq expert to discuss your campaign or public affairs goal. with your budget and desired outcome in mind, we’ll craft a strategy to identify, persuade, and mobilize your target audience. then, our team will take care of everything from start to finish. we’re not like other republican vendors: we’re 100% full-service, and our team can serve as an extension of your own. 
don’t risk losing a close race by only a few votes! schedule calls and texts with campaignhq today.

















 



testimonials
 




 





campaignhq is responsive and reliable, delivering over 3.5 million texts for my candidates across 160 separate projects. campaignhq is my trusted vendor for phones and texts.




jordan berry, berry communications






the team at campaignhq made our project seamless, which was a huge help to a brand new group like ours. they were responsive and creative. we can’t wait to work with them again as our organization continues to grow!




seth winter, protecting americans action fund






thank you for the incredible work getting everything out for jed and mobilizing voters. historic night for him after securing more than 1,000 votes (and counting)! thanks!




the jlk political strategies team






campaignhq helped plan and deliver gotv live calls, texts, automated calls, and telephone townhalls for our campaign. their experience and expertise in voter contact helped us gain the edge and beat a longtime democrat incumbent in a tight race.




marshall moreau

                        campaign manager, brenna bird for attorney general,                         




chq was a major factor in helping us finally implement a key policy that we have been working on for three years. several legislators even commented from the floor about how many calls they received. being able to connect constituents with legislators is a game changer in the fast-moving environment of a state legislature.




brittany jones

                        kansas family voice,                         




a huge night for north carolina and for babies! grateful for how great campaignhq is to work with and for helping us execute on what i know made an impact on this good outcome!




caitlin connors

                        southern regional director, sba pro-life america,                         




chq was responsive and agile when i needed live calls to advocate for my client in his congressional primary race. when my candidate wanted to add contrast messaging to undecideds against his opponent, chq was able to pivot quickly and change the messaging immediately. chq helped us widen the margin of victory and win with over 75% of the vote.




wayne king

                        old north strategies                        










 



















 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 

















 



let’s get started
 




 





schedule a call
meet with a campaignhq expert to discuss your election or public affairs challenges. contact us

develop your plan
with your budget, goals, and timeline in mind, we’ll craft a strategy and message to help you identify, persuade, or turnout your target audience. 

win your race/issue
our full-service team will take care of everything, start to finish. we’ll write your script, execute your calls, deliver your texts, train and schedule our team on your messages, manage your lists, handle the software, compliance and delivery issues, and dive deep on your data. all you need to do is watch your inbox for the results. 






 













 







 












 



reaching the right voters can be overwhelming.
 



there are many challenges to overcome:
 




choosing the “right” way to contact voters
wasting your time contacting the wrong voters
not garnering enough support to win your election or your issue
crafting a message voters won’t understand 
getting the most value for your money

at campaignhq we help you identify, persuade, and turnout voters, by phone and text, to move the needle so you can win.







our services








 













 
 
 










  copyright © 2023.
campaignhq.
all rights reserved.

 


recent news


get the chq expert guide!
august 14, 2024


december insiders webinar with public affairs partner co-founder andy yates
november 30, 2023


 

contact(888) 722-4704info@chq.us
facebook
linkedin
x
youtube
instagram
 

quick linkshome
our team
new career
our services
faq
blog
contact
insiders
 





 






 











































