


scuba diving playa del carmen, riviera maya mexico find best courses padi intd ssi tdi caverns



































home


open water dives


cenotes / caverns


diving 

packages


courses we offer



cavern diving



cave diving



safety issues



staff


prices


playa del carmen



hotels & 
		condos


transportation



snorkeling trips


contact us

pictures


ocean /


cenotes


ferry schedule


dive & travel insurance


books


reservations


links
 




 
scuba diving playa del carmen web site is your diving guide of the 
riviera maya, mexico. if you need hotels or condos or other activities 
please go to seamonkey business.
if you are going to scuba dive in the riviera maya in the beautiful caribbean reefs 
you must come diving in playa del carmen, riviera 
maya.  its only a 35 minute ferry ride from cozumel to playa del carmen and 
we are within 40 minutes from cancun, tulum, puerto aventuras, puerto morelos and akumal.   you will not forget this experience in your lifetime !  
diving in playa del carmen has beautiful ocean reefs and caverns / cenotes 
diving to offer.


scuba diving in the open water 
of the caribbean is an experience hard to forget.  some of the dives are 
drift dive. others you can see hundreds of turtles or maybe you want to go 
through some beautiful arches in the bottom of the sea.  it is all possible 
in playa del carmen and the riviera maya.
if you are new to scuba diving we have great 
instructors. you can take a crash course called 
discover 
scuba diving and dive with one of our instructors in just a few hours to 
a maximum depth of 30 feet. or you can do an open water course (3 to 4 days ).  
if you live in a place that is just not conducive to doing your open water dives 
come here and relax in the caribbean and do your 
referral 
course (2 days).  if you just want to gain more experience you can 
do the advanced open water, 
rescue 
diver, or your 
dive master 
course. we also have information and dates on becoming a padi idc 
instructor.
 
 
cenotes - caverns - caves

this 
diving area on the riviera maya just across the waters from cozumel has the most 
amazing cavern / cenote diving in the world.  these caverns have no 
current, the water is crystal clear, the water temperature is 25 celsius (78 
fahrenheit) and the average depths is 35 feet (10 meters ) all this makes 
for a very easy and comfortable diving experience.  one that you will never 
forget. the biggest misconception is that you need a 
special certificate. all you need is an open water certification to 
experience the pristine

cenotes / caverns
. check out our 

diving packages.
the 
word "cenote" is pronounced, say-no-tay and is derived from  the mayan word, "dzonot" 
which means sacred well. a combination of  various geological events and  
climate changes created an incredible and unique ecosystem in mexico's yucatan 
peninsula.



we have hand picked the top dive instructors and guides from various dive 
facilities in this area.  they all specialize in cavern diving, cave 
diving, technical diving or ocean diving.
so, we have decided to create a web site that can offer everything that a 
scuba diver could want.  you can make your reservation with us and we will 
arrange your diving vacation to your needs.  
 
 
 






 

 

		 

 







we also deal with all the hotels and condo rentals that are on this 
web site seamonkey business. we will soon post some great diving packages and 
discount diving packages for groups.  check out our diving facilities that 
we use.
if you want to see immediate rates and availabilities for hotels please go to 
hotels playa del carmen.
if you need transportation in the riviera maya go to
transportation riviera 
maya lots of info for airport transfers from cancun airport to playa del 
carmen and the rest of the riviera maya.





join us on facebook 

 





courses you 
			can take



 

 

 

 









