






*alienviewgroup*









     

     










    "i happen to have been privileged enough to be in on the fact that we've 
    been visited on this planet, 



and the ufo phenomenon is real."

 edgar 
    mitchell, moonwalker

     


 "these guys are real, i guarantee it!"  — 


story 
    musgrave


     




alienviewgroup

press  to  continue



     

     

best viewed at 1024 x 768 

and 

trillions 
    of colors!

     


avgroup [alienview.net]... is an 
    equal-opportunity paranormalist association in glad affiliation with the church 
    of "it ain't what you think!" and the isi (incomprehensible 
    self-indulgent)...  seriously.  but... in as much as sincerity, 
    honesty, empathy, and inventiveness is the coin of this high content / high 
    context realm, small consideration could be given to providing some small 
    support for it, empowering it to greater things... we -are- power we don't use... 

it all 
    comes down to 
    you.






support alienviewgroup




excuse any load time, art -takes- time, 
    immediate gratification is counter productive sometimes, and you can come 
    back all the time (where it takes less time...) ...anytime!



    take your mind for a drive through tm's hyperspace...   




     

"all these 
    moments will be lost in time,
    like tears in rain."  --  
    rutger hauer

     

who will weep for our lost nation? how many 
      citizens will cry in anguish for our republic, devastated and destroyed by 
      an elite group of insiders who, bit by bit, through stealth, lies, deceit, 
      chicanery, and outright criminal fraud have wrecked constitutional havoc. 
      checks and balances are gone. congress is bought and sold by 40,000 
      corporate lobbyists. congress no longer works for us. the judiciary, 
      packed with neocons, then shoves new "legal interpretations" down our own 
      throats or disregards time-honored ones. our country is no longer "we, the 
      people." now, it is "[them], the corporations." is this not fascism? — ilya 
      sandra perlingieri, phd


 


corporations are legal individuals much like any 
      single human, sadly, as they are "individuals" avoiding equal responsibility, 
      equal accountability, equal dependability, equal blame-ability or equal 
      liability; reptiles, they are devoid of conscientiousness or compassion 
      because human reptiles composing them are devoid of conscientiousness or 
      compassion. why tolerate corporate "reptiles" where corporate 
      "mammals" might be sought. -- alfred lehmberg






"when any government, or any church for that 
        matter, undertakes to say to its subjects, this you may not read, this 
        you must not see, this you are forbidden to know, the end result is 
        tyranny and oppression no matter how holy the motives." —  robert 
        heinlein











 











