










stephen wiltshire - contemporary artist & architectural illustrator













































sign in
join nowshopping bag 0




































stephen wiltshire



stephen wiltshire




toggle navigation











sign in
join nowshopping bag 0
























biography  -  artist biography
originals 1  -  original drawings for sale 1
prints 1  -  art prints for sale 1
city panorama drawings
news   -  in the news 
london pad  &  london gallery
movies 1  -  stephen on film 1
the archive
contact  -  get in touch



















stephen wiltshire
british architectural artist

stephen wiltshire is a prodigious cityscape artist, known for capturing intricate details of global skylines after mere glimpses. honoured as a member of the order of the british empire for services to art, his artworks grace prestigious museums worldwide. at just five, he began drawing lifelike, accurate impressions of cities, skylines and street scenes after having only observed them briefly. at only eight years old, the uk prime minister owned one of his pieces.

dubbed "britain's best child artist" by the royal academy of art's president, sir hugh casson, stephen has since showcased his talent globally with record-breaking exhibits. living by his mantra, 'do the best you can and never stop', he sketches daily.




read stephen's biography





stephen's bio
















original drawings



















tower bridge london














graduation of tower bridge river thames














royal albert hall london














little venice london














san antonio river walk














dubai skyline















originals for sale








limited edition prints



















my world as you see














plane view of eiffel tower














empire state building seen airplane














canary wharf skyline 














aerial view of city of














3d brooklyn bridge, manhattan















limited editions & prints








city panoramas



















london panorama 












new york panorama












singapore panorama 












dubai panorama












rome panorama 












tokyo panorama 













city panoramas











exhibitions


stephen's exhibitions and live drawing shows attract large number of visitors worldwide. is your city the next?




exhibitions






press office


download stephen's biography, key dates and press brief. find the artist's answers to some of your interview questions.




press office






in the papers


view articles dating back from the 1980s about stephen starting his artistic career up to recent press cuttings.




media archive






artist studio



our private studio is located in chelsea harbour, london, welcoming collectors on an appointment basis.












+44 7948 350444
















the images and materials on this site © stephen wiltshire 2025
                



translate





we use cookies to fine-tune your gallery experience.no sketchy data sharing here, just pure artistry.




okay, thanks





we use cookies to fine-tune your gallery experience.no sketchy data sharing here, just pure artistry.


okay, thanks











