     brad deery motors - new & used car dealership in maquoketa, ia | trusted auto sales & service                          


                                    brad deery auto group        call 844-792-6800    ford 563-652-8373       p.o. box 1000maquoketa, ia 52060                                                    service        map        contact                      brad deery auto group           call 844-792-6800   directions                       search all inventory   search all inventory   make your tax refund work for you     new   new   search inventory   new specials   2025 corvette z06 convertible   chevrolet   ram   jeep   dodge   chrysler   ford   custom factory order   schedule test drive   trade appraisal     used   used   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   deery certified pre-owned vehicles   fca certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   buyback   trade appraisal   pre-owned specials   wholesale to the public     finance   finance   payment calculator   gap insurance   vehicle service contract   automotive theft protection   key repair and replacement   tire and wheel protection plans   paint and fabric defense   tax refund as a down payment     sell your car   parts & service   schedule service   service center   order parts   gm accessories   detailing center   collision center   service & parts specials   service videos   gm oil change coupon   winter weather readiness     about us   about us   our group   meet our staff   hours & directions   blog   join our team   community involvement   living & working in maquoketa   discounts for local heros   leave us a review                      home   search all inventory   search all inventory   make your tax refund work for you     new   new   search inventory   new specials   2025 corvette z06 convertible   chevrolet   ram   jeep   dodge   chrysler   ford   custom factory order   schedule test drive   trade appraisal     used   used   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   deery certified pre-owned vehicles   fca certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   buyback   trade appraisal   pre-owned specials   wholesale to the public     finance   finance   payment calculator   gap insurance   vehicle service contract   automotive theft protection   key repair and replacement   tire and wheel protection plans   paint and fabric defense   tax refund as a down payment     sell your car   parts & service   schedule service   service center   order parts   gm accessories   detailing center   collision center   service & parts specials   service videos   gm oil change coupon   winter weather readiness     about us   about us   our group   meet our staff   hours & directions   blog   join our team   community involvement   living & working in maquoketa   discounts for local heros   leave us a review          




your tax refund + our deals = huge savings
 shop now!




  










inventory
search


        filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       





                                                                               







apply for credit
get financing










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory          specials click here to view all specials              more info  ×       close     




view our lineup



chevrolet

|

chrysler

|

dodge

|

jeep

|

ram

|

wagoneer

|

ford









colorado





silverado 1500





trax





equinox





trailblazer





blazer





traverse





tahoe





suburban





silverado 2500hd





silverado 3500hd





express





bolt ev





malibu





camaro





corvette









300





pacifica





pacifica hybrid









charger





challenger





durango





hornet









compass





wrangler





wrangler unlimited





cherokee





grand cherokee





grand cherokee l





gladiator





renegade









1500 trx





all-new 1500





1500 classic





ram 2500





ram 3500





ram chassis cab





promaster city





ram promaster









grand wagoneer series ii





wagoneer series iii









mustang





mach-e





escape





edge





explorer





expedition





bronco





bronco sport





maverick





ranger





f-150





f-150 lightning





super duty





e-transit





transit





transit connect








     

experience the drive
get behind the wheel and hit the road with a test drive.
schedule test drive  


     



certified pre-owned
view inventory  






vehicles under 15k
view inventory  



      


new and used car dealership in maquoketa near the quad cities
brad deery auto group | brad deery motors | brad deery ford
at brad deery motors near quad cities moline dubuque davenport, we are proud to be your trusted new and used car dealer. whether you have your eye on a ford or a model from the chrysler dodge jeep ram line, we carry the vehicles that you are looking for. our line extends to include impressive chevrolet models as well. we are more than a new and used car dealer in maquoketa. our trusted dealership also keeps your car, truck or suv on the road by providing quality upkeep and repair services as needed in our modern service center. with our technicians’ incredible expertise on all models from the ford chevrolet chrysler dodge jeep ram lines, you are assured that your vehicle will be properly taken care of when you bring it to us. regardless of your need for sales or services, our team is ready to help you today.
why buy a new ford chevrolet chrysler dodge jeep ram from us
when many of our customers drop by our dealership in maquoketa iowa, they are not yet certain which model they want to take home. as a new and used car dealer that sells the full lines from ford chevrolet chrysler dodge jeep ram, you can feel confident that we have at least a few options that are a great fit for you. at brad deery motors, we know that each car shopper has individualized criteria that must be met for their purchase. this could include specific accommodations for cargo space, towing capabilities and seating. many of our customers focus on safety features and ratings, technologies and other factors as well. because we have such an extensive range of impressive possibilities for our customers to explore, our customers never have to settle for a vehicle that is not perfect for them. we encourage you to visit our dealership near quad cities moline dubuque davenport soon so that you can get familiar with the exciting options available to you.
auto service and repair in maquoketa iowa
does your chevrolet or ford vehicle require periodic maintenance work soon? does your chrysler dodge jeep ram have auto repair needs? at our preferred and reliable auto dealership near quad cities moline dubuque davenport, we provide our local customers with a trusted resource for all of their automotive service needs. our dealership’s service center is staffed by technicians who have been properly trained and certified to work on all ford chevrolet chrysler dodge jeep ram vehicles. in addition to maintaining a qualified team of auto techs to work on our customers’ vehicles, our large service center is properly equipped with advanced tools and equipment so that our mechanics can address each customer’s needs perfectly and quickly. many automotive services require our team to utilize replacement parts. rather than using questionable aftermarket parts, our technicians incorporate oem replacement parts that are specifically designed for your car’s make and model. with appointments available at convenient times throughout the week, we make it easy to get your ford or other model the focused attention that it needs.
car loans and finance
do you have your eye on a vehicle from the chrysler dodge jeep ram line or the chevrolet line? at our dealership in maquoketa iowa? we proudly keep our everyday prices at a truly competitive level so that our customers can get a great deal on their next vehicle regardless of when they make a purchase. if you are like many of our other customers, applying for a car loan may be a part of your purchase experience. when you use a car loan in combination with our competitive prices, you can appreciate driving home in your new vehicle today and paying for it over the course of the next few years. our financing department is ready to review your loan application and to assist you with your search for a suitable loan program. because we maintain exceptional relationships with numerous top lenders and banks, we are able to quickly pinpoint financing possibilities that our customers individually qualify for. are you ready to learn what your auto financing options are? fill out the loan application on our dealership’s website or in our office to get started.
used car sales in maquoketa iowa
the diversity in our new car inventory is mirrored in our used vehicle inventory. used vehicles are an affordable alternative to a new car, and you will have access to incredible diversity in our used car inventory. many local car shoppers want to compare new and used options before finalizing their plans, and our sales associates near quad cities moline dubuque davenport are thrilled to have the opportunity to support you with your comparison research. because we are a new and used car dealer that takes steps to verify the quality of our used vehicles before they are added to offerings, we give our customers the ability to shop with confidence.
at brad deery motors, we want to be the reliable resource that local drivers utilize for their auto service and sales needs. are you in the market for a new or used vehicle? are you searching for a shop that you can trust to take excellent care of your vehicle? call our iowa sales or service teams today to learn more about our dealership and to request a dedicated appointment time with us.


       












112 north 2nd st, maquoketa, ia 52060

     monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    


       specials click here to view all specials              more info  ×       close          our locations







 brad deery motors

sales: 563-652-8236
service & parts: 563-652-8236
112 north 2nd st, maquoketa ia 52060

shop new chevrolet


shop chrysler dodge jeep ram








brad deery collision center

phone: 563-652-8236
fax: 563-652-8236
709 muggsie ln, maquoketa  ia 52060



learn more







brad deery ford  maquoketa

sales: 563-363-0034
service: 563-652-8055
parts: 563-652-8054
1178 200th ave, maquoketa  ia 52060

shop new ford




                     copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | brad deery auto group | p.o. box 1000, maquoketa, ia 52060 | call: 844-792-6800             



















   




        