




































    
    homeopathic doctor & medicine in northfield, minnesota | vital force consulting inc
  
  













               email:
vitalforceconsulting4@gmail.comphone no:
507 581 1114
  


     

 

 

 







       home



  forms


   vfc questionnaire may 2022



  acute cough questionnaire



  case record





  clients


   homeopathy



  conditions treated



  looking for a homepath



  questions and answers



  testimonials



  directions



  acute homeopathic care



  fee schedule and business policy



  constitutional homeopathic care



  payment policy



  vfc client bill of rights



  vfc exhibit a



  vfc information for clients





  homeopaths


   homeopathic support for the effects of stress in the pandemic world, jahc 2021



  pain management in fibromyalgia, jahc 2020



  autism cases and long-term management, presentation at jahc 2019



  having a thriving practice and mentoring by sujata owens, mha presentation, 2018



  depression, anxiety and insomnia, fifty north presentation, dec. 2019



  keeping healthy through winter months, fifty north presentation, dec. 2019



  flu management 2018



  understanding latrodectus hasseltii; a lesser known remedy of the latrodectus genus



  long term success in osteoarthritis and breast cancer with conium



  using bowel nosodes clinically



  case of nephrotic syndrome



  mn video course may 4 and 5, 2013



  autism case presentation



  assisting individuals with multiple sclerosis through homeopathy



  decoding mysteries in the pediatric cases dr. sunil anand



  deepening our understanding of miasms through cases



  mentorship



  homeopathy and cancer, an interview



  potentizing ourselves



  inventory of remedies





  symptoms / articles


   multiple sclerosis case, germanium: american  homeopath 2021



  autism cases, homeopathy today, spring 2022



  myasthenia gravis case, the american homeopath, 2020



  rheumatoid arthritis case, “pain relieved”, homeopathy today, fall 2020



  recurrent cough, croup and respiratory syncytial virus (rsv), the american homeopath 2018 article



  homeopathy: personalized, natural medicine (entertainment guide, northfield, mn, may 2019)



  keeping healthy with homeopathy (entertainment guide, northfield, mn dec 2019)



  alternative medicine goes mainstream



  asthma



  attention deficit disorder



  autism article for ht 50th anniversary issue



  inf pnc cv30 protocol vfc



  avian flu



  chemical dependency



  concept of vital force in homeopathy



  constipation with colic



  exploring alternative medicine



  cough and cold help with homeopathy



  depression



  fibromyalgia



  fight avian flu away: homeopathic way



  flu



  healing with home homeopathy



  homeopathy: natural alternatives to hormone replacement



  homeopathy: gateway to solving america’s health care crisis



  homeopathy: the divide



  hormonal imbalance



  help for shingles naturally with homeopathy



  migraine



  nephropathy case, the american homeopath 2019



  race to health naturally from injuries



  race: homeopathic protocol for healing injuries



  research in homeopathy



  rethinking seasonal allergies homeopathically



  role of homeopathy in treating add-adhd



  shingles



  sleeplessness



  sports injuries



  why children are excellent candidates for homeopathic care



  flu solutions 2020





  remedy management


   what to expect in acute homeopathic care june 2022



  importance of observations during homeopathic healing journey



  things to avoid



  5 cup method instructions june 2022



  high potency dose instructions



  what to expect after taking homeopathic remedy



  vfc flu kit june 2022



  chart for 30c repetition of doses



  instructions for plussing homeopathic remedy



  chart for 200c repetition of doses



  acute consult remedy protocol



  lm potency instructions may 2022



  flu solutions with homeopathy june 2022





  presentations


   natural homeopathic solutions to strengthen the immune system



  women’s health through homeopathy presentation



  the homeopathic approach to depression and anxiety



  transforming women's health



  add, adhd, & autism



  colds, coughs and the flu



  ￼demystifying homeopathy: a natural approach to wellness



  homeopathy: gateway to solving america’s health care crisis



  freedom from pain naturally



  homeopathic home prescribing made easy





  links


   photo gallery



  video gallery





  workshops


   ameriprise presentation announcement: natural homeopathic solutions to strengthen the immune system



  kha study group announcement: autism presentation



  june 13 2014 aging gracefully with homeopathy



  october 15, 2013 - transforming women's health



  october 11, 2012 - freedom from pain naturally



  october 10, 2012 - keeping healthy this flu season



  september 19, 2011 - how to use homeopathic remedies at home



  june 21, 2010 - treating adhd the natural way



  august 9, 2010 - enjoy outdoors: conquer allergies naturally



  vaccine free: homeopathic approach



  november 7, 2013 - treating autism and autism spectrum disorder with homeopathy



  long-term management in five pediatric, autistic cases at jahc 2019



  pain management in fibromyalgia at joint american homeopathic conference 2020



  northfield holistic health summit may 2024





  contact us












    
 





       email:
vitalforceconsulting4@gmail.comphone no: 507 581 1114



   journey to health and wholeness

 if you are ready, you have come to the portal where you will get better understanding of how to achieve the optimum health with homeopathy. homeopathy, an alternative medicine for the 21st century, is the humane and scientific approach to achieving a healthy mind and body.
  

view more




   
01
 
our mission we create a world of vibrant health by using our gifts through the science and art of homeopathy.


   

 
welcome to vital force consulting  homeopathy, health, healing﻿

 are you ready to live a natural life full of energy, vitality and freedom from disease? 


if you are ready, you have come to the portal where you will get better understanding of how to achieve the optimum health with homeopathy. homeopathy, an alternative medicine for the 21st century, is the humane and scientific approach to achieving a healthy mind and body. homeopathy focuses on the interactions and interconnectedness of the mind, body, emotions and behavioral systems. it enables you to take charge of your emotional, mental, and social factors as you experience improvement in your health. it is an approach that respects and enhances your capacity for self-knowledge and self-care, and it emphasizes restoring balance in a natural and gentle way.



   
02
 
homeopathy homeopathy: personalized, natural medicine.


    the 2nd most widely-used system of medicine in the worldproven track record of world-wide success for over 200 yearsproven effectiveness for wide range of conditionsremoves root causes of illness leading to whole health

  strengthens the immune systemfrees patient from toxic effects of drugsfree from side effectssafe to use for all ages - babies to elderly

  low costhelps reduce an individual’s overall health care costsuses remedies that are fda approvedworks by restoring the health of the whole person



     





   homeopathic master clinician, sujata owens sujata owens, the first homeopathic doctor from india to establish a homeopathic practice in the united states, is an extensively trained and internationally acclaimed homeopathic master clinician. she has been offering a cost-effective and natural homeopathic approach for a healthy mind and body for over 30+ years.

her deep understanding of the human psyche, unique perspective of both modern medicine and homeopathy, and commitment to being a partner in achieving overall health has drawn a clientele from around the world. she is reputable for her thoroughness and accuracy for finding each individual’s homeopathic remedy in a short time.

case after case from sujata’s practice show that the symptoms of most illnesses can be effectively treated with homoeopathic medicine. carola bratt, of minneapolis, mn states: “when you have sujata as your homeopath, you do not miss conventional meds as you get same results naturally and holistically.”

“if you are ready to take charge of your health naturally, gently and rapidly, let me care for you. i look forward to working with you to revolutionize health care in the united states.” sujata owens

 evidence based trials confirm the many benefits of homeopathy evidence from randomized controlled trials and, in many cases, systematic reviews of the literature, suggests that :
 a well-selected and individualized homeopathic remedy stimulates person’s immune system. a stimulated immune system starts an action that results in the removal of microorganisms and the disappearance of symptoms of disease. this results in a restoration of balance and sense of well being. trials have found that homeopathy spurs mechanisms that help the brain and central nervous system influence high immune, endocrine, and autonomic functioning, which is known to have a long lasting and positive impact on health over the life-course.homeopathy offers integration at the mind-body level, which manages stress, allows the body to acquire coping skills, and enables a positive and healthy perspective and attitude toward life. homeopathy offers a way of calming and relaxing our nervous system. as a result, it is effective in treating mental and well as physical disorders, emotional ill-health and pain and stress.homeopathy offers an educational/informational component, which enhances the self-awareness and self-knowledge that can be effective adjuncts in the management of a variety of chronic conditions.when employed pre-surgically and post-surgically, homeopathy may improve recovery time and reduce pain following surgical procedures.



   clients


   
      01


  




"i am pain free. i am a proof that homeopathy works. i do not know where i would have been without you. i was not able to walk; my feet were so bad before i saw you. it was torture to wear shoes, my three toes where crooked, i could not open a jar and could not get grip on anything, i do not want to go back to that.
i feel so great. i was walking on air when i walked out of mayo clinic after my physical. clean bill of health. cholesterol is way down: 100. my blood pressure: 118/72. life is good.  life is going great.”
 ---darlene rustad, cannon falls, mn



       02

  




 mom with three children with issues of bed wetting confesses, “…only option doctor gave was to put them on diuretic, you do not want to do that at that age. claire was never dry before. after starting homeopathy with you, bedwetting went away completely.  in 5 yrs we have had 2 nights with bed wetting. it was so dramatic. it convinced me of powers of homeopathy. such a good example of how homeopathy helped quickly. so concrete. you can tell whether it worked or not. they were sleeping so deeply.  doctors did not have anything to offer.  we even did ultrasound to rule out anything was wrong.”
 ---sara howland, minneapolis, mn



       03

  




 “……last week i went to the ent specialist who took ct scan and declared "you have very little symptoms ofsinusitis left ....". wow! not sure how it almost disappeared but it might be a combined result of your remedy plus all the things i did. so, it looks that's not a major problem at this time. fantastic news. you cured my daughter. so i knew you could help me with my sinusitis. i come to you and bring my family to see you too because you are the best homeopath.”
 ---anjan chakraborty, farmington, mn





     



  a few years ago, i saw homeopathic master clinician, sujata owens, for a thyroid problem. i went in for one thing but she helped me with so much more. not only did she fix my thyroid and many other aches and pains, she also fixed something i did not tell her about which was the anxiety i had when i went into theaters and enclosed spaces. and with one remedy she gave me within just few months i was so much better. she is great. 
 amy goerwitz, northfield, mn



   conclusion

  homeopathy and other mind-body approaches have many potential benefits and advantages. in particular, the physical and emotional risks of using homeopathic interventions are minimal. there is considerable evidence that homeopathy and other mind-body interventions, even as they are being studied today, have positive effects on psychological functioning and overall quality of life, and may be particularly helpful for clients coping with chronic illnesses who are in need of palliative care.








      
follow us stay in touch with us on social media and find out more about what we do.new paragraph
email: 
vitalforceconsulting4@gmail.comphone no: 507 581 1114
    

 

 

 





 
quick links homeopaths

presentations
links
workshops
symptoms / articles
remedy management

 questions schedule free 15 minute appointment (for new clients only) or your first appointment or you follow up appointment with our homeopathic practitioner.   

book now




   




   
     101 5th st e, northfield mn 55057-2067, united states 
 |  507 581 1114
 copyright © all rights reserved.

















































































































  
  share by:












