

















evansdale cheese - a little taste of perfection



























 











0
items
in your cart









		home	



		store	



				shipping			





		our cheese	



				recipes			



				factory cheese shop at evansdale cheese.			



				cheese cakes			



				cheese storage tips			





		contact	



		gift box ideas	



		links	



		t-shirts	



		fundraising	



		partnership	







   










soft
cheese








hard
cheese








blue
cheese








tasty
sides








vouchers
gifts









evansdale cheese - a little taste of perfection
evansdale cheese was the first small cheese making factory in new zealand, beginning in 1977, with the dennison family cow, evansdale cheese has grown from gathering 150 litres of milk each day, to 1,500 litres each day. the world has changed a lot since evansdale cheese first started, but our family continues to make artisan cheese, recognising that cheese can thrive with a little care and consideration.
if cheese is handmade, properly looked after, and left to mature, it can develop a delightfully unique character.
we aim for our cheeses to be enjoyed at their best and to preserve the natural processes and subtle flavouring of the elements within the milk. this helps to preserve the cheeses natural delicate or robust flavours.
all evansdale cheeses are made naturally free of preservatives and calf rennet. we now sell and produce 20-30 different varieties of cheese, sold throughout new zealand, to supermarkets, boutique eateries, and restaurants and our other precious customers.
a 100% new zealand owned business, still owned by the dennison family, you can visit our cheesemaking facilities and shop at hawksbury village, or find us at your local farmers market.
  







farmers
market


 





tasty
sides


 





evansdale
cheese


 





about
evansdale


 





shop
cheese


 





want a taste?
sign up with us for the latest news, events and great specials.









 




 




 










privacy policy >




site map | privacy statement | contact 


copyright © evansdale cheese
4 duncan ave, hawksbury village 9471,otago, new zealand, new zealandph: +64 3 465 8101, fax: +64 3 465 8101




evansdale cheese a little taste of perfection
4 duncan ave, hawksbury village 9471,otago, new zealand

phone  +64 3 465 8101 • email info@evansdalecheese.co.nz






facebook 






site map | privacy statement | contact


			©  evansdale cheese  • site powered by turboweb







		site powered by - turboweb :: simple web manager











