






 



alpha-liberty company - scale & balance sales, certified weight, repair



































































skip to content



facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new window513-777-1525monday – friday 8 am – 4 pm est and by appointment


alpha-liberty company, inc.
scale and balance sales, repair, calibrated weights and rental

home about usiso/iec 17025 certificate policies and terms testimonials  servicesweight certification & sales balance & scale calibration weighing & measuring products balance & scale maintenance / repair balance & scale rental  productssartoriussartorius weighing sartorius pipetting sartorius water purification sartorius centrifuges  minebea intec a&d weighing rice lake weighing systems  news contact 

search:











 
home about usiso/iec 17025 certificate policies and terms testimonials  servicesweight certification & sales balance & scale calibration weighing & measuring products balance & scale maintenance / repair balance & scale rental  productssartoriussartorius weighing sartorius pipetting sartorius water purification sartorius centrifuges  minebea intec a&d weighing rice lake weighing systems  news contact 









helping you to
build your future
 
							alpha-liberty company sells, services and repairs laboratory balances from sartorius for professional weighing. these ultra-microbalances, microbalances, analytical balances and precision balances excel in speed, accuracy and quality backed by years of experience. 
							sartorius scales 
							contact us
 
							
 


scale and balance
maintenance and repair 
							alpha-liberty company provides maintenance and repair for most scale brands including sartorius, minebea intec, a&d, rice lake and mettler. let us create a service schedule specialized to fit your needs. 
							schedule maintenance  
							
 


weight certification
and sales
 
							alpha-liberty company’s weight calibration services are traceable to nist and give you the confidence and documentation required to assist you in the use of your precision weights. we offer a wide selection of certified quality test weights and weight sets for various applications. 
							view more 
							contact us
 
							
 


dedicated
customer service 
							servicing customers from academic institutions to water treatment: alpha-liberty company services equipment in a variety of industries. from precision balances, test weights, bench scales, and floor scales to weighing indicators and load cells, alpha-liberty makes safety, quality and performance our priority. 
							contact us 
							
 











alpha-liberty company, inc.about us


alpha-liberty company, inc. is an independent balance and scale dealer and is leading force in the weighing industry for over 40 years!  we are also an iso/iec 17025:2017 accredited laboratory.


about usour services


alpha-liberty company, inc. offers a variety of balance and scale services from sales, repair, calibration, maintenance, rental, providing certified weight.


view servicesdedicated customer service


alpha-liberty company, inc. is dedicated to superior customer service. customer satisfaction is the number-one priority with our sales and service professionals. alpha-liberty company wants the opportunity to be of service to your company!


free quote on sales, service or a scale rental.weight certification & salesalpha-liberty’s mass standards calibration laboratory is designed and constructed to meet the recommended environmental and procedural practices as detailed in nist and iso standards for the calibration of mass. our calibration capabilities range from class 1 to class f, and from 1mg to 25 kg, and our lab has been accredited to iso/iec 17025:2017 for mass calibrations by anab.read morebalance & scale calibrationregular calibration is the key service activity to ensure accurate weighing results. alpha-liberty’s balance and scale calibration service verifies and validates device tolerances for customers in ohio, kentucky, and indiana.read morebalance and scale saleswithin our inventory of scales, balances and weights, we offer instruments to meet a wide range of weighing requirements. setup and calibration services are available for many of our instruments.

sartorius balances
minebea intec scales
a&d weighing balances and scales
rice lake weighing systems certified weights

read morebalance and scale maintenance & repairalpha-liberty is a leading provider of repair services for laboratory and industrial weighing equipment, instruments and components, including scales, balances, and load cells. we provide on-site service in ohio, kentucky, and indiana, and provide depot service for customers throughout the united states.read morebalance and scale rentalalpha-liberty provides prompt, efficient and cost effective solutions for your temporary application or project needs. our rental equipment comes calibrated and ready to use.read moreneed a short-term balance or scale?alpha-liberty company offers long and short-term rentals and lease-purchase options for balances and scales. rental agreements are available from one day to a year or more.contact alpha-libertytestimonialsaaron, internal calibration technicianquick turnaround for weight calibration. keep up the great customer service!
sue ellen, analytical laboratory manageri am very impressed with your company’s service. i can’t believe how quickly the weights were calibrated and returned. and the items were boxed and labeled so nicely. i am so glad were are using your company for the calibration services.
featured partnerssartorius balances and scalesrice lake weighing systemsminebea intec balances and scalesa&d weighing










 anab accredited
alpha-liberty company, inc. is an iso/iec 17025:2017 accredited calibration laboratory.
contact usphone:phone: 513-777-1525address:7185 liberty centre drive
suite e
west chester, ohio 45069we are open:mon - fri: 8 am - 4 pm
and by appointmentour services services overview weight certification & sales balance & scale sales balance & scale calibration balance & scale maintenance / repair balance & scale rental 








					copyright © 2024.  alpha liberty company.

designed by websitephysician.com


policies and terms








go to top























































