








bully free at work - workplace bullying and harassment









































































































helping you cope with & stopworkplace bullying
respect • civility • accountability 



home
contact us
articles



 

share













presentations

valerie’s presentations
valerie’s video clips
what clients are saying!
client list
speaker packet (pdf)
request a speaking date


about valerie

meet valerie
see valerie on stage!
what clients are saying!
client list
photos of valerie
av needs and meeting room set-up


videos

valerie’s video clips
5 step bully free at work video ecourse


store
⇒ menupresentations
– valerie’s presentations
– valerie’s video clips
– what clients are saying!
– client list
– speaker packet (pdf)
– request a speaking date
about valerie
– meet valerie
– see valerie on stage!
– what clients are saying!
– client list
– photos of valerie
– av needs and meeting room set-up
videos
– valerie’s video clips
– 5 step bully free at work video ecourse
store












x












































previous
next






to work with valerie or to set up an initial appointment interview contact valerie now
download valerie’s speaker package



 








best seller!
distributed in over 100 countries worldwide
hard cover or ebook!
check it out!







feature blog articles:



workplace bullies vs difficult people: the difference?
two of the top questions we receive are:

how do i know if this is a bully or a difficult person?

how do i approach or confront a bully vs a difficult person?

here’s the…
read more



workplace bullying gossip: what can you do?
gossip. we’ve all heard about it. we’ve all done it. we’ve all been on the receiving end of it too. no one is immune. yes, some are addicted to it and use it as a means of connecting with…
read more



being ignored as a bullying tactic
think of a time when you were ignored. think of how you felt. hurt, sad, puzzled, stressed... did you think, “what’s wrong with me?” or “how come i was left out?” or how about when you were …
read more








see what participants are saying! 

previous
next





valerie is a fantastic speaker! valuable information; provides actual tools to use.
- jn,  supervisor, medical surgery, ontario





very engaging presenter! – relevant and kept the interest of 800 people!
- eh,  chief nurse administrator, la, california





valerie is an engaging speaker who delivers a great message - very humorous as well!
-  rh, ph d. assistant dean,  minneapolis, minnesota





truly a vast source of knowledge about workplace bullying and what to do about it.
- gwp,  director of  it, regina, saskatchewan





appreciated the exceptional delivery and not the boring academic approach – refreshing!
- ceo,  electrical company, ontario





valerie clears up misconceptions about who/what a bully is and how to deal with it.
- js, registered nurse, ottawa, ontario





engaging and the stories were heartfelt and humorous - kept my attention the entire time!
- rh, radiologist, red deer, alberta





valerie’s knowledgeable on the issue; very vibrant; and an outstanding communicator!
ms, administration (hr), lethbridge, alberta





you will enjoy valerie’s session and go home with solutions. excellent applicability!
- tk, dietary services, toronto, ontario





a real eye opener to make a positive change. everyone should experience this session.
- wb, adult day services, thunder bay, ontario





open, honest, real, relevant - valerie understands the real issues at work and what to do.
- fp, chair of  nursing union conference,  ontario





the best i've seen!  valerie has thorough knowledge with a genuine interest to help.
- sb,  hr advisor, oil & gas, calgary, alberta





the best speaker we’ve ever had! great stories for explaining examples for situations.
- chair, home healthcare association, california





there is hope! very empowering information i can use. i feel like i can change my corner of the world.
- ej, assistant to the  dean, virginia




read more reviews




are you being bullied?

take the self test!


articles & tips 

let me read!









see valerie on stage!

connect with valerie+






the bully free at work store:


previous
next





bully free at work (ebook)
you will be emailed your own individual ebook!
$29.95



bully free at work (hardcover)
hardcover – 268 pages 
$29.95



mastering the art of success
 jack canfield / valerie cade mark victor hansen
$19.95



bully free in a box
20 books, dvd & facilitator's guide
$997



bully free at work (dvd)
49 min dvd
$447



how to build trust (dvd)
75min dvd w/ workbook 
$497









on line learning:






have you considered bully free at work’s online learning?
now you can experience bully free at work in an online learning format. perfect for training all of your employees, when you want, as much as you want without missing anyone in attendance. this cost effective training is great for anyone who wants to train his or her entire organization or department in a relevant, engaging and practical way. valerie cade personally delivers the bully free at work online learning…you will be inspired, informed and transformed! 

tell me more...











home
workplace bullying articles & blog
about valerie
presentations
are you being bullied? – self test
see valerie’s video clips
resources for leaders
testimonials
legal forms
valerie’s client list
return to top of page
store
⇒ menuhome
workplace bullying articles & blog
about valerie
presentations
are you being bullied? – self test
see valerie’s video clips
resources for leaders
testimonials
legal forms
valerie’s client list
return to top of page
store




youtube
linkedin
facebook
twitter


bully free at work
click to view phone number
click to view fax number
val@bullyfreeatwork.com
contact valerie










© copyright 2006 - 2025. all rights reserved. bully free at work. a division of the performance curve international





















