







welcome to hawaii! ☀️ 🏝 - welcome to hawaii! ☀️ 🏝












































skip to content






welcome to hawaii! ☀️ 🏝
wanna know where to go, places to visit? here!





menu



home
hotels
what to eat?
covid-19 updates
 





search




search for:









f.a.q.








welcome to hawaii! ☀️ 🏝  
 






 



hotels

halekulani on oahu island in honolulu (waikiki beach) ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐…continue readinghotels







 



what to eat

even in the recent past, hawaiian cuisine was not…continue readingwhat to eat







 



hawaii movie history

with its unearthly landscapes, majestic mountains, lush vegetation and…continue readinghawaii movie history




















what to eat

even in the recent past, hawaiian cuisine was not…continue readingwhat to eat










spa

the peculiarity of the spa treatments in hawaii is…continue readingspa










common advices

what you should pay attention to: tourism in the…continue readingcommon advices














 




volcanoes



due to its geographical location, the hawaiian islands are…continue readingvolcanoes










read more

find out more about island of hawaii






 

nihau island 





 

maui island 





 

molokai island 





 

oahu island 





 

kahoolave island 















 



fun facts 2020-11-242020-11-24

hawaii is the most remote inhabited place on earth:…continue readingfun facts









 



language of hawaii 2020-11-242020-11-24

olelo hawaii hawaiian, or olelo hawaii, is one of…continue readinglanguage of hawaii









 



luau 2020-11-242020-11-24

what is luau? visiting luau is a must for…continue readingluau




















f.a.q.



what’s the weather like in hawaii?the hawaiian islands only have two seasons – summer, from may to october, and winter, from november to april. as the locals say, winter is when it is warm and summer is when it is hot. in other words, the weather is always pleasant here and you can wear a t-shirt and shorts at any time of the year. june and july are usually the driest months on all islands. but even during the winter months, rain and clouds are rare and you can enjoy sunny days enough.
what is the average temperature in hawaii?the average temperature in hawaii is about 26.6 c in summer, and slightly lower in winter – about 23.8 c.when does the sun shine most intensely?the sun shines especially intensely between 10 am and 4 pm. always wear sunscreen with a sun protection rating of at least 15. but the more, the better. and try to avoid being in direct sunlight at lunchtime, especially if your skin is very sensitive.what clothes should i take with me?swimsuit, tank top and shorts are the best choice, regardless of the season. it can get a little chilly in the evenings though, so bring an extra light jacket or long-sleeved t-shirt and pants.which island should i go to?your choice depends entirely on what you want to see and experience. for a visit to the famous waikiki beach, a surfer’s paradise, historic pearl harbor and a place of dining, shopping and an active nightlife, then come to oahu. it is no coincidence that it is called the “meeting place”! here you can find a lot of entertainment, so of all the hawaiian islands, oahu is the most visited.if you are more interested in visiting an active volcano, beaches with black and white sand, and enjoying the vast open spaces – go to hawaii, the big island. if your dream is to spend a relaxing holiday somewhere in the beautiful tropics with deserted sandy beaches, gardens and lush greenery, then kauai is what you need. if you want to see the largest “dormant” volcano in the world – choose maui. you will surely enjoy molokai or lanai if the goal of your trip is unlimited relaxation in an almost deserted place.where can i see active volcanoes and liquid lava?visit the big island volcanoes national park. you can easily see the movement of the lava.on which of the hawaiian islands is waikiki beach and honolulu city located?both waikiki beach and honolulu city are located on the island of oahu.how much money do i need for each day?it depends on the level of luxury of your holiday. but in general, hawaii is one of the most expensive states in the united states. on average, everything costs 30% more than on the mainland. if you are on a tight budget, you can find affordable restaurants and hotels that cost $ 80 or even $ 50 a night. if you decide to cook your own food, then you can find products at discounted prices in supermarkets. remember that in the waikiki area, supermarket prices are much higher. you can find lower prices for groceries in the neighboring areas.
how long to fly to hawaii?the flight from the west coast of the usa to hawaii takes 5-5.5 hours, from the east coast – 13 hours. if you are flying from europe, the entire journey can take from 20 to 48 hours, depending on the number of connections. from japan the flight duration is 6 hours, and the flight from china will take 10 hours.are there sharks in hawaii?yes, there are approximately 40 shark species in the coastal waters of hawaii. of these, about 8 constantly swim near the coast. the most commonly seen sand sharks, hammerhead sharks, reef sharks and tiger sharks.
over 120 businesses have chosen us, including:















we recommend



discover the premier casinos in colombia – engage in top-quality gaming experiences at bestcasinoscolombia.com. explore hundreds of real-money and free slot machines, all complemented by exceptional bonuses!



explore norgecasinohub.com for expert guidance on navigating the world of online casinos and gambling in norway. with this website, access reliable reviews, valuable tips, and the latest insights to enhance your gaming experience.



with state-of-the-art security measures, sol casino ensures the safety and privacy of its users in austarlia, india, new zealand and other countries. this commitment to security is a defining aspect of sol casino’s operating philosophy.



life is too short and we should spend it on traveling instead of other less important things. if you struggle with the research you will definitely benefit from essay generator by bid4papers (one of our honored informational supporters).





update your jeep with our great accessories that are selected and tested with you in mind. visit jeepequipment.com to see our latest range of parts. customize the style and add more capability to increase your jeep ownership experience.



elevate your betting experience with 1win! enjoy fantastic odds, exclusive bonuses, and smooth gameplay.



we at bithound.io review the best gambling sites with bitcoin, including raging bull casino and many other great online casinos, which accept btc.



as the demand for affordable housing in new york city rises, coliving spaces like sharedeasy have emerged as a popular solution, offering communal living in shared apartments across the city. the co-living trend is transforming the housing market in nyc, providing flexible, fully furnished living options, and fostering a sense of community among residents.





recent finding for crypto bands is stake casino – one of the most fast growing sites in bitcoin gambling niche. it offers plenty of games with new fresh releases each week. number of convenient deposit options like fiat cards or crypto coins allow you to enjoy casino gameplay from any travel destination in the world.



for those who love both travel and gaming beep casino 



slot city has an offline casino, there is also an offline casino in the usa. slotsity.ua machines were developed by the world’s leading providers. casino gambling software providers include netent, evolution gaming, novomatic, thunderkick, microgaming, mrslotty, wazdan, amatic, spinomenal.



if you decide to visit australia, then check the list of top casino hotels in australia from katie wager. she is great observer of online casino space. sometimes katie posts such useful short lists


latest news
how to enjoy hawaii without the crowds and find secluded beaches2025-02-05introduction hawaii is a dream destination known for its…continue readinghow to enjoy hawaii without the crowds and find secluded beaches
how to choose the best budget spotting scope for whale watching on hawaii islands?2024-05-15selecting the ideal budget spotting scope for whale watching…continue readinghow to choose the best budget spotting scope for whale watching on hawaii islands?
driving to discover hawaii’s volcanic heritage2024-02-27the hawaiian islands owe their very existence to volcanic…continue readingdriving to discover hawaii’s volcanic heritage
surfing oahu’s legendary north shore waves2024-02-27oahu’s north shore is renowned across the globe as…continue readingsurfing oahu’s legendary north shore waves
volcano luck – betting in the shadow of hawaii’s volcanoes2023-11-22betting in a casino is an exciting and original…continue readingvolcano luck – betting in the shadow of hawaii’s volcanoes
big kahuna jackpots — hawaiian chiefs rule the casinos2023-11-22casino gaming attracts a lot of players. thanks to…continue readingbig kahuna jackpots — hawaiian chiefs rule the casinos
top 8 best web design companies in hawaii2023-10-10introduction in the picturesque paradise of hawaii, where stunning…continue readingtop 8 best web design companies in hawaii
hawaiian culture: traditions and mythology2023-05-04hawaii offers a combination of beautiful natural landscapes and…continue readinghawaiian culture: traditions and mythology
suv rental in hawaii: the do’s and don’ts of exploring the islands2023-03-10if you’re planning a trip to hawaii, you might…continue readingsuv rental in hawaii: the do’s and don’ts of exploring the islands
moving to hawaii – is it right for you?2023-02-17moving to hawaii is a big decision, and it’s…continue readingmoving to hawaii – is it right for you?
how to clean your dryer vent yourself in hawaii & vancouver2023-02-16dryer vent cleaning is an important task that every…continue readinghow to clean your dryer vent yourself in hawaii & vancouver
financing your dream hawaiian vacation2023-02-16hawaii is an incredibly popular vacation destination for its…continue readingfinancing your dream hawaiian vacation
best hawaiian dishes2022-06-09hawaiian meal is a fusion of flavors that draw…continue readingbest hawaiian dishes
how to spend time in hawaii?2022-06-09hawaii is the ideal location to unwind, relax and…continue readinghow to spend time in hawaii?
unknown traditions in hawaii2022-06-02there’s no doubt that hawaii is one of the…continue readingunknown traditions in hawaii
the biggest differences between australia & hawaii2022-06-02the first difference that you’ll notice is the size.…continue readingthe biggest differences between australia & hawaii
why your first big trip should be to an island2022-01-04vacation is probably the most long-awaited time of the…continue readingwhy your first big trip should be to an island
how car stereo makes your journey more interesting and enjoyable2022-01-04while on the road, we encounter different scenery and…continue readinghow car stereo makes your journey more interesting and enjoyable
top honeymoon destinations in hawaii in 20212021-12-15a honeymoon in hawaii is a great way to…continue readingtop honeymoon destinations in hawaii in 2021
three best mattress stores in hawaii2021-12-15hawaii is a perfect place, many of us consider…continue readingthree best mattress stores in hawaii
playamo or bitstarz casino: which is the better online casino2021-12-15when it comes to online casinos, there are many…continue readingplayamo or bitstarz casino: which is the better online casino
 













new posts


how to enjoy hawaii without the crowds and find secluded beaches


how to choose the best budget spotting scope for whale watching on hawaii islands?


driving to discover hawaii’s volcanic heritage


surfing oahu’s legendary north shore waves


volcano luck – betting in the shadow of hawaii’s volcanoes


 

wanna dive in? get ready to diving’! waioka pond, maui
also known as venus pool, maui’s waioka pond off the road to hana is easy to miss unless you’re looking for it. after parking, you follow a worn trail through tall grass and past a couple fences for about 2 miles to find a dazzling, secluded freshwater swimming hole, perfect for cliff jumping.

 






				copyright © 2025 welcome to hawaii! ☀️ 🏝  | jetblack by firefly themes  
 







scroll up












