



      the chalice well trust
    

















































home

about us

about us
the chalice well ethos
what is at the sanctuary?
retreat house and meeting room
chalice well gardens



visiting

our history

our history
a brief history of chalice well
wellesley tudor pole



getting involved

getting involved
companions
volunteering
work for us!



essences

essences
essences information
workshops



chalice well shop

contact us

online shop

events
















search





search















hello guest


create account
|
log in


my account
|
log out


0
view basket
your basket is empty






































search













next events:   spring equinox 20 march 2025 world water day 22 march thursday companions meditations  




















  chalice well is an ancient holy well surrounded by a beautiful garden. it has been a place of pilgrimage for thousands of years. we are a world peace garden and the sacred waters with their unique vibration, flow through the tranquil garden. we invite all people whatever their spiritual path, religious belief, age or gender, to honour and celebrate nature and our part in the continuing evolution of this unique and beautiful planet; in peace, unity and co-creation with all life on earth.  from 1 october, gates open at 10am and gates close at 4:30pm every day (last entry at 4pm) click here for visiting    chalice well water is freely available in the garden from the lion's head fountain and also from wellhouse lane opposite the white spring 










our aim is to be a place to heal mind and body through the agency of the spirit with the co-operation of nature. a place to nurture a growing sense of unity, in every phase of life.  to create conditions where love can manifest in act and word. 


 





the chalice well trust “many paths one source”  these words are written into the hearts of those who care for chalice well. the third objective in our articles of association is: “(3) to advance religious and spiritual activities and permit members of the public of all religious and spiritual paths to take advantage of such facilities as the chalice well trust can offer for pilgrimage, quiet contemplation and healing;”  we welcome all benign beliefs and exclude none and will always honour “many paths one source”. in these times of deep division, injustice and dissent it is ever more important that we hold fast to our ethos, despite all pressures, and calmly and with trust “hold the space” that is chalice well. we unreservedly thank all who follow this path.  ls 28.06.2024  

















   








“there is no power on earth that can withstand the united cooperation on spiritual levels of men and women of goodwill everywhere.”  wellesley tudor pole, 1960 | founder of chalice well trust 





   
































 











at the foot of glastonbury tor within a sacred garden 


the chalice well and the main gardens are enfolded in the vale between chalice hill and the tor and the garden’s landscape (or aspect) naturally rises upward from the bottom of the garden toward the well head at the top.  the gardens progress from the open space of the lower lawns following the course of the waters to their source.  it is a garden of many ‘rooms’ each with different qualities, features and planting, but all combine to create a living sanctuary of healing, sanctity and peace.  the chalice well trust own copyright to the name of chalice well. we do not licence the use of the name, the logo or symbol under any circumstances. we do not allow any individual or business to use chalice well on products for commercial gain, as this would imply that we have agreed to their production, creation, manufacture, including ingredients, quality, safety and use, amongst other considerations.   








at chalice well we observe a silent minute every day at 12pm and 3pm s a way of offering our energy together for the highest good. wellesley tudor pole suggests the words "here am i, send me", offered in selfless service. the seeds of the silent minute were sown in 1917 when tudor pole was about to go into battle. his somerset companion officer told him he would survive and the world would go on to an even greater conflict where people who had died in world war one would help the forces of light during the second world war with a spiritual weapon.  this spiritual weapon was the silent minute, inaugurated by tudor pole. at 9pm each evening the bbc broadcast would fall silent and up to 10 million people around the world would observea minute of  silence. tudor pole understood that this silence creates a united and harmonious channel through which can pass strength and guidance. many people worldwide still observe this minute and  the silent minute is once again being observed on a large scale.  ‘there is no power on earth that can withstand the united co-operation on spiritual levels of men and women of goodwill everywhere.’ wtp for more information see: thesilentminute.org.uk globalsilentminute.org 








 































whether visiting for an hour, a day or a week a place of quiet retreat 


many people visit the gardens to experience the peace and unique atmosphere here. visitors often speak of a sense of crossing a threshold and leaving the everyday behind. 










sometimes just an hour spent in the gardens can be enough. but for those looking for a longer retreat or more personal experience, we offer a number of ways you can benefit from the peace and spiritually rejuvenating energies of chalice well.  for a longer stay, we have our retreat house, little st michael's. this can be booked by room or, for groups, as a whole, for companions of the well. guests staying in the house have 24-hour access to the gardens; there is nothing else like the quiet of the gardens in the evening. 




we also have a light and airy, wood framed meeting room for holding meetings or workshops. adjoined to little st michael's, the meeting room is perfectly situated for groups who wish to include workshops as part of their stay.  private access gives you exclusive access to the gardens, outside public opening times. either as an individual, a group simply wishing to enjoy the gardens or for celebrating and honouring a particular moment in life’s journey, you can book the gardens for a couple of hours, before we open or after we close. 




 























   


retreat house & meeting room 


our beautiful retreat house little st. michael's is available for companions. open for individual and group bookings, it is an ideal setting for retreats, pilgrimages and sacred tours. we hold all of our spaces in a manner that preserves the peace and sanctity of this much loved sacred site, therefore all are free from mobile phone/laptop use and there is no smoking, meat or fish in the house. 


for more information on our retreat house and meeting room please click below:  group booking brochure individual booking brochure meeting room brochure 





events, workshops & retreats 


our annual programme of events honours the seasons in nature which fall on days celebrated since ancient times. they are grounded in the common principles of community, stillness, blessing, communion, reflection, gratitude and celebration. that people gather together in a beautiful garden allows a shared acknowledgement of the sacred and the divine that transcends borders and differences. for details of our upcoming events please see our events information 





   


 


 
































   















a place within which to experience peace and from which to take peace into the world 



contact us














   


























  








“the more love we reflect and share with one another, the greater will be the supply available to us: a supply that is infinite, boundless, never failing and eternal. when the truth of this realisation is recognised and utilised we shall be on the first lap of the road leading to the arrival of “heaven on earth”.  wellesley tudor pole, founder of chalice well trust, from his booklet ‘god is love’. 





  

























chalice well shop  winter hours 1 october-31 march 10:00am to 4pm summer hours 1 april-30 september 10:30am to 5:30pm  


the shop at the chalice well provides a beautiful and peaceful environment to browse a wide range of books, crystals, jewellery, essences and other items which allows the visitor to take a piece of the well away with them – ensuring that the connection with the well can always be maintained directly.  it’s the ideal place to find the perfect gift for yourself, friends or family, and is a perfect way of finishing up your visit to the well where you can talk to our friendly and knowledgeable staff team. our on-line shop allows you to purchase many of the items available in our shop, 24 hours a day from wherever you are in the world. perfect for those people who aren’t able to get to the well in person on a frequent basis. 


visit our online shop




























            










        


visiting   


        














        


retreat house & meeting room  


        










            














            










        


events   


        














        


chalice well essences 


        










            














            










        


online shop   


        




















        


visiting   


        












        


retreat spaces 


        










        


events   


        












        


chalice well essences 


        










        


online shop   


        





























home visiting who we are and what we stand for what is at the sanctuary? the retreat essences 




chalice well gardens a short history of chalice well wellesley tudor pole events contact us essences workshops 






01458 831154 info@chalicewell.org.uk  chalice well trust, 85-89 chilkwell street, glastonbury ba6 8dd vat no. 771 5309 28 registered charity no. 1147343 limited company: 08048023 




email signup to receive updates from the well 



please leave blank:






first name:







last name:







email:







please confirm:



please send me regular emails







send















visit the chalice well trust on facebook 

















visit the chalice well shop on facebook 

















follow us on instagram 

















privacy | cookies 




website design bristol — by it’seeze 








      our site uses cookies. for more information, see our cookie policy.
      accept cookies and close

reject cookies
manage settings





