
























toledo bend gallery - toledo-bend.us
toledo bend lake photo gallery - texas & louisiana










 



 








gallery



home page


sub-galleries


aerial views 


birds


butterfllies / moths 


critters


don't bug me!


giga-gallery


scenic - activities - etc


wildflowers


miscellaneous








check it out 









vintage cigarette lighters & ashtrays 



frank dutton world travel photos 







other


about toledo-bend gallery & equipment 


awards


links


thanks



search


translate










































this site is best viewed at 1024x768 or higher resolution 





welcome to toledo-bend.us

toledo bend lake photo gallery

pictures from the whole toledo bend lake area
each of the gallery pages contains a selection of thumbnail images. click on any image for an enlarged version that opens within the window - if the enlargement is too big for the window, you can move it around with your mouse cursor.

toledo bend gallery

this  is a gallery of pictures taken by webmaster (frank dutton) around the toledo bend lake area.
 we generally add updates at least once a month - though that can depend on what i've had time to photograph and what i could find!
              our mission is to provide as wide a selection as possible of nature photos from this area for your enjoyment. we try to provide pictures that are both artistic for your enjoyment as well as informative for those of our visitors who are using them as reference for identification - just as we use a number of different perspectives of a given species to aid in its identification. if you find any mistakes or wish to offer help on our unidentified species, we will greatly appreciate hearing from you. 

are you getting the picture?

this image is from dpreview.com (excellent place for photo equipment reviews / information). to get the most out of an image, a monitor should be calibrated. on my monitors, i can make out the difference between all 26 bands of this image. at minimum, to get a really good look at images, you should be able to differentiate at least between a, b, c and x, y, z.
 

frank dutton's photos have been used by:



smithsonian institution: national museum of natural history


south toledo bend state park - visitors' center


grand marais, mn - chik-wauk museum & nature center 


lake fort smith, arkansas - visitors' center


kodiak, alaska - visitor's center


jordan lake state recreation center, north carolina


newport beach california visitors' center


sra texas annual report


louisiana sportsman magazine


boating life magazine


bird watchers' digest


thunder press


offshore frontiers magazine


city social (baton rouge) magazine


texas taks study guide grade 8 science


shelby savings bank - hemphill, tx


adventure publications - wildflowers of the carolinas - july, 2008


the sabine index newspaper 


the sabine county reporter newspaper 


the lakecaster magazine 


children's science magazine (singapore/hong kong)


first baptist church of many - billboard 


shelby savings bank - center, tx 


whiteshell echo (winnipeg, manitoba, canada))


sabine county chamber of commerce - 2011 membership directory 


west baton rouge parish library 


adventure publications - wildflowers of the southeast - october, 2012


sabine parish tourism commission - a visitor's guide to toledo bend lake country


peoples state bank 100th anniversary calendar  









visit toledo-bend.com for complete information on the whole toledo bend lake area - vintage cigarette lighters: http://www.toledo-bend.us/vcl/ 




















    
  	
home page    
		aerial views     
		birds    
		butterfllies / moths     
		critters    
		don't bug me!    
		giga-gallery    
		scenic - activities - etc    
		wildflowers    
		miscellaneous    
		about toledo-bend gallery & equipment   
		 awards    
		 links    
		 site map    
		 thanks    
		 search
   

frank dutton - travel photos 







photo copyright / terms of use   website terms of use / disclaimer   privacy policy / c.o.p.p.a. 






copyright© 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 by frank dutton, 
            slidell, la 70460 - all rights reserved - fdutton@toledo-bend.us
            thiis site is owned and operated by frank dutton, 1605 saint christopher st., slidell, la 70460  
please feel free to link to this page.

  









            2010-11-24 

  
 
 







