




unity theatre – brenham, tx

















































 








skip to content




 

home
tickets

subscriptions
individual tickets
players club


special events

gala
washington county read
spring fundraiser
snow white goes west
chat with the cast
meet the directors


education

homeschool acting classes
summer drama camp
scholarships
play reading club
private coaching
chat with the cast
meet the directors
take a tour
artist connect
partners for p.e.a.c.e.
volunteer & learn


support unity

circle membership
volunteer & learn
corporate sponsorship
advertise in our playbills
tribute & memorial gifts
estate and planned giving
take a seat campaign
contribute to the endowment
partner in education
players club


visitor services

area attractions and events
area dining
preferred lodging partners


about unity

a brief history
production history
board of directors and staff
employment




 








menu




type and press enter to search










 














 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 



 
















			buy tickets		






			make a donation		



join us for unity theatre's spectacular 30th birthday season!
 
step into a world of laughter, drama, and excitement with live theatre at unity theatre. located in a beautifully renovated warehouse in brenham’s historic downtown, we are proud to provide professional theatre in washington county. our talented team of actors, directors, designers, and technicians from across the nation ensures an unparalleled theatrical experience just for you.
each year, we present four main stage productions, two studio series plays, children’s theatre, arts education programs, and community outreach initiatives. unity theatre is dedicated to bringing you top-tier comedy, drama, and musicals—offering big-city entertainment with the charm of a small town.



subscriptions for the 2024-2025 season are now closed, but we’re already gearing up for the announcement of our exciting 2025-2026 season! in the meantime, individual tickets for each production go on sale to the public a couple of weeks before opening night. be sure to check the link below each show for ticket sale dates and secure your seats!

main stage

















			
			this show has taken its final bow!		





			
			this show has taken its final bow!		








carrie watts embarks on one last journey to her beloved hometown, bountiful, texas, in this heartfelt exploration of the meaning of 'home'.






three spirited women chase their dreams to nashville, belting out 30 classic country tunes in this foot-stomping musical comedy by the creator of "always, patsy cline".



			
			more information		





			
			more information		



studio series






a liberal harvard law graduate clashes with conservative supreme court justice antonin scalia, leading to unexpected mentorship and an exploration of how we can find common ground amidst ideological divides.






follow the comic and heartfelt journey of edward and allison, two unlikely friends navigating a 'he said - she said' love and friendship adventure spanning two decades, in this charming romantic comedy.



			
			more information		





			
			more information		



children's summer musical






it’s snow white with a stetson! prepare for a wild ride through the california gold rush, in this rambunctious, tongue-in-cheek retelling of the timeless classic.




			more information		








we'd like to gratefully acknowledge our generous 2024-2025 season corporate sponsors:






























if you'd like information about becoming a corporate sponsor, please visit our "support unity" page. thank you! 




arts affiliations and memberships:unity theatre is supported in part by awards from the texas commission on the arts, the arts council of brazos valley, and the national endowment for the arts. to find out more about how national endowment for the arts grants impact individuals and communities, visit www.arts.gov. 

memberships : arts council of brazos valley, brazos valley theatre collective, chappell hill chamber of commerce, houston theatre alliance, round top chamber of commerce, texas non-profit theatres, washington county chamber of commerce.
























 








our locationunity theatre
300 church st.
brenham, tx 77833contact usbox office: 979-830-8358
box office hours: mon-fri 10am - 2pm
administrative: 979-830-1460
administrative hours: mon-fri 10am  - 4pm
social media



 



 



 


 




2025 © unity theatre – brenham, txtheme by siteorigin 





scroll to top




























