



















macrumors: apple news and rumors





















macrumorsskip to contentgot a tip for us?let us know

a. send us an email
b. anonymous form
close


podcastinstagramfacebooktwittermastodonyoutubenotificationsrssnewsletteropen menufront page roundups show roundupsairpods 4airpods maxairpods proapple dealsapple payapple pro display xdrapple studio displayapple tvapple vision proapple watch 10apple watch seapple watch ultra 2carplayhomepodhomepod miniimacios 18ios 19ipadipad air ipad miniipad proipados 18iphone 14iphone 15iphone 16iphone 16 proiphone 17iphone 17 airiphone 17 proiphone semac minimac promac studiomacbook airmacbook promacos sequoiavisionos 2watchos 11wwdc 2025guideshow tosreviewsbuyer's guideforumspodcastinstagramfacebooktwittermastodonyoutubenotificationsrssnewslettervisit forumssearchclose searchopen sidebarwwdc 2025iphone 17 airiphone 17 proiphone 17macbook proiphone 16iphone 16 proios 18apple vision promac miniimacipados 18macos sequoiavisionos 2watchos 11homepodapple tvipad proairpods 4apple watch ultra 2ipadiphone 15apple pro display xdrhomepod minimac promacbook airairpods maxairpods proapple dealsapple studio displayapple watch semac studioipad air ipad miniiphone seios 19iphone 14apple watch 10carplayapple payall >front page roundups guideshow tosreviewsbuyer's guideupcoming productsforumsarchivestips / contact uspodcastinstagramfacebooktwittermastodonyoutubenotificationsrssnewsletter️️'apple launch' february 19!move leftthe macrumors show: apple teases its next major product launchtop stories: 'apple launch' next week, powerbeats pro 2 debut, and moreapple's next iphone se launching on wednesday - here's what we knowapple intelligence siri overhaul could get delayedbest apple deals of the week: presidents' day deals arrive for ipad, macbook air, airpods, and much morereview: benq pd2730s 5k designer monitor – a studio display alternative that doesn't break the bankiphone 17 air could look like this in real lifeiphone 17 pro with all-new camera bar design allegedly revealedwhat to expect from the 'apple launch' next weekapple working on new 27-inch mini-led studio displaysamsung kicks off presidents' day sale with major discounts on tvs, monitors, and moretim cook teases an 'apple launch' next wednesdayapple tv+ app now available on androidtesting the new asus proart 5k displayapple begins selling refurbished m4 macsamazon has all-time low prices on apple pencil pro ($99) and airtag 4-pack ($69.99)get apple's 13-inch m2 macbook air for just $749 during best buy's presidents' day salepowerbeats pro 2 debut with heart rate monitoring, h2 chip, active noise cancellation, and moreapple's latest updates re-enable apple intelligence on some devicesmacbook air to get more advanced lcd panel before transition to oledmove leftmove leftdon’t be stupid and ignore the heart warnings - writing this from the hospital right nowupgrade to ip 16 only because of apple intelligence, worth it?anybody still rocking an iphone 13pm?imac pro will not start after rebuildhow much unified memory to get?organizing external hdd/ssd devices.considering switching to a santos. thoughts?new m4 mini problem with dual monitorscant get applecare+ with the iphone 16 pro anymore?so is it completely idiotic to buy a m1 max/ultra mac studio now?move rightiphone design to change 'significantly' this yearmonday february 17, 2025 7:09 am pst by hartley charltonapple is set to "significantly change" the iphone's design language later this year, according to a weibo leaker.
in a new post, the user known "digital chat station" said that the ‌iphone‌'s design is "starting to change significantly" this year. the "iphone 17 air" reportedly features a "horizontal, bar-shaped" design on the rear, likely referring to an elongated camera bump. on the other hand, the pro models purportedly adopt a "large horizontal matrix design."
last week, leaker jon prosser a shared render of the iphone 17 pro. the ‌iphone 17 pro‌'s three rear cameras will apparently be arranged in a familiar triangular layout, but housed in an all-new rectangular bar that extends all the way across the back of the device. the ultra-thin "‌iphone 17 air‌" is also rumored to feature a horizontal rear camera bar.
the first major rumor about the iphone 17 lineup's design changes came from the information's wayne ma, who said in november last year that the rear of the ‌‌iphone 17 pro‌‌ models will feature a new part-aluminum, part-glass design. the top half of the back will be made of aluminum and feature a "rectangular camera bump made of aluminum rather than traditional 3d glass," while the bottom half will continue to be made of glass to support wireless charging. this new aluminum camera bump will also be larger than that of previous models.
the new weibo post also referred to an impending "large foldable model," which should increase competition in the market. the account has previously posted accurate information about the iphone 12 mini's display, iphone 15's upgraded sensor, and iphone 16 pro size increases. the ‌iphone 17‌ lineup is expected to debut as usual in the fall.
related roundup: iphone 17 protag: digital chat stationshow full article98 commentsmacos tip: set up and control hot corners with modifier keysmonday february 17, 2025 7:05 am pst by tim hardwickin macos, the hot corners feature turns each of the four corners of your screen into a designated action, allowing you to quickly access certain functions built into the system, such as mission control, notification center, the screen saver, quicknote, and more. many mac users would agree, there's something satisfying about bringing up these commonly used functions with a simple, swift cursor movement. 
 what isn't so satisfying, however, is accidentally triggering a hot corner, which can lead to all kinds of unintended desktop behavior - like application windows flying all over the place. this can happen when you lose track of the mouse cursor, or when you're working within the confines of a smaller macbook screen. thankfully, there's a way to tame wayward hot corners using modifier keys. here's how.
➜ click here to read more...show full article11 commentsget apple watch solo loop for $19.99 and braided solo loop for $29.99 in woot's sale (up to 70% off)monday february 17, 2025 6:56 am pst by mitchel broussardlast month, woot introduced a massive sale on the braided solo loop and solo loop bands for apple watch, and the sale is now back for the month of february. all bands are in brand new condition and come with a one year apple limited warranty.
note: macrumors is an affiliate partner with woot. when you click a link and make a purchase, we may receive a small payment, which helps us keep the site running.
you can get the solo loop for just $19.99 ($29 off) and the braided solo loop for $29.99 ($69 off).  because the sale has been going on for a while now, some colors and sizes of the solo loop and braided solo loop are selling out, so be sure to place your order soon if you want one of these cheap bands.


up to 70% off
apple watch bands at woot

shoppers should note that this sale is focused on colors of the braided solo loop and solo loop that apple has stopped selling, and it doesn't include any of the new band colors. that being said, all of the bands in this sale are in new condition.
the entire sale is focused on solo loop and braided solo loop apple watch bands, so you'll need to know the size that works best for you before you buy. apple has a measurement tool on its website that you can use to determine your exact size.

solo loop

black/white hues - $19.99, down from $49.00
blue hues - $19.99, down from $49.00
green hues - $19.99, down from $49.00
purple hues - $19.99, down from $49.00
red/orange/yellow hues - $19.99, down from $49.00

braided solo loop

black/white hues - $29.99, down from $99.00
blue hues - $29.99, down from $99.00
green hues - $29.99, down from $99.00
purple hues - $29.99, down from $99.00
red/orange/yellow hues - $29.99, down from $99.00
pride - $29.99, down from $99.00

 if you're on the hunt for more discounts, be sure to visit our apple deals roundup where we recap the best apple-related bargains of the past week.




deals newsletter
interested in hearing more about the best deals you can find in 2025? sign up for our deals newsletter and we'll keep you updated so you don't miss the biggest deals of the season!







related roundup: apple dealsshow full article3 commentsios 18.5 already in testing as apple intelligence features for siri potentially delayedmonday february 17, 2025 5:46 am pst by joe rossignolapple's software engineers have been internally testing ios 18.5 since at least the start of february, according to the macrumors visitor logs.
ordinarily, the presence of ios 18.5 in our logs would not be remarkable. however, bloomberg's mark gurman last week reported that apple was considering delaying or limiting at least some of its promised apple intelligence enhancements for siri until ios 18.5, due to the presence of bugs and other software engineering issues.
the new apple intelligence features for siri were originally expected to debut with ios 18.4, according to gurman. the enhancements include on-screen awareness, understanding of a user's personal context, and deeper per-app controls. for example, during its wwdc 2024 keynote, apple showed an iphone user asking siri about their mother's flight and lunch reservation plans based on info from the mail and messages apps.
the first ios 18.4 beta is expected to be released this week. gurman said it is still possible that at least some of the apple intelligence features for siri will be included in ios 18.4, but they could be turned off by default. even still, it is possible that the features might not be added until later ios 18.4 beta versions, buying apple more time.
following the beta testing period, apple's website suggests that ios 18.4 will be released in april, but it is unclear if that timeframe will shift due to the reported bugs and potential delays with the apple intelligence for siri rollout.
the first ios 18.5 beta should arrive in april, and that update would likely be released in may, based on the typical ios release schedule.
apple intelligence requires an iphone 15 pro, iphone 15 pro max, or any iphone 16 model.
related roundups: ios 18, ipados 18tags: apple intelligence  guide, siri  guiderelated forums: ios 18, ipados 18show full article64 commentsiphone 16e to debut wednesday? apple's budget iphone may get a new namemonday february 17, 2025 3:54 am pst by tim hardwickapple's upcoming budget iphone might not be called the iphone se 4 after all, with bloomberg's mark gurman lending credence to rumors of a potential name change for the device being unveiled this wednesday.
in his latest power on newsletter, gurman mentions apple ceo tim cook's recent social media announcement about a new product unveiling on february 19, in which cook teased the "newest member of the family." according to gurman, this phrasing seems to imply that apple plans to position the device as a fresh addition to the lineup rather than a continuation of the se series.
the statement adds weight to recent claims from leakers that apple could brand the device as "iphone 16e" instead of iphone se 4. gurman doesn't explicitly confirm this naming scheme (or potential variations of it) but he is surely aware of the rumors, and notes that a new name "makes complete sense" given the dramatic overhaul the budget iphone is receiving. so we could indeed see an iphone 16e, iphone 16e, iphone 16 se, or something else, depending on what branding apple has decided to go with.
the device is expected to adopt an iphone 14-style design with a 6.1-inch oled display, face id, an action button, and significant internal upgrades including a new apple-designed 5g modem, 8gb of ram, and the same a18 chip found in the iphone 16 series. the a18 chip inclusion in particular is a major departure from previous se models, which typically recycled older iphone designs and technology. it also means the device will support apple intelligence, bringing flagship performance at a much more affordable ~$500 price.
if accurate, the rebranding would mark the end of the iphone se line, which has served as apple's budget offering since 2016. the move could indicate apple's intention to bring its affordable iphone into the flagship fold, both in terms of features and marketing.
the new budget iphone is expected to be announced via press release on wednesday, february 19, with pre-orders likely following shortly after.
related roundup: iphone setag: mark gurmanbuyer's guide: iphone se (don't buy)related forum: iphoneshow full article77 commentsmacbook pro now expected to get m5 chip before ipad promonday february 17, 2025 2:50 am pst by tim hardwickapple will bring its next-generation m5 chip to the macbook pro in the fall, followed by the ipad pro in the first half of 2026, according to bloomberg's mark gurman.gurman's latest claim flips the previously expected order of devices to transition from m4 to m5 chips, which was based on last year's m4 product launch order. apple first introduced its m4 chip in an updated ipad pro in may 2024, followed by the macbook pro in october, but it sounds like apple will deviate from that timeline this time around. 
before the release of m5 macbook pro models, gurman says that apple will launch updates to the mac studio and mac pro using its current generation m4 chip series. those machines could arrive around apple's annual worldwide developers conference in june 2025.
the m5 series is expected to feature an enhanced arm architecture and is reportedly being manufactured using tsmc's advanced 3-nanometer process technology. apple's decision to forgo tsmc's more advanced 2nm process for the m5 chip is believed to be due to cost considerations. however, the high-end versions of the m5 will still feature significant advancements over their m4 equivalents, mainly through the adoption of tsmc's system on integrated chip (soic) technology.
this 3d chip-stacking approach vertically stacks the chips, which enhances thermal management and reduces electrical leakage compared to traditional 2d designs. apple is said to have expanded its cooperation with tsmc on the next-generation hybrid soic package, which also combines thermoplastic carbon fiber composite molding technology.
references to what are believed to be apple's m5 chip have already been discovered in official apple code. according to one report, thanks to its dual-use soic design, apple also plans to deploy the m5 chip within its ai server infrastructure to bolster ai capabilities across both consumer devices and cloud services.
related roundup: ipad protag: mark gurmanbuyer's guide: ipad pro (neutral)show full article59 commentsgurman: m4 macbook air models to launch by march 'at the latest'monday february 17, 2025 2:30 am pst by tim hardwickapple will begin selling new macbook air models featuring its latest m4 chip by march "at the latest," mirroring the time frame of the m3 macbook air launch last year, according to bloomberg's mark gurman. apple last updated the macbook air line in march 2024.
gurman's comments appeared in his latest power on newsletter, suggesting the reporter is no further forward on learning the exact release timing of new 13-inch and 15-inch macbook air models. six days ago gurman claimed that the machines would be introduced "within weeks."
a launch has been thought to be imminent for a while now. in fact, it was originally rumored to be planned as apple's first hardware launch of the year. however, that is now likely to be the iphone se 4, which is expected to be announced on wednesday.
apple inadvertently confirmed the upcoming m4 ‌macbook air‌ machines back in december when the macos sequoia 15.2 software update included files for unreleased "mac16,12" and "mac16,13" machines. the files referenced the "‌‌macbook air‌‌ (13-inch, m4, 2025)" and the "‌‌macbook air‌‌ (15-inch, m4, 2025)."
since then, we've just been waiting for the new ‌macbook air‌ models to launch. as gurman pointed out last week, existing stock of the m3 ‌macbook air‌ models is dwindling, suggesting new models should be arriving soon.
related roundup: macbook airtag: mark gurmanbuyer's guide: 15" macbook air (don't buy), 13" macbook air (don't buy)related forum: macbook airshow full article47 commentspro display xdr 2 and larger imac: here's what the latest rumors saysunday february 16, 2025 7:55 am pst by joe rossignolin his power on newsletter today, bloomberg's mark gurman briefly touched on the future of the pro display xdr and a larger imac.
this comes amid rumors of a new studio display with mini-led backlighting launching by 2026.
below, we recap the latest rumors.

pro display xdr 2
released in december 2019, the pro display xdr features a 32-inch screen with led backlighting, 6k resolution, a 60hz refresh rate, p3 wide color, up to 1,600 nits of brightness, a thunderbolt 3 port, and three usb-c ports. in the u.s., the pro display xdr starts at $4,999, while the optional pro stand costs $999 extra.
gurman today said a new pro display xdr is currently "less of a priority for apple" as an expensive, niche product.
in 2022, he said that apple was working on an updated version of the pro display xdr with an apple silicon chip, but it is unclear if that remains the company's plan as of today. in apple's studio display, an a13 bionic chip powers features such as center stage camera framing for video calls, spatial audio, and siri voice commands.
while no other features have been rumored for the next pro display xdr, customers are hopeful for a camera, speakers, and a higher refresh rate.

larger imac
it has been nearly three years since apple discontinued the 27-inch imac, as part of its move away from intel processors. since then, the 24-inch imac has been apple's only all-in-one desktop computer, with no larger model available.
will a larger imac ever make a comeback? gurman today merely said that apple will "probably eventually get around" to it.
it might not be another 27-inch imac, specifically, though.
in november 2023, apple announced that it had no plans to release a new version of the 27-inch imac with an apple silicon chip at that time. instead, apple recommended pairing its standalone studio display with a mac studio or mac mini.
but an even larger imac could materialize one day.
in late 2023, both gurman and apple supply chain analyst ming-chi kuo said apple was developing a 32-inch imac for release in late 2024 or in 2025. kuo said the larger imac's screen would feature mini-led backlighting, which would allow for increased brightness, higher contrast ratio, and other benefits compared to lcd technology.
the late 2024 window has now passed, but a 2025 launch is still on the table, perhaps. gurman's latest update on the larger imac is vague, though.
related roundups: imac, apple pro display xdr, apple studio displaytag: mark gurmanbuyer's guide: imac (buy now)related forums: imac, mac accessoriesshow full article98 commentsapple maps might start showing adssunday february 16, 2025 7:22 am pst by joe rossignolapple is "exploring" the idea of showing search ads in the apple maps app, according to bloomberg's mark gurman.
back in 2022, gurman said software engineering was "already underway" to display ads in the apple maps app, but apple did not move forward with the idea at the time. today, he said apple is "giving this notion more thought" again.
this time around, he said apple has yet to start engineering work, so ads in the apple maps app might still be a ways away.
ads in the apple maps app would not be the traditional banner ads that you see on websites, but rather paid search results. for example, a fast food chain could pay apple to appear near the top of the results when a user searches for "burgers" or "fries." many similar apps already offer search ads, including google maps, waze, and yelp.
apple already displays search ads in the app store, allowing developers to pay to promote their apps to users who search for relevant keywords.
ads in the apple maps app would further boost apple's services revenue.
tags: apple maps, mark gurmanshow full article384 commentsapple is 'ramping up' work on a new studio displaysunday february 16, 2025 6:43 am pst by joe rossignolapple is "ramping up" work on a new studio display, according to bloomberg's mark gurman.
in his power on newsletter today, gurman said the new studio display "should arrive by 2026," alongside macs with m5 chips.
the new studio display will have a similar design as the current model, including a 27-inch screen size, according to gurman.
the new display is codenamed j427 within apple, he added.
gurman did not reveal any new features or changes planned for the next studio display. last week, however, display industry analyst ross young said apple was developing a new 27-inch display with mini-leds that could launch in late 2025 or early 2026. young believes this display could be a new studio display with mini-led backlighting.
mini-led technology would provide benefits such as increased brightness and higher contrast ratio compared to the current studio display with leds.
apple released the studio display in march 2022, alongside the mac studio. it has a 5k resolution, a 60hz refresh rate, up to 600 nits brightness, a camera and speakers, one thunderbolt 3 port, and three usb-c ports. u.s. pricing starts at $1,599.
related roundups: apple pro display xdr, apple studio displaytag: mark gurmanrelated forum: mac accessoriesshow full article89 commentsapple is now selling a refurbished mac mini for just $319 (!)saturday february 15, 2025 9:58 am pst by joe rossignola few days ago, we reported that apple's refurbished mac mini pricing had a problem, and it appears that apple has taken note.
apple was offering a refurbished mac mini with the m2 chip, 16gb of ram, and 256gb of storage for $559, which was $50 more than a refurbished mac mini with the m4 chip, 16gb of ram, and 256gb of storage. all other key specifications were equal.
that's no longer the case.
as noted by tech god on x, apple has since revised its refurbished mac mini pricing, and the latest prices are quite impressive. in the u.s., you can now get a refurbished mac mini with the m2 chip, 8gb of ram, and 256gb of storage for just $319. and the model that previously cost $559 is now priced at $459.
problem solved.
related roundup: mac minitag: apple refurbished productsbuyer's guide: mac mini (buy now)related forum: mac minishow full article164 comments10+ announcements apple could have rolled into a february eventsaturday february 15, 2025 8:00 am pst by hartley charltonapple appears to have enough upcoming product announcements to justify a full event this month, yet all signs indicate these reveals will be handled through a series of press releases instead.
there are a multitude of rumors from reliable sources about specific announcements in the coming weeks, so here's everything that apple could have feasibly included in a hypothetical february event:


ios 18.4 preview (beta expected next week)
new iphone 16 color option
iphone se (fourth generation)
apple's first custom modem chip (debuting in ‌iphone se‌)
ipad (11th generation, a17 pro or a18)
ipad air (11- and 13-inch, m3 or m4)
redesigned magic keyboard for ‌ipad air‌
macbook air (13- and 15-inch, m4)
airtag (second-generation)
vision pro-related announcement (hardware refresh to add the m5 chip with apple intelligence support, a price drop, a significant software update, or something else)
apple command center smart home hub preview (launch later in 2025)

tim cook's recent social media teaser for an apple "launch" on february 19 is widely expected to relate to the fourth-generation ‌iphone se‌. while the post confirms at least one product unveiling, it also suggests the company will not be holding a full-fledged event in the next few weeks.
historically, apple has used press releases to introduce products when the updates are more iterative, but the company has also hosted entire events for relatively modest announcements, such as the "scary fast" event in october 2023, which only saw the reveal of the m3 macbook pro and imac models. 
several new devices are widely expected to be announced soon, including the fourth-generation ‌iphone se‌, the new ‌macbook air‌ with the m4 chip, and updated ‌ipad air‌ and entry-level ‌ipad‌ models. bloomberg's mark gurman says that the m4 ‌macbook air‌ should launch within weeks, while apple's supply chain has been preparing for the arrival of new ipads. software references have already confirmed the existence of many of these products, so launch is almost certainly right around the corner.
apple has occasionally held february events, but they are rare. in recent years, the company has preferred march for spring product announcements, as seen with the 2022 event that introduced the green iphone 13, third-generation ‌iphone se‌, mac studio, and studio display. if apple had opted for a february event this year, it would seemingly have had a more substantial series of announcements than some of its previous keynotes.
show full article93 commentstop stories: 'apple launch' next week, powerbeats pro 2 debut, and moresaturday february 15, 2025 6:00 am pst by macrumors staffapple is in the middle of trickling out a variety of announcements including powerbeats pro 2 and an apple tv+ app for android phones this week, and based on a tease from tim cook it looks like there's at least one bigger announcement in store for next wednesday.
while a new iphone se is the odds-on favorite for wednesday's announcement, there are a few other products we're expecting to see launch in the relatively near future, so we'll have to hang tight to see just how apple plans to roll them out. read on below for all the details on this week's biggest stories!

tim cook teases an 'apple launch' next wednesday
in a bit of an unusual move, apple ceo tim cook has teased an upcoming "launch" of some kind scheduled for wednesday, february 19.
"get ready to meet the newest member of the family," he said in a social media post, with an #applelaunch hashtag.
cook did not provide an exact time for the launch, or share any other specific details, so his post is a bit of a mystery. however, bloomberg's mark gurman believes the post is a teaser for apple announcing a new iphone se.

iphone se 4 launch is imminent - what to expect
if next week's launch is indeed the next-generation iphone se, we're expecting a host of upgrades to modernize apple's low-end iphone, including face id, an a18 chip with apple intelligence support, and more.
timing for a launch has been a bit unclear, with bloomberg's mark gurman previously claiming it would be arriving this week and a generic listing for it popping up on a french reseller's website, but it now looks like things are lining up for a slightly later debut.

m4 macbook air release continues to appear imminent
there continue to be signs of a new macbook air with an m4 chip, indicating that we could see the machine launch in the not too distant future. a reliable source this week shared the identifiers that the ‌macbook air‌ will use, and those identifiers correspond to the m4 chip.
rumors have suggested that the m4 macbook air has been in production for months already, and apple itself leaked references to it in macos sequoia 15.2 back in december, but apple has yet to officially announce it.

powerbeats pro 2 debut with heart rate monitoring, h2 chip, active noise cancellation, and more
apple's beats brand officially introduced the powerbeats pro 2 this week, bringing significant updates to the wireless earphones aimed at active users.
among the upgrades for powerbeats pro 2 are active noise cancellation (anc) with transparency mode, personalized spatial audio, an h2 chip for improved power efficiency and apple ecosystem integration, and for the first time in an apple audio product, heart rate monitoring.

apple tv+ app now available on android
apple has debuted a new android smartphone app on the google play store that will allow users on that platform to more easily subscribe to and watch apple tv+ content, including mls season pass.
android users can access apple tv+ and mls season pass by signing into their apple account, or subscribe directly through google play's billing system.

apple releases ios 18.3.1 with bug fixes
apple this week released ios 18.3.1 and ipados 18.3.1, which offer bug fixes and security improvements including a fix for a vulnerability that "may have been exploited in an extremely sophisticated attack against specific targeted individuals."
on devices that support apple intelligence, some users who previously turned off the feature have found it automatically turned back on after updating, so be sure to double check your settings if you don't wish to use apple intelligence.

world's thinnest foldable phone launches next week
apple has yet to enter the foldable smartphone market, but other manufacturers continue to press forward with their efforts and push the boundaries of what's physically possible.
oppo has confirmed it will debut its find n5 or oneplus open 2 foldable phone on february 20, with the device reportedly measuring just 4mm thick when open.

macrumors newsletter
each week, we publish an email newsletter like this highlighting the top apple stories, making it a great way to get a bite-sized recap of the week hitting all of the major topics we've covered and tying together related stories for a big-picture view.
so if you want to have top stories like the above recap delivered to your email inbox each week, subscribe to our newsletter!
tag: top storiesshow full article8 commentsapple's next iphone se launching on wednesday - here's what we knowfriday february 14, 2025 4:04 pm pst by juli cloverapple ceo tim cook teased an apple announcement that's coming on wednesday, february 19, and it's looking like that mystery announcement will be the next-generation iphone se.
we've been hearing about the ‌iphone se‌ 4 for quite some time now, and we essentially know everything to expect. if you want a sneak peek at what's coming, read on.

naming
apple first introduced the ‌iphone se‌ in 2016, and the "se" stands for special edition. apple has used the se naming for the last three models, but it's possible that's going to change this year.
there have been rumors that the new low-cost iphone could be called the "‌iphone‌ 6e" instead of the ‌iphone se‌ 4, but the information came from a source without a well-established track record.
the low-cost ‌iphone‌ will have the same chip as the iphone 16, along with a few other ‌iphone 16‌ features, so it would not be a shock for apple to give it a new name to better tie it into current flagship models. when announcing the upcoming product launch, cook also said "get ready to meet the newest member of the family," which could be a reference to the ‌iphone 16‌ family. at the same time, "family" could also just be the ‌iphone‌ family.

design
we're expecting the ‌iphone se‌ to have an ‌iphone‌ 14-style design, with a 6.1-inch display. its launch will mark the end of smaller iphones, and 6.1 inches will be the smallest screen size that apple offers.
while the current ‌iphone se‌ is 4.7 inches, the size difference between the 4.7-inch model and the new 6.1-inch model isn't as extreme as you might think. the updated size will be noticeable, but getting rid of those thick bezels means there's a limited increase in physical size despite the larger display.
an ‌iphone se‌ 4 dummy modelthe ‌iphone se‌ is 5.45 inches tall and 2.65 inches wide with a thickness of 7.3mm, and the new model will be 5.78 inches tall, 2.82 inches wide, and a thickness of 7.8mm. weight will increase just an ounce.
apple used to sell a 5.4-inch ‌iphone‌ "mini," but it was discontinued after the ‌iphone‌ 13 mini because it didn't sell well. in the future, apple may appease those who want a small ‌iphone‌ with a clamshell device that folds in half, but rumors suggest that such a device is a year or more off.
if you want to know what the ‌iphone se‌ will look like, take a look at the iphone 14. it'll have the same general design with an all-display design, aluminum and glass build, mute switch, volume buttons, notch, power button, and 5g antenna/sim tray. the ‌iphone se‌ 4 is expected to have a single-lens rear camera, though, rather than the dual-lens setup of the ‌iphone 14‌.
you likely saw early rumors about an action button or camera control button for the ‌iphone se‌ 4 during the rumor cycle, but it sounds like those are not features that are coming to apple's low-cost device after all. ‌iphone se‌ dummy models have not included an action button or a camera control button, nor have cases designed for the device.
both early ‌iphone‌ cases and dummy models are often crafted based on supply chain leaks, and they're usually accurate because there's a good money in having a case ready to go right when a new device launches.

display
the ‌iphone‌ 12 introduced ceramic shield, which is stronger than typical smartphone glass and better able to hold up to drops and scratches, and it's likely the new low-cost ‌iphone‌ will adopt the ceramic shield material. the current ‌iphone se‌ just uses a standard glass front rather than the ceramic shield material. 
apple is updating the ‌iphone se‌ with an oled display, which means the end of lcd display technology in the ‌iphone‌ lineup when the current model is discontinued. lcds are still used for some macs and ipads, but the ‌iphone‌ lineup will be all oled when the se 4 launches. 
the ‌iphone 14‌ had a notch to house the truedepth front-facing camera and facial recognition hardware, and the ‌iphone se‌ will have the same notch design. there were rumors suggesting apple could use the dynamic island for the ‌iphone se‌, but that's another feature that looks like it'll be reserved for the more expensive ‌iphone‌ options.

no more touch id
with an all-display design like the ‌iphone 14‌, apple is eliminating touch id. when the current-generation ‌iphone se‌ is discontinued in favor of the new model, there will be no ‌iphone‌ with ‌touch id‌ in the lineup.
the current ‌iphone se‌‌touch id‌ is still used for macs and some ipads, but apple will transition fully to face id for its ‌iphone‌ models with the ‌iphone se‌ 4.
there are people who prefer ‌touch id‌ to ‌face id‌, but apple is all-in on facial recognition, and it's more secure than ‌touch id‌. there's a less than 1 in 1,000,000 chance that a random person could unlock your ‌iphone‌ with ‌face id‌, but a 1 in 50,000 chance for ‌touch id‌.
eliminating the ‌touch id‌ home button provides much more viewable screen space, which is a major bonus. android manufacturers have married large display sizes with fingerprint recognition by putting sensors on the back of their smartphones, but apple has never adopted that kind of design.

no more lightning
the ‌iphone se‌ will have a usb-c port for charging, with apple continuing its mission to phase out the lightning port.
the ‌iphone se‌ is one of the last apple devices that continues to use lightning, and when apple discontinues the ‌iphone 14‌, which could happen with the ‌iphone se‌ launch, lightning will be eliminated from the ‌iphone‌ lineup. it's quite possible the ‌iphone 14‌ will be discontinued when the ‌iphone se‌ launches because it makes little sense to keep a lower spec ‌iphone 14‌ around for $599 when there's a more powerful ‌iphone se‌ available that costs less.

magsafe
the ‌iphone 14‌ added support for magsafe, and since the ‌iphone se‌ 4 is using an ‌iphone 14‌ design, it will work with ‌magsafe‌ accessories and will support ‌magsafe‌ wireless charging. ‌magsafe‌ is not an option for the current ‌iphone se‌, but ‌magsafe‌ charging and ‌magsafe‌ accessories have become an increasingly important part of the apple ecosystem over the last few years.

a18 chip and 8gb ram
apple plans to equip the ‌iphone se‌ 4 with the same a18 chip that's in the ‌iphone 16‌, which means it's going to have flagship performance at a much more affordable price. the a18 chip will allow it to last for years to come, and it's going to be the most affordable way to get apple intelligence in a smartphone.
with the a18 chip, the ‌iphone se‌ 4 will support ‌apple intelligence‌ features, and it's going to be a huge improvement over the a15 chip in the current ‌iphone se‌. ‌apple intelligence‌ requires 8gb ram, so the new ‌iphone se‌ 4 will also have double the ram of the current model.

storage space
there's no concrete storage space rumor, but the rest of apple's iphones start with 128gb of storage, so it's quite possible we're going to see the end of the 64gb storage option this year. 64gb is simply not enough storage space, even for a low-cost ‌iphone‌.

camera
the ‌iphone se‌ could get the same 48-megapixel wide lens that's in the ‌iphone 16‌, which will bring a major leap in photo quality compared to the 12-megapixel camera in the ‌iphone se‌ 3.
an ‌iphone se‌ dummy modelthe ‌iphone se‌ 4 won't have a telephoto lens or an ultra wide lens, but if it does indeed use the same wide lens, it will support next-generation portraits with focus and depth control, the newest photographic styles, and an option to crop in to 2x optical zoom.

connectivity
apple is going to debut its new in-house modem in the ‌iphone se‌ 4, and it'll give us our first look at how apple's modem technology compares to qualcomm's modem technology.
apple's modem chip won't support the fastest mmwave 5g speeds, but it will connect to the more widespread 6ghz 5g networks. apple wants to cut down on its reliance on qualcomm, and this new modem chip is the first step.
we don't know how much apple will promote the new modem, but expect to see a range of speed and performance comparisons where the new modem is pitted against qualcomm's current ‌iphone 16‌ modem.

emergency sos via satellite and crash detection
this is speculation, but with the ‌iphone 14‌, apple added a crash detection feature that alerts emergency services if you're in a car accident. it's an important safety feature that's likely to be included in the ‌iphone se‌ 4.
the ‌iphone 14‌ and later also support emergency sos via satellite, and there's a good chance that'll be added to the ‌iphone se‌ 4 too. apple loves to promote its safety features, and they can be a major selling point, so we wouldn't be surprised to see both of these options.

battery life
rumors suggest the ‌iphone se‌ 4 will have the same battery as the ‌iphone 14‌, which means it'll offer up to 20 hours of video playback, up to 16 hours of streaming video, and up to 80 hours of audio playback.
there's quite a bit more space in a 6.1-inch device for a battery than there is in a 4.7-inch device, so it should come as no surprise that there will be a major improvement in overall battery life.
the current ‌iphone se‌ offers 15 hours of video playback and up to 10 hours of streaming video playback.

pricing
with higher-end components, the ‌iphone se‌ 4 could be more expensive than the current model, but apple is still aiming for a price point under $500. the ‌iphone se‌ 3 is priced starting at $429.

no event
the ‌iphone se‌ 4 is an important new ‌iphone‌ in apple's lineup, but it reuses components from the ‌iphone 14‌ and ‌iphone 16‌, so it's not the most exciting device. apple isn't going to hold an event to unveil the ‌iphone se‌ 4, instead introducing it through a press release and coverage on the apple website.


get ready to meet the newest member of the family.
wednesday, february 19. #applelaunch pic.twitter.com/0ml0nfmedu
— tim cook (@tim_cook) february 13, 2025
apple did promote the launch early on social media, but without hints about just what product is coming on february 19.

launch date
after being introduced on february 19, apple will likely accept pre-orders for the ‌iphone se‌ 4 before launching it a bit later in the month.
related roundup: iphone sebuyer's guide: iphone se (don't buy)related forum: iphoneshow full article168 commentslike apple, meta is working on humanoid robotsfriday february 14, 2025 3:22 pm pst by juli cloverfacebook parent company meta is investing heavily in ai-powered humanoid robots, according to a report from bloomberg. meta wants to create robots that can act like humans and help people with physical tasks, and has developed a new team in its reality labs hardware to work on the project.
meta's first focus will be on robots that can do household chores, but the company's overarching goal is to develop ai, sensors, and software for robots that can be manufactured and sold to third-party companies to allow those companies to develop their own robots. meta is aiming to be the android of robots.
robot technology is not currently advanced enough to allow robots to fold clothes, do dishes, or complete other household chores, but meta feels that its work in artificial intelligence and virtual reality could boost robot development.
in 2025, meta will spend around $65 billion on artificial intelligence infrastructure, robotics, and virtual reality products. meta plans to build some of its own hardware, and work with robotics manufacturers to build prototypes.
if meta does end up creating a humanoid robot, it could compete with an apple-designed robot in the future. apple is working on both humanoid and non-humanoid robots, but the company's work on humanoid robotics is in the proof-of-concept stage and years away from launching.
non-humanoid robots could come sooner. apple is said to be working on a tabletop robot with an ipad-style display that's attached to a robotic arm, and such a product could come as early as 2026 or 2027.
apple robotics researchers recently shared details on a lamp-like robot prototype with lifelike movements and human-like interaction capabilities.
show full article81 commentsapple intelligence siri overhaul could get delayedfriday february 14, 2025 2:21 pm pst by juli cloverapple's smarter version of siri that incorporates apple intelligence features could end up being delayed, reports bloomberg's mark gurman. apple is running into engineering problems and software bugs that could push back the launch of the new functionality.
rumors suggested that apple planned to introduce the new ‌siri‌ features in ios 18.4, but the first ios 18.4 beta is expected as soon as next week, and it appears ‌siri‌ won't be ready in time.
apple has already promised that ‌apple intelligence‌ will be available in new languages in april, suggesting that's when the ios 18.4 update will launch, so apple has a limited amount of time to get ‌siri‌ ready to go. some features may now need to be postponed until may later, with apple perhaps planning to introduce them in an ios 18.5 update.
apple has promised three ‌apple intelligence‌ features for ‌siri‌, including personal context to better understand and respond to requests, the ability to do more in and between apps, and on-screen awareness to respond to requests that involve content the user is looking at. employees testing the new ‌siri‌ features have reportedly said that they are not yet working consistently.
major new features rarely come as late as may, because apple typically transitions to working on the next-generation version of ios in june after wwdc.
gurman says that apple could still debut the features in ios 18.4, but turn them off by default as testing continues until ios 18.5, and in that case, we'd still see the new functionality in ios 18.4. we should be getting the first ios 18.4 beta soon, though it is not likely that ‌siri‌ will be in the initial beta given today's report.
related roundups: ios 18, ipados 18related forums: ios 18, ipados 18show full article270 commentsapple announces new downtown detroit store is 'coming soon'friday february 14, 2025 2:01 pm pst by joe rossignolapple today announced that it will soon be opening a new retail store in downtown detroit.
apple downtown detroit is "coming soon," according to apple. the store page does not provide any further details, including an address or grand opening date.
apple does mention that the downtown detroit store is now hiring.
last year, it was reported that the downtown detroit store will be located on the 1400 block of woodward avenue, and construction was already underway.
apple already has three stores in the detroit area, but this would be the first location serving the city's downtown core, which has been experiencing a revival in recent years. the store could also serve customers from nearby windsor, ontario in canada.
(thanks, filip chudzinski!)
tag: apple storeshow full article40 commentsapple launched the macbook pro 19 years ago todayfriday february 14, 2025 1:19 pm pst by hartley charltonapple launched the original macbook pro 19 years ago today.
jobs announced the ‌macbook pro‌ at the macworld conference & expo in 2006. it was the first mac notebook to transition from powerpc processors to intel's core duo architecture. designed to be an intel-based replacement for the powerbook line, the ‌macbook pro‌ took a similar aluminum chassis and added an intel core processor, a webcam, and the magsafe power connector. its display was 67% brighter than its predecessor, matching the luminance of apple's standalone cinema displays.
apple claimed that the intel processors delivered "up to four times the performance of the powerbook g4." the transition was supported by rosetta, a software translation layer that allowed powerpc applications to run on intel-based macs.
the original ‌macbook pro‌ came in two configurations, both with 15.4-inch widescreen displays offering 1440 x 900 resolution. the entry-level model featured a 1.67 ghz intel core duo processor, 512mb of ddr2 ram, and an 80gb hard drive, while the higher-end model boasted a 1.83 ghz processor, 1gb of ram, and a 100gb hard drive. both models included ati mobility radeon x1600 graphics cards. the 15-inch model weighed just 5.6 pounds and was only one inch thick.
it also featured two usb 2.0 ports, a firewire 400 port, a gigabit ethernet port, and an expresscard/34 slot for expandability. the exclusion of firewire 800 in the initial 15-inch models drew criticism from some users, but this port was later restored in subsequent revisions. initially only available with a 15-inch display, apple introduced a 17-inch variant in april 2006.
over the years, the ‌macbook pro‌ line evolved through various design and technological iterations, including the unibody construction in 2008, the retina display in 2012, and the controversial touch bar in 2016. the transition from intel to apple silicon in 2020 marked the end of the intel-based ‌macbook pro‌ era, as apple moved to its proprietary m1, m1 pro, and m1 max chips.
show full article77 commentsnext page newer postsarchivesolder posts previous pageguidesios 18.3 features new visual intelligence features for iphone 16 models, tweaks for notification summaries, and more.apple intelligence guide apple intelligence is what apple is calling its artificial intelligence feature set, previewed at wwdc in june 2024. here's everything we know.image playground guide image playground is apple's dedicated image creation app that can build cartoon-like pictures based on text descriptions.
iphone mirroring not working? if you're experiencing issues with iphone mirroring, follow these steps to get it working again.• iphone 16 vs 16 pro • iphone 16 and iphone 16 pro: how to use all the new features • 50 macos sequoia features • watchos 11: all the new features and changes • what's new in ios 18 messages • ios 18 photos changes • new airpods features in ios 18 • 21 time-saving iphone tips • 14 macos tips to make your life easier • one airpod not working? see more guidesupcomingm4 macbook air early 2025m4 chip update expected, but no design changes.ipad (11th generation) early 2025chip update and other spec bumps for apple's entry-level ipad.iphone se (4th generation) spring 2025the end of the iphone home button as apple shifts its final model to an all-display front with a notch and face id.m4 mac studio mid 2025apple appears to be skipping the m3 generation and waiting to launch an m4 mac studio in mid-2025.• m4 mac pro • iphone 17 see full product calendarrecent commentsmac rumors articles• macbook pro now expected to get m5 chip before ipad pro (59)• apple maps might start showing ads (384)• iphone design to change 'significantly' this year (98)• iphone 16e to debut wednesday? apple's budget iphone may get a new name (77)• macos tip: set up and control hot corners with modifier keys (11)mac notebooks• numbering paragraphs in pages (5)• m1 max vs m4 max display quality is... interesting! (3)• swapping motherboard from 2012 to 2009 mbp (0)• i don't shutdown my 14" macbook pro (10)• macbook pro 14 inch m4 - the best time to upgrade (75)mac desktops• new m4 mini problem with dual monitors (13)• how much unified memory to get? (24)• imac pro will not start after rebuild (17)• 2011 27" gpu (11)• mac mini m4 pro can't power portable displays via tb5 (4)macos sequoia• add user to intel imac and migrate account from m3 mba (3)• mac mini ssd not mounting (2)• this may be the worst os yet. everything is lagging, freezing, and slow since the update. (14)• spotlight indexing crashes on time machine backups (7)• local network access nightmare (8)mac apps and mac app store• pages app opens in finder? (7)• whatsapp desktop not working anymore (42)• can't sync photos from old mbp (3)• office w/ pc license virtualized? (5)• clipboard remote - copy & paste between pc, mac and mobiles (0)iphone• anybody still rocking an iphone 13pm? (51)• upgrade to ip 16 only because of apple intelligence, worth it? (13)• iphone 15 owners, what is your cycle count and battery health? (762)• i want to see this on the iphone 17 (47)• iphone power button (0)ipad• looks like m4 ipad pro is a bit of a flop on a relative basis (apple earnings) (106)• ipad mini 1 still useful for anything in 2025? (12)• ipad mini 7 60 hz screen refresh rate should be illegal (104)• problems to ipad screen after battery replacement (12)• ipad 11th gen (1)ios 18• show off your ios 18 homescreen! (360)• 18.3 on iphone 11: the final word (11)• new charge limit behavior? (10)• mail app sharing vips across family? (5)• 22d72 (18.3.1) icloud photo sync hangs with most recent video (2)apple watch• hermès edition owners thread (15494)• workoutdoors: new workout features (7206)• i have insomnia. how would sleep tracking help me? (66)• considering switching to a santos. thoughts? (167)• don’t be stupid and ignore the heart warnings - writing this from the hospital right now (36)apple tv and home theater• apple tv movies - some download as movpkg filetype (77)• apps that support continuity camera (5)• in appletv on my hisense roku how do i delete free tv sample shows? (4)• iflicks reviews (35)• question about arc/earc (6)other mac topics• mbp for xcode, autocad and fusion. coming from a windows pc. (27)• organizing external hdd/ssd devices. (10)• encrypting a usb drive (16)• secondhand macbook pro 15" for basic everyday use - what year/model? (10)• hard drive formatting & enclosure compatibility issues on mac (26)community• what’s on your mind? (24193)• espresso enthusiasts (16011)• what are you listening to? part iii (19153)• 2024-2025 nfl thread (928)• the car thread ... ! (15670)site comments• what's going on with the "apple resumes marketing on x" topic? (21)• i'm sick and tired of macrumors forum… (90)• cannot mark as read one of my watched threads [merged] (69)• the "top stories" should be sorted as politically so that references to missing news are possible. (4)• macrumors pwa web app with push notifications (21)other storiesapple's new iphone se could ship with shockingly low base storage5 hours ago by tim hardwickios 18.4 coming next week with these new features for your iphone3 days ago by joe rossignoltwo of apple's oldest products are finally getting updated this year3 days ago by joe rossignolapple teases a big surprise next week4 days ago by joe rossignolapple to invest in nissan? a new report explains why4 days ago by joe rossignolguidesios 18.3 features new visual intelligence features for iphone 16 models, tweaks for notification summaries, and more.apple intelligence guide apple intelligence is what apple is calling its artificial intelligence feature set, previewed at wwdc in june 2024. here's everything we know.image playground guide image playground is apple's dedicated image creation app that can build cartoon-like pictures based on text descriptions.
iphone mirroring not working? if you're experiencing issues with iphone mirroring, follow these steps to get it working again.• iphone 16 vs 16 pro • iphone 16 and iphone 16 pro: how to use all the new features • 50 macos sequoia features • watchos 11: all the new features and changes • what's new in ios 18 messages • ios 18 photos changes • new airpods features in ios 18 • 21 time-saving iphone tips • 14 macos tips to make your life easier • one airpod not working? see more guidesupcomingm4 macbook air early 2025m4 chip update expected, but no design changes.ipad (11th generation) early 2025chip update and other spec bumps for apple's entry-level ipad.iphone se (4th generation) spring 2025the end of the iphone home button as apple shifts its final model to an all-display front with a notch and face id.m4 mac studio mid 2025apple appears to be skipping the m3 generation and waiting to launch an m4 mac studio in mid-2025.• m4 mac pro • iphone 17 see full product calendarrecent commentsmac rumors articles• macbook pro now expected to get m5 chip before ipad pro (59)• apple maps might start showing ads (384)• iphone design to change 'significantly' this year (98)• iphone 16e to debut wednesday? apple's budget iphone may get a new name (77)• macos tip: set up and control hot corners with modifier keys (11)mac notebooks• numbering paragraphs in pages (5)• m1 max vs m4 max display quality is... interesting! (3)• swapping motherboard from 2012 to 2009 mbp (0)• i don't shutdown my 14" macbook pro (10)• macbook pro 14 inch m4 - the best time to upgrade (75)mac desktops• new m4 mini problem with dual monitors (13)• how much unified memory to get? (24)• imac pro will not start after rebuild (17)• 2011 27" gpu (11)• mac mini m4 pro can't power portable displays via tb5 (4)macos sequoia• add user to intel imac and migrate account from m3 mba (3)• mac mini ssd not mounting (2)• this may be the worst os yet. everything is lagging, freezing, and slow since the update. (14)• spotlight indexing crashes on time machine backups (7)• local network access nightmare (8)mac apps and mac app store• pages app opens in finder? (7)• whatsapp desktop not working anymore (42)• can't sync photos from old mbp (3)• office w/ pc license virtualized? (5)• clipboard remote - copy & paste between pc, mac and mobiles (0)iphone• anybody still rocking an iphone 13pm? (51)• upgrade to ip 16 only because of apple intelligence, worth it? (13)• iphone 15 owners, what is your cycle count and battery health? (762)• i want to see this on the iphone 17 (47)• iphone power button (0)ipad• looks like m4 ipad pro is a bit of a flop on a relative basis (apple earnings) (106)• ipad mini 1 still useful for anything in 2025? (12)• ipad mini 7 60 hz screen refresh rate should be illegal (104)• problems to ipad screen after battery replacement (12)• ipad 11th gen (1)ios 18• show off your ios 18 homescreen! (360)• 18.3 on iphone 11: the final word (11)• new charge limit behavior? (10)• mail app sharing vips across family? (5)• 22d72 (18.3.1) icloud photo sync hangs with most recent video (2)apple watch• hermès edition owners thread (15494)• workoutdoors: new workout features (7206)• i have insomnia. how would sleep tracking help me? (66)• considering switching to a santos. thoughts? (167)• don’t be stupid and ignore the heart warnings - writing this from the hospital right now (36)apple tv and home theater• apple tv movies - some download as movpkg filetype (77)• apps that support continuity camera (5)• in appletv on my hisense roku how do i delete free tv sample shows? (4)• iflicks reviews (35)• question about arc/earc (6)other mac topics• mbp for xcode, autocad and fusion. coming from a windows pc. (27)• organizing external hdd/ssd devices. (10)• encrypting a usb drive (16)• secondhand macbook pro 15" for basic everyday use - what year/model? (10)• hard drive formatting & enclosure compatibility issues on mac (26)community• what’s on your mind? (24193)• espresso enthusiasts (16011)• what are you listening to? part iii (19153)• 2024-2025 nfl thread (928)• the car thread ... ! (15670)site comments• what's going on with the "apple resumes marketing on x" topic? (21)• i'm sick and tired of macrumors forum… (90)• cannot mark as read one of my watched threads [merged] (69)• the "top stories" should be sorted as politically so that references to missing news are possible. (4)• macrumors pwa web app with push notifications (21)other storiesapple's new iphone se could ship with shockingly low base storage5 hours ago by tim hardwickios 18.4 coming next week with these new features for your iphone3 days ago by joe rossignoltwo of apple's oldest products are finally getting updated this year3 days ago by joe rossignolapple teases a big surprise next week4 days ago by joe rossignolapple to invest in nissan? a new report explains why4 days ago by joe rossignol macrumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. we also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iphone, ipad, mac, and other apple platforms.about macrumors.comadvertise on macrumorsour staffarnold kimeditorial directoremail • twitter eric slivkaeditor in chiefemail • twitter juli clovermanaging editoremail • twitter joe rossignolsenior reporteremail • twitter mitchel broussarddeals editoremail • twittertim hardwicksenior editoremail • twitterhartley charltonsenior editoremail • twittermarianne schultzproject manageremail • twitterdan barberavideo content produceremail • twitterryan barrieaugraphic designeremail •twittersteve mosercontributing writeremail • twitteraaron perriscontributoremail • twitterrelated linkstouch arcadenintendo switch part deux – the toucharcade show #611where have we been!? – the toucharcade show #610polar express is scary – the toucharcade show #609remember payphones? – the toucharcade show #608they put the power button where!? – the toucharcade show #607back when aol was the internet – the toucharcade show #606just don’t huff anything! – the toucharcade show #605terrorizing pasadena – the toucharcade show #604youtubetim cook confirms new product coming february 19th!the $799 apple studio display | asus proart 27" 5k display reviewpowerbeats pro 2 review | the future of airpods pro!?apple ai photo clean up vs samsung’s #smartphone #techiphone se 4 coming next week!copyright © 2000-2024 macrumors.com, llc. privacy / dmca contact / affiliate and ftc disclosureaccessibility statement[ featured on/off ] [ full articles on/off ] [ fluid | fluid hd ] [ auto | light | dark ]









