






















pacific science center















































 



















skip to main content






buy tickets


membership login


donate













about


visit


imax


education


events


join & give






            search
          











    search
  



      search
    







donate









    pause
  



step into science
there's always something new to experience at pacsci.

plan your visit










hours

open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. (last admission at 4 p.m.)
closed mondays and tuesdays except during school break periods
holiday hours
open tuesday, february 18
view today’s programming schedule
denny way entrance is closed


parking & transportation



tickets

general admission includes unlimited planetarium and daytime laser shows (free timed tickets required).
planetarium shows are limited capacity and sell out quickly; reserve in advance.


buy tickets


membership login








      there’s more to explore
    
    under the arches
  







            show
          

          t. rex 3d
        


        experience the ultimate g.o.a.t. — greatest of all tyrants — as it roars to life on the giant screen in the film, t. rex.
      

          imax documentary
        











            event
          

          brainfest with allen institute
        


        explore hands-on activities, meet scientists and collaborators, learn about cutting-edge neuroscience research, and even touch a real brain!
      



						march 15 @ 10:00 am					

pacific science center
included in general admission












            event
          

          live at the laser dome: kexp dj in residence
        


        pacsci and kexp’s live at the laser dome: kexp dj in residence is excited to welcome audioasis’ kennady quille for march, april, and may.
      



						march 5 @ 7:30 pm					

laser dome
tickets required (price varies)













      get curious
    
    at home, in the classroom, & on-site
  







          curiosity at home resources
        


        download hands-on stem activities, view virtual science shows, and explore our curiosidad en casa resources.
      











          digital discovery workshops
        


        bring pacsci to your classroom with digital discovery workshops! enjoy synchronous science lessons led by skilled educators, who come to you live from pacsci’s digital learning studio!
      











          field trips
        


        register your school group for a pacsci field trip and spark your students’ curiosity for science with pacsci’s exhibits and programming.
      











          science on wheels
        


        science on wheels travels across washington with interactive workshops, live stage shows, and portable exhibit sets that build excitement for stem education.
      












        what’s new?
      
      updates from pacsci
    







          join our team at camps for curious minds this summer!
        




          january 13, 2025
        











          meet the team: camps for curious minds
        




          december 12, 2024
        











          opening doors to possibility in your neighborhood
        




          december 11, 2024
        











          celebrating 50 years of science on wheels
        




          december 3, 2024
        









      more updates from pacsci
    




thank you to pacific science center’s leading corporate supporters

























































additional support comes from more than 1,500 individuals, companies and foundations that donate to pacific science center each year, as well as more than 13,000 member households from every corner of washington state and around the country.














 
200 sue bird court n.seattle, wa 98109







        land acknowledgment
      

pacific science center acknowledges that we live, work, and play on the traditional territories of the duwamish and coast salish peoples and that we occupy this land. this acknowledgment does not take the place of authentic relationships with indigenous communities but serves as a first step in honoring the land we occupy.






        commitment to anti-racism
      

pacific science center stands with those who are courageously fighting against hate, racism, and injustice. we recognize that not being racist is not sufficient. we must be actively anti-racist, and we commit to doing so. we prioritize inclusion, diversity, equity, and access in everything we do. curiosity and critical thinking are essential to the dialogue and changes that need to happen.









        hours & directions
      


            visit
          



            parking & transportation
          


        (206) 443-2001
      






about


careers


contact


press




visit


education


join & give


membership





follow us:


facebook


twitter


instagram


linkedin


youtube



        monthly newsletter:
      

sign me up
















  ©  pacific science center.



policies


terms of service


privacy policy







 


 
















