

















west baton rouge museum | west baton rouge parish, la








  















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in










 










 





 
 
 


    about us      do & see      educate & learn      how do i...  


 

 

 

 





 










    





 
 












search







 
 
 



 



 














subscribenotifyme & news notes 








calendar










 
 














tours








donateartifacts & time










 
 














contact us








rentals










 
 
 






























west baton rouge
museum

where history has a name
 






  
 
 









 














museum spotlight
see what's new in west baton rouge

 






  
 
 















national history day: registration for competitors and judges 


the west baton rouge museum is the host site for the greater baton rouge regional history day contest. this year’s competition will take place on saturday, february 22nd, 2025. registration is open for competitors, teachers, and judges!						read on...







café français 


the museum hosts this program for those who speak french, are learning french, or simply support the french language and culture in louisiana. speakers of any dialect and any skill level are welcome.						read on...







sorting out race 


sorting out race, on display from february 8, 2025 – april 13, 2025, arose from the desire to divert artifacts with racial content from thrift stores to an exhibit that would generate a healthy community conversation about racial stereotypes.			read on...







explorations in genealogy 


explorations in genealogy will resume its regular schedule on the second saturday of each month. the next session will take place on february 8th from 10:30 – 12 where geanealogist michelle rabalais will present on wwii personnel service records research.						read on...







old time music open jam 


jam sessions are open to join in to play tunes including but not limited to old country, bluegrass, cajun and folk music. the public is invited to sit in free of charge.						read on...







blues festival posters through the years 


the permanent collection at the museum has grown, and we are inviting you to view some of our favorite new pieces. opening january 17, 2025, an assortment of baton rouge blues festival posters will be on display.			read on...







children’s drawing and painting with ms. shaun 


the museum is now pleased to offer two monthly children’s workshops, one designed for ages 4 – 6 from 10:30 – 11:30 am immediately followed by another ages for 7 - 12 from 12 – 1 pm. this month’s program will be held on saturday, february 15th, 2025.						read on...







cajun jam 


the west baton rouge museum will host its monthly cajun jam with the cajun french music association on february 16th, 2025, from 3-5 pm. february’s jam will be led by reggie matte and co-host jace goulas!						read on...







historical happy hour: featuring kasey ball 


every 3rd friday, the drinks are on you and the history is on us! join the museum on friday, february 21, 2025 from 6-8 pm for historical happy hour. this month’s happy hour will feature kasey ball performing mardi gras favorites with his acoustic trio.						read on...







angela gregory: monuments & architectural commissions 


on view through august 24, 2025, angela gregory: monuments & architectural commissions is the third in a series titled angela gregory: doyenne of louisiana sculpture. the project marks the most comprehensive look at the artist’s art and life to date.						read on...







subscribe to west baton rouge news flash 


to get the latest on west baton rouge news and events right to your inbox, sign up for notifications			additional info...







postponed: lunchtime lecture: haitian and louisiana cuisine and culture 


unfortunately, the west baton rouge museum will remain closed on friday, january 24th and the lunchtime lecture with chef charly pierre will be postponed until further notice.			read on...







kafé kréyol-la 


to celebrate its love for both the french and creole cultures of our community, the museum is hosting this new program to support the louisiana creole language and culture. kafé kréyol will  be held on the first saturday of the month from 10:30 am-12 pm!						read on...







behind the barn doors 


the museum is pleased to host, behind the barn doors on the first sundays of the month. guests are invited into the big red barn on the museum’s campus to enjoy demonstrations highlighting the craftsmanship of historic trades and agricultural practices.						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














museum events
stay connected

 






  
 
 





 museum events




 museum events










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












fri, feb 21  

historical happy hour: featuring kasey ball

historical happy hour: featuring kasey ballread on


sat, feb 22  

national history day regional contest

national history day regional contestread on






tue, feb 25  

yoga workshops

yoga workshopsread on






fri, feb 28  

lunchtime lecture: featuring warren lejeune, jr. on beloved leader, edward searcy

lunchtime lecture: featuring warren lejeune, jr. on beloved leader, edward searcyread on





view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 









 
 
 



 







contact us







west baton rouge museum
845 n. jefferson avenue
port allen, la 70767

phone: 225-336-2422



 






  
 



  
 







quick links







donations



historical markers



historic buildings



group tours



directions









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



disclaimer



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 















 






  
 
 



 










    





 
 














	government websites by civicplus® 
 






  
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
























 










arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









