














welcome to home for life® | home for life














































      skip to main content
    


















home for life











donate       sponsor    






search
























 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 
ashley judd
with
gracie (far left)
makwa (center)



 



 












homeabouttour our facilityabout our staffcontact usfuture plansthird doorfaqswhat is home for life?how to helpdonatehome for life corporate givingplanned givingsponsorshipour animals/sponsorshiptour our facilityoutreachnews/eventsblogin the newsvideos/medialisten to national public radio's feature onhome for life®!pool party 2018 - wccoan animal sanctuary that promotes kindnesspool party videos 20162016 home for life pool party photosbbc video amazing humanshome for life -- the dodo impacthome for life dogs swimming in the riverhome for life youtube videospeace creature program photostpt2 and home for life: soul creatures2019 pool partytour of home for life - v2 youtubeonline store












 


meet/sponsor our animals
 

learn more about and help the dogs and cats who call home for life® sanctuary their home, with the care they need by sponsoring an individual animal. 







 


mission and third door
 

find out about our mission and the "third door" solution for animals without other rescue options.







 


community outreach
 

learn about our community animal outreach programs: peace creatures®, senior outreach, sit-stay-heal, the renaissance project, and education outreach.






























 












home for life® welcomes rick steves as our featured guest at the 2025 spring gala! 




rick steves, the well-known travel expert and host of rick steves' europe, is primarily recognized for his expertise in travel, particularly in europe. while his main focus is on helping travelers explore the cultural and historical richness of european destinations,  steves often integrates his love of animals, particularly dogs, into his travel philosophy and his show. 
read more about home for life® welcomes rick steves as our featured guest at the 2025 spring gala!  

 








celebrating 2024 at home for life with the photography of mark luinenburg




body
photographer mark luinenburg has supported home for life® animal sanctuary for over 20 years with his time and talent. this video is our recap of his photos at home for life® from 2024. thank you mark!














merry and bright












miracle cat survives being thrown from 12th story balcony in minneapolis--$20,000 matching gift opportunity




they call her the miracle cat…now. yet miracles don’t just happen in an instant. rue’s incredible survival required a series of interventions, initiated by home for life® animal sanctuary. 
read more about miracle cat survives being thrown from 12th story balcony in minneapolis--$20,000 matching gift opportunity 

 





























what is the third door®?
home for life®, an internationally recognized care for life sanctuary, and in 2019, voted one of the 10 most amazing sanctuaries in the country by  usa today, offers a service to animals in need like no comparative organization. many shelters and rescue organizations aspire to find a home for every animal and dream of the day when there will be no homeless animals. at home for life®, that's what we want too—and that's what we provide—for dogs and cats that are overlooked for placement. home for life® has created a new idea, the care for life sanctuary—a life-saving and life-affirming alternative for dogs and cats who have not been able to find a home or keep the home they had and for animals who have lifelong special care needs,  that most adopters cannot provide. we call our idea "the third door®" in animal welfare which gives at-risk dogs and cats,  animals who might have been passed over for adoption, an alternative to an undeserved death. the dream of a home should be an opportunity that is available for all dogs and cats, and now with home for life®, and the innovative model we have created at our prototype sanctuary in star prairie, wi, it can be!






donate to home for life®
an internationally recognized care-for-life sanctuary, home for life® offers a service to animals in need like no comparative organization. many shelters and rescue organizations aspire to find a home for every animal and dream of the day when there will be no homeless animals. at home for life® that’s what we want too—and that’s what we provide. home for life® has created a new idea, the care for life sanctuary—a lifesaving and life-affirming alternative for dogs and cats who have not been able to find a home or keep the home they had and for animals who have lifelong special care needs that most adopters cannot provide. we call our idea the “third door” in animal welfare, which gives at-risk dogs and cats, animals who might have been passed over for adoption, a third chance and an alternative to an undeserved death.
donate to home for life
 



















the snow angels: chinook and elke 

way back in december 2020, a dog, a large shepherd mix was at the humane society and her due date was coming up right before the holidays.learn more

















snowball 

snowball is a dainty white cat, a spayed female, with soulful yellow eyes and a traumatic past, though she is less than two years old.learn more

















ginger 

ginger is a chow chow mix, now age 8, and surely has some border collie to her mix as well—she has one blue eye and one brown eye.learn more
































copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.p.o. box 847, stillwater, mn 55082t: 1-800-252-5918
sanctuary@homeforlife.org
      legal name: animal sanctuary of st croix valley inc dba home for life animal sanctuary
      federal tax id number: ein 41 1867244






























