





women's petite to plus sized tennis apparel, tennis skirts, tennis tops, tennis dresses and activewear - adintennis.com



































 


























 login create an account wish lists








search



















toggle navigation


menu


log in





search



0 
cart





homeproduct catalogwomen's pickleball, tennis and activewear appareltennis & pickleball skirts with attached shortstennis & pickleball skirts only.  the no shorts zonepickleball and tennis tops. perfect on and off the courtspickleball and tennis dresses - feel free to wear everywhere!clearanceclose out sale - pickleball, tennis, activewearcustomer servicetips for measuring and standard size chartsreturns and exchangescustom garmentsshipping informationterms of serviceprivacy policycustomer testimonialscontact usabout us



view cart


0 item(s) in your $0.00














search







 free us shipping & handling over $75

















 
 














every ad in garment is made in the usa
all garments made in the usa standard orders ship between 7 - 10 business days custom orders ship between 12 - 14 business daysfree us shipping over $75









sign up for our newsletter!
sign up for our newsletter!
	keep up on our new products, latest deals, close outs and more! 
	click here













tennis & pickleball skirts with attached shorts







fabulous prints or richly colored solid tennis or pickleball skirts start at $29.79 with attached shorts!
view items








tennis & pickleball skirts only.  the no shorts zone







our tennis and pickleball skirts start at $29.99 and because not all woomen like to wear a 13 inch length skirt, requesting custom length is free.
view items








pickleball and tennis tops. perfect on and off the courts







change the length of your pickleball tennis top for free or add sleeves for a very small fee. made with love for real women everywhere.
view items








pickleball and tennis dresses - feel free to wear everywhere!







vibrant prints and designs with the great fit you know and love. we proudly carry sizes, small to 3x.
view items













petite, tall, plus sized, tiny, mighty, curvy and strong.  proudly since 2005, we've been making garments for us all.  more

















women's pickleball, tennis and activewear apparel

tennis & pickleball skirts with attached shorts
tennis & pickleball skirts only.  the no shorts zone
pickleball and tennis tops. perfect on and off the courts
pickleball and tennis dresses - feel free to wear everywhere!

clearance

close out sale - pickleball, tennis, activewear

customer service

tips for measuring and standard size charts
returns and exchanges
custom garments
shipping information
terms of service
privacy policy
customer testimonials
contact us








  © copyright 2025 adintennis.com. all rights reserved.


responsive website design by heroweb | search engine friendly shopping cart powered by mightymerchant












 

 
 
 
















