chadwick village staffing and scotty's domestic serviceshomeabout usservicesclientsmorecandidate profilecontact uschadwick village staffing san diegoscotty's domestic services coachella valley















welcome to chadwick village staffing and scotty’s domestic services, specializing in the placement of household staff for discerning homes in southern california, including:
housekeepers nannies chefs cooks domestic couples estate managers 
major domospersonal assistantscaregiversdrivershousemenbutlers
chadwick village staffing has been serving san diego county since 1962. scotty’s has been serving palm springs since 1982. in addition, we have a nationwide network of affiliated offices to serve your staffing needs. with over 100 years of experience combined, you can be sure our roster of applicants is extensive, top caliber, and well-screened to assist you with finding and hiring experienced and trustworthy staff.   we can guarantee that we have the right match of domestic staff for you! we will work closely with you to understand your needs and to ensure that you get matched with the right staff. 
at chadwick village staffing and scotty’s domestic services, we have been so successful because: 
we are locally owned and operated.  we are the areas preferred, oldest and largest agency providing domestic services. we have an extremely comprehensive process for screening our candidates including prior employment information, thorough screening through references, and upon request, we can order additional investigative reports. we are discreet in our search for the best candidate. we make the entire process seamless and efficient – we do all the work for you! we are timely and responsive to our clients’ inquiries and requests. we recognize your need for confidentiality and privacy and strive to find the best placement from each of our fine candidates. 
visit our   about us  page to learn more about our company. also, visit our   services   page to learn how we have just the staff you need! contact us   to see which location will be the best fit for your needs. 


copyright 2014. chadwick staffing village / scotty's domestic staffing
website design by delta data services


