





innovative products for the marine industry



































































home
about us
products

yacht controller®
jcs (joystick control system)
dps
yacht graphx
yacht cam
yacht beam
yacht thruster™
ezdrive™ thruster
yacht command


product brochures

yacht controller
yacht graphx
ezdrive thruster
yacht thruster
the yacht group


videos
showroom
news
contact us





click on product image to learn morethe trusted name in the marine industry for more than 15 yearsinnovative technology for the marine industrythe yacht group™ stands at the forefront of luxury marine products, backed by a team of seasoned professionals with extensive expertise across all aspects of the marine industry. our unwavering commitment to delivering exceptional service sets us apart as a trusted partner for discerning clients around the world.innovation is at the heart of everything we do. through our global network of r&d, engineering, and manufacturing teams, we develop cutting-edge solutions tailored to meet the unique needs of our clientele. this collaborative approach ensures that we remain at the forefront of advancements in marine technology and yacht management.with an extensive network of sales and service dealers worldwide, we provide seamless access to our expertise and services wherever our clients operate. from consultation to implementation, the yacht group™ offers a world-class experience, ensuring our clients receive the finest in marine technology and support.testimonialskevin d"the yacht group recently installed yacht controller one my client’s new boats. they did a great job with a clean and timely install of the system. also, their follow-up support is fantastic. john and michel “mike” provided a thorough and professional tutorial on the operation of the yacht controller after completion of the installation, very helpful. thanks guys!"capt. erik l"great, fast service, the people here really care about their customers. i recommend!"our showroomsee more 


















































contactmember of 
x




home
about us
contact
terms
privacy




address:4545 ponce de leon blvdcoral gables fl 33146toll free: 1-888-898-8608 direct: 305-667-5811 fax: 305.663.5551the trusted name in the marine industry for more than 15 years. our brands will increase your boating experience with safety and ease of operation in control, visibility security and aesthetics.copyright © 2024 the yacht group™privacy policyterms & conditionspowered by isatisfy.com 






closetwitterfacebookbarsangle-downyoutube-playinstagram















