





indiana sheltie rescue inc. – 702 shelties rescued since april 1999































 



                    indiana sheltie rescue inc.                        
702 shelties rescued since april 1999




menu

home
support isr
adoptions
contact us
kroger plus card
 







happy holidays, merry christmas may everyone have a safe holiday season!




with the holidays coming quickly and winter approaching here are some things to remember to do before your calendar gets full.  
check your fences and gates for any needed maintenance, with winter coming it is much easier to do repairs now.
do you have your dogs microchip updated?  why not double-check it?   find your records and give a quick call or check on line for the website for your dog’s chip.  make sure your current contact information is up to date.   
does your dog have an id tag?  make sure you can still read the phone number and information that is on it and if it is outdated order a new one.
do you have a kroger card?   have you selected indiana sheltie rescue as your chosen donation?  we receive money from kroger about $25-50 a month and that helps us tremendously.  click the kroger plus card link for the instructions.  every little bit helps.  kroger plus card
and if you have a little extra leftover cash why not help us out?   we could really use any donations and it is very easy to do.  every $1 adds up and helps us to continue helping homeless shelties.   send a donation via paypal, or mail us a check.   our pay pal link is on the friends page.  support isr
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 if you have an event you would like us to attend please reach out.


  contact teresa cotton for more information 317-445-1617
 
 
 
information regarding our organization:
 
indiana sheltie rescue inc., (isr), is a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation consisting of a small group of volunteers who have come together to help homeless shelties. we are always looking for additional volunteers, and capable and loving foster homes to offer a temporary safe haven to shetland sheepdogs. our shelties make their way into our program as owner surrenders, shelter dogs, or are found as strays by caring individuals. for more information about our organization, please click here.
 
do you need to relinquish a sheltie?  (click here)
looking for a new family member? 
isr adoptable shelties 
do you shop at kroger?  please help us out….click here to find out how.
 

 
 www.petfriendlyplate.org
 








 

 



additional informationhelping hearts club
volunteers
fostering
sheltie reunion pictures
memorials/rainbow bridge
faq & links
indiana sheltie rescue donation 




how indiana sheltie rescue works 
we do not have a shelter facility. the dogs are all in private foster homes. primarily adoptions are arranged by the applicant completing an adoption application which can be found on this website. after we receive and review the application the applicant will be contacted to arrange a home visit. please be aware that due to geographical location we may not be able to process all applications. for the most part we only are able to work within indiana and there are parts of indiana we do not have a volunteer near enough to in order to arrange a home visit. following the home visit and approval of the application arrangements will be made for the applicant to meet the sheltie(s) that may be appropriate for them to adopt. some of the shelties may be located closer to the applicant than others. sometimes we have some of the shelties at public events for an interested person to meet prior to making an application but otherwise we do not ask foster homes to host people in their homes that have not completed the adoption application process. no applicant is obligated to adopt by placing an application but it is the primary way we and most rescue groups arrange adoptions.









home
support isr
adoptions
contact us
kroger plus card
 



indiana sheltie rescue inc. © 2025				





				theme by				wp puzzle







➤



