

 
























home - ironwood electronics


































































 

























toggle navigation








products

sockets
grypper
production test contactors
thermal
board-to-board connectors
adapters
turn-key
custom


tech info

technical articles
product presentations
user manuals
cross references
press releases
patents
videos


request

quote
data sheets
download catalog
download catalog japanese version
download grypper catalog


contact us

contact information
schedule virtual meeting
distributors
manufacturer reps
events
job opportunities
about us
mission statement


part # search
 










standard part search








 0



login / register





































high speed sockets                            


up to 110 ghz
>500k insertions                        





grypper                            


true zero footprint bga sockets
0.35mm pitch and above                        





ate/production test                         contactors                            


for analog/rf/mmwave
device testing                        





imperium                            


benchtop thermal control system
-55°c to 155°c                        





board-to-board connector                            


94ghz signal speed
>0.3mm pitch, coaxial configuration                        





sockets & adapters                            


pluggable bga socket adapters
0.75mm pitch and above                        





adapters & modules                         turn-key solutions                            


obsolete ic replacement
high & low volume solutions                        





custom engineering                         services                            


30 amp test fixture 
1000 watt heat sink                        

slider html

























 give us a call!
















sockets dc to 110ghz performance bga sockets, wlcsp sockets, bga sockets and qfn sockets utilizes smallest industry footprint that accommodates 0.2mm device pitch and above device pincount supported up to 10,000. 




grypper zero footprint bga socket for characterization & failure analysis accommodates device pitch 0.35mm and above. device pincount supported up to 3600. 




ate/production test contactors new from irownood electronics, high performance rf rigid pin, utilizing ironwood’s proprietary cartridge. 




imperium benchtop thermal control system for temperature a range of-55°c to 155°c. rated at 10w@-40°c. 




board-to-board connector connectors using spring pin, elastomer and pin/socket interconnect technology provide up to 94ghz signal speed in a smallest footprint for prototype and production applications. 




adapters bga socket adapter systems and board-to-board interconnection for engineering and production use of devices with pitch 0.75mm and above device pincount supported up to 2000. 




turn-key solution includes high density pcb design & manufacturing, ic/component procurement services, automated pick & place assembly (both smt & through hole), in-circuit/boundary scan test and tray, tape & reel packaging. 




custom quick turn custom solutions are our specialty. example includes 30amp spring pin socket for dc-dc module, spider socket that mounts on to existing holes in the production pcb, custom configuration module socket etc. 






who we are and what we do
ironwood electronics offers high performance test sockets and adapters for both engineering and production use of semiconductor devices. ic packages covered include qfn, bga, soic, qfp, lga, wlcsp and other smt packages. our ghz line of sockets with 6 different contact technologies supports up to 110 ghz bandwidth, >=0.2mm pitch, <=10000 pins, 500k insertions and the smallest footprint in the industry.










who we are and what we do
ironwood electronics offers high performance test sockets and adapters for both engineering and production use of semiconductor devices. ic packages covered include qfn, bga, soic, qfp, lga, wlcsp and other smt packages. our ghz line of sockets with 6 different contact technologies supports up to 110 ghz bandwidth, >=0.2mm pitch, <=10000 pins, 500k insertions and the smallest footprint in the industry.





who we serve







why choose us


quality
ironwood electronics is dedicated to providing high quality services and products that meet or exceed requirements and to continuously improve quality.iso 9001:2015 certified



custom
quick turn custom solutions are our specialty, with some custom solutions available as fast as 1 week. we provide electrical, thermal and mechanical simulation - value added custom solutions.



cost savings
our products and solutions are simple, easy-to-use and lower cost than competitive solutions by enabling automation and six sigma/lean principles in every department.



high performance
our products are used in testing next generation semiconductor devices (microprocessor, microcontroller, memory, networking/communication devices, artificial intelligence devices, etc) with the performance second to none




ironwood facts & stats

39+
years of experience


150k+
ic sockets built


1m+
ic adapters built


15k+
catalog parts







it is always a pleasure to work with ironwood.

david








contact ironwood
request a quote












ironwood electronics
1335 eagandale court
eagan, mn 55121, usa
info@ironwoodelectronics.com
p: (952) 229-8200
toll free: (800) 404-0204
fax:  (952) 229-8201                                            

application engineers available m-f
8:00am-4:30pm central standard time

cookie policy
privacy policy





product announcements
get the latest product update from us by subscribing to our product announcements email.



email*

opt-in*

opt-in to receive ironwood electronics communications via e-mail.  please read our privacy policy.*
captcha
  



















certifications






get connected
































©2025 ironwood electronics. all rights reserved.














login formusername(required)password(required)

remember me

 










didn't have account yet? click here to register.lost your password? 







































