



	timeslice technologies - home



























software developersweb, desktop, mobile










home
horse show softwareproducts and servicesnewscontact ussupport











 about timesliceabout timeslice mission statementmission statement peoplepeople 



about timeslice


                            established in the 1980s, timeslice technologies corporation is a private corporation.  we have been providing custom software and commercial applications for over 30 years. 
                        

                            we have extensive experience in the development of multi-user database applications targeting desktop, web, and mobile platforms.

                            our clients include both government and private companies and organizations.  we have been providing custom applications to regional government and police services for over 20 years.

                            timeslice is the developer of the popular horseshowsonline and hss horse show software platform used throughout north america.  


                            the hso family of horse show software products provides a complete solution for horse show managers and horse show exhibitors.  this line of products is used by thousands of dressage, hunter, and jumper horse shows.  hss software whas been awarded platinum level approval by usef (united states equestrian federation) and is recognized by equestrian canada - the governing equestrian organizations in the united states and canada.

                            timeslice also provides support to 3rd party developers working with visual studio, sql server, crystal reports, xamarin and similar mainstream development platforms and tools.

                             



mission statement


                            "timeslice is an innovative, customer-driven company that designs, develops, and delivers cost effective, high quality software solutions."

                            "our goal is to provide both quality software and continuing support to our end users."

                            "profitable growth through customer satisfaction and employee pride"

                         
                    
				


people - our greatest asset

... knowledge, skill, expertise, experience, and a can-do attitude – we have what it takes to get the job done!...

                            at timeslice we are committed to the continuous education and training of our employees through such programs as:
                            

technical training courses.
teambuilding
situational leadership
effective communication

                         

                            we seek to achieve increased employee empowerment, morale, and alignment with the overall goals of the organization.

                            the results speak for themselves as reflected in increased pride, productivity, quality and customer satisfaction!
                        





loading…








ver: 1.0.2023.1019








copyright  ©2025 timeslice technologies
                                             sess: 46


privacy policy


terms of service





login







