





carved wood trim and decorative accents - heartwood carving



 


































	heartwood carvingdesign, fabrication, restoration, and customization
heartwood carving, inc.












call now: 541-868-0666




 







multiple styles with multiple sizes  and wood choices,  all made to order, quick turnaround.  custom art & historic reproductions.    cnc carving since 2003 .  made and shipped from eugene, oregon, usa.  








	heartwood carvingdesign, fabrication, restoration, and customization









toggle navigation

menu





log in





search




0 
cart










catalog 2022standard products




corner blocks, plinths, rosettes & medallions
carved wood medallions 7"- 16"+decorative corner blocks 3" - 8"bullseyes 2.5" - 8"rosettes 2.5" - 6.5"flat-back decorative wood capitalsplinth blocks




onlays, appliques, scrollwork and swags
corner onlays and appliqueswood carved onlays and appliquesscrolled onlays, appliques and swags for wide applicationslarge onlays and appliques 7" - 16"+




finials





keystones





corbels & brackets
brackets and stair bracketscorbels




columns, posts, capitals, pilasters
capitals - four sided or full / half roundcasing pilasters (flat back columns) and capitals (tops)corner posts and corner columnscolumns - full round,  half round &  3/4 round




moldings, crowns & frieze
frieze (squared edge mouldings)moldings (tapered thickness)crown mouldings (ceiling to wall or cabinet tops)accent, detail and door moldings (small profiles)frieze-3d (square edge,  contemporary line)base-3d  (decorative base board molding)




decorative stackable shiplap paneling - tg3d





carved panels
gothic and midieval panelslinenfold panelsrange hood, cabinet header, and fireplace panelsthemed carved panels - tropical, nature, gothic, etcweave panelsdecorative stackable panelling - tg-3dtextured and patterned panels




window & door trim





themed collections
acanthus leafart deco and craftsmanbullseye rosettes and blocksceltic, gaelic, and weavesegg and dartfederal and flutingfleur de lisflowers and floral elementsgothic, tudor and medievalgrapes and vinesgreek inspirationhorse and equestrianlion and wolfnouveau,  transitional and contemporaryoak leaf,  acorns and pine conespineapple carvingropes, twists, spiralsrose and tudor roseshells, beaches and tropical




clearance - new items added (summer 2022)







themed collections




acanthus leaf





art deco and craftsman





bullseye rosettes and blocks





celtic, gaelic, and weaves





egg and dart





federal and fluting





fleur de lis





flowers and floral elements





gothic, tudor and medieval





grapes and vines





greek inspiration





horse and equestrian





lion and wolf





nouveau,  transitional and contemporary





oak leaf,  acorns and pine cones





pineapple carving





ropes, twists, spirals





rose and tudor rose





shells, beaches and tropical







custom work







modifications






reproductions






original work








gallery of custom products




animals and landscape panels





fireplace mantel components





enkeboll inspirations





bars and kitchen islands





furniture components





church and liturgical themes





cabinetry and doors





custom carved panels





range hoods





window, door, and ceiling trim





whimsical art, medallions, and client projects





corbels , brackets, and plinths





capitals and finials





columns, posts,  and legs





newel posts and balusters





recreational vehicles, rvs and bus conversions





signs and things





reproduction and restoration carvings





custom blocks and onlays





arches and niches






about heartwood carving




custom carving quote request





contact us






blogfaqs












search















                         login/new user 
                        
                        


login

                        new account

 wish lists



0 item(s) - $0.00







 


















old world craftsmanship, new world technology







browse our collection of standard products in a range of sizes and wood choices. 
see the products collection







browse our gallery of custom project pieces and installations. 
see the projects gallery







browse our themed collections
see the themed collections







browse our gallery of custom project pieces and installations. 
see the projects gallery







browse our collection of standard products in a range of sizes and wood choices. 
see the products collection







browse our themed collections
see the themed collections












custom carved wood trim, mouldings, and decorative wood accents

	heartwood carving designs and creates a variety of custom wood trim 
and decorative wood accents that represent timeless beauty and value. 
decorative woodwork shapes a home's interior architectural landscape. as
 you browse our website, you will find a unique line of carved wood trim
 and components—our decorative wood carvings, such as appliques, onlays,
 rosettes, trim mouldings, corbels, columns, and more, allow you to add 
your own personal touch.
	at our design studio and production facility in eugene, oregon, 
heartwood carving offers custom wood carving design and period 
reproduction carving services utilizing advanced automated carving 
methods and the highest-grade hardwood and fiberboard. whether your 
project is large or small, our goal is to bring a sense of style and 
distinction to your home, office, or commercial space with the finest in
 architectural wood carvings and decorative wood accents. we also offer 
custom wood trim and carvings for your unique design projects. browse 
our selection or 
	contact us to learn more about our carved wood trim, mouldings, custom woodwork, and more!







this week's featured products














corner block - classic bullseye style #9 size 2.5" to 8"




























onlay - classic pineapple - 4" to 10" tall




























onlay - seahorse




























onlay - fleur de lis #3




























medallion - gothic quatrefoil









































  visit heartwood carving, inc.'s profile on pinterest.









download our catalog










read just some of our rave reviews




3" roaring lions
you carved 3" roaring lion heads for our victorian quarter sawn oak fireplace.  these are absolutely fabulous and bring the piece to life.  thanks!  julie cox
reviewed tue, jun 11 2013 2:08 pm by julie cox




absolutely beautiful finials
i love them!!!!!!  (pineapple finials)
they will make my house extra beautiful!!!
thank you!
judy motlow
reviewed fri, oct 03 2014 4:40 pm by judy motlow




church capitals

	the capitals look great. we look forward to applying them to the altar for the catholic church.
	regards,steve krause
	ratigan schottler, ne
reviewed wed, aug 06 2014 3:58 pm by steve krause, ratigan schottler




gorgeous
joe, the volutes arrived          today - they are gorgeous!  your company does such great          work.             thanks for everything.  i'll send you pictures when the          project is complete.         gayla 
reviewed wed, aug 06 2014 4:13 pm by gayla lewis





 see all testimonials










   541-868-0666   (fax) 541-683-5219 
   email us

catalog 2022standard productscustom workgallery of custom productsabout heartwood carvingblogfaqsreviewsterms of servicecontact us












 © copyright 2025 heartwood carving, inc.. all rights reserved. | responsive website design by heroweb | hosted ecommerce powered by mightymerchant
























