


online-discussion - a place for guitar aficionados











 


























 




a place for guitar aficionados to find discussions about the world's greatest players, artists, guitar gear, guitars, and music! 
killer players, killer music, killer gear and killer ads! 
a kirk95 production, copyrighted (c) 2005, all rights reserved.













 


 web
www.online-discussion.com
















artists


 

robben 
          ford forum

 this 
        is the official robben ford community! find out the latest 
        about robben's gigs, cds, gear, and everything else! we're up to over 
        540 members! 
also 
        make sure you say hi to daved, robben's guitar tech, who gives us a direct 
        link to robben's inner circle and hangs out on the site.


 

scott 
          henderson forum

 this 
        is the new official scott henderson community! find out 
        the latest about scott's, gigs, cds, gear, and everything else! 
look 
        for the "can 
        you top scott" promotion coming in june. hey you get to win stuff! 
        like real pedals that scott uses. and it's funny as hell!
finally, 
        make sure you say hello to john humphrey. john plays bass with scott in 
        the blues trio and has the inside scoop.
scott will answers any questions you may have up on the board. you have to read his member q&a - some of the best stuff you have ever read!


 

michael 
          landau forum

 this 
        is the brand new michael landau community! find out the 
        latest about mikes's, gigs, cds, gear, and everything else! 
we're 
        working on getting mike involved! we need your help building this!
come 
        check it out!
 



steve kimock forum 
this is the official steve kimock discussion board. steve kimock is the original " the other ones" guitarist and a tone and gear connoisseur of the highest order! you want to hear tone and taste 
  steve wanted to make it very clear that he wants this to be a sort of a sanctuary away from the usual internet sturm and drang where he can talk to members seriously about music and music only. 
and the best thing is steve hangs here and posts himself. so please stop in and say hello! 



johnny a. forum 
boston's very own johnny a.! he's got his own johnny a. model gibson  guitar which is the first true original design signature guitar that gibson has produced in 40 years. johnny had played with the streets, bobby whitlock and peter wolf. now a solo artists with two new instrumental guitar cds.
come discuss johnny's music, gigs, tone, cds and guitar! 



jimmy herring 
this is one of the few places on the web dedicated to the master guitarist jimmy herring. herring has played with, aru, allman brothers, frogwings, endangered species, phil and friends, and the dead. jimmy is one of the top players out there today! come join the discussion! 


up and coming artists



guthrie govan 
this is the official guthrie govan discussion board. what if you could take all the modern guitar techniques, add some tasteful melodic development, a keen sense of melody, fiercely cutting edge technique, throw in a little coltrane, zappa, scott henderson and shawn lane.
impossible you say? you have to check out guthrie! 
guthrie hangs out on this board, so come on over and say hello and ask him some questions about his playing and music. 




scott jones 

this is the official scott jones discussion board
scott jones is an amazing musician and guitarist from st. louis. his main musical styles are fusion, jazz, prog, blues...but he has mastered many styles and techniques.
scott's main influences are diverse, but fusion is the main thing: scott henderson, mike landau, pat metheny being the main ones... 
 his latest c.d. "freedom", was on the official finalist's list of potential nominees for a grammy this year for best contemporary jazz album:
scott is a prolific clip poster. check out his board for many many clips of his playing! 



rock legends




stevie ray vaughan


srv discussion 





jimi hendrix 

 jimi discussion 

jazz legends




john coltrane 

 trane discussion 



miles davis

 miles discussion 



wes montgomery 


wes discussion 



 tone



the tonequest forum
discuss your quest for the perfect tone here! one of the top gear publications now has a world class discussion board. so go talk tone, amps, guitars, pedals and music here with david wilson! 
you want to see some of the best guitar gear content anywhere on the web in world? check out eric clapton's and doyle bramhall's rigs!


 

two 
          rock owners community

 
this 
          is the official two rock owners community. you own a two rock? want 
          to own a two rock? go here! these amps rock!!!!
also, 
          we do a live chat with the two rock builders joe and bill every other 
          wednesday at 7 pm pst. talk tone with the tone experts of the we b.... 
          everybody is there!
check 
          it out!




nothing but clips 
 
nothing but clips 
post and listen to member clips! 
there are some great players up there - check 'em out! 



guitar gear review 
 
guitar gear review 
members review their own gear here! get the real scoop from guitar players on all the latest guitar gear! 


  

online-network 
        photos
 
 now 
        we can share, post, comment, view and share all our photos of robben ford, 
        scott henderson and michael landau.
so 
        please sign up and post all your photos of these guys. we will create 
        a huge master gallery for all to view and enjoy!
also 
        post pics of your guitars here! we wand to create the largest guitar gallery 
        on the internet!
this 
        app rocks! you can send guitar greeting cards to all 
        you friends!


 guitaraholic 
        central
 this 
        is where we try to help one another deal with our gear obsessions. yea...right! 
        i need more gear! assorted gear topics for your obsessing enjoyment.
this 
        was my first community. some interesting reading is up there ... check it 
        out!


affiliate partner


 


affiliate partner





artist
song name
composer
composition
instrument





 


affiliate partner





search:


all products
books
popular music
music downloads
classical music
dvd
vhs
apparel
toys
baby
computers
computer & video games
electronics
camera & photo
software
tools & hardware
magazines
sporting goods
outdoor living
kitchen & housewares
jewelry & watches
gourmet food
health/personal care
cell phones & service
outlet



keywords:












  












 
 
my 
  favorite boards elsewhere on the net!


the 
      gear page

this is 
      the best place on the web to talk gear imho!


fender 
      discussion page
the fdp forum contains 
      a collection of individual forums to discuss all things related to fender: 
      guitars, basses, amps, modifications and repairs, performing, recording, 
      etc.


huge racks
talk about your guitar gear racks and rigs here! wait to you see the gear over here!


weber speaker board 
talk speakers with speaker expert ted weber! 


baker 
      guitars
i love these guitars 
      and gene baker is a great builder and person. 


the 
      les paul forum
les paul lovers, this 
      is your heaven!


lentz 
      guitars forum 
handcrafted world class 
      strats and teles! very nice!


suhr 
      guitar forum
scott henderson plays 
      these guitars and michael landau uses his pickups. i want one soon! these 
      guitars rock!


vintage 
      guitar effects forum
built by analogman or 
      analogmike. this guy builds and sells some the best pedals around!


telecaster 
      discussion page reissue
the worlds most popular 
      source of information and discussion 
      on the simple genius of the fender telecaster®


the 
      fender forum
an unofficial fender 
      forum for guitar and amp enthusiasts.


gibson 
      discussion page reissue
the single source of 
      information and discussion 
      on the complete range in gibson musical instruments®


music 
      toyz.com forums 
pedals, pedalboards 
      and other toys! fun stuff!


digidesign 
      user conference 
discuss pro tools here!


plexi 
      palace - vintage amp forums 

this online tool is 
      here to help plexi palace and mojave ampworks patrons and customers share 
      their gear experiences in a meaningful and positive way. 



harmony 
      central user forums
too big for me, but 
      some great threads!


 
other 
  player forums i like


the 
        frank gambale's message board



the 
        alan holdsworth fan forum


  
  



















   
 



