
























comprehensive electrical consultants - electrical contracting, estimating, consulting



comprehensive electrical consultants


comprehensive electrical consultants is a full-service electrical consulting company.  our services include:  estimating, simple take-offs, cad, design and scheduling.


please excuse the appearance of our site.  we are undergoing major web page changes.

listing of services

company overview
freelance electrical estimating
electrical takeoffs
freelance electrical "cad" drawings
electrical system design
project management
links

comprehensive electrical consultantsp.o. box 104 dacula, georgia 30019phone (770) 597-7011   
for information on any of our servicese-mail comprehensive electrical consultants
company overview
the president of comprehensive electrical consultants is a licensed professional in the electrical field, holding a class ii, unrestricted license in the state of georgia.  he was most recently employed as a project manager for an electrical contractor in the atlanta, georgia area.  the majority of his project management experience has been in the commercial / industrial sector with multi-family experience as well.
in the past, he has also been employed as a consultant with a large construction consulting company in atlanta.  in that capacity he has done work for private sector
companies, us army, us navy, us air force and us coast guard.  having been in the electrical industry since 1986 we have gained extensive experience with the following estimating systems:  mc-squared,
accubid, mccormick, composer, composer gold, ces and joc-pds.

freelance electrical estimating
estimates can be individually broken down into required areas and tailored for the client's specific application.  if requested and supplied, the client's 
material dollars and labor units/rates can be used in producing the estimate.  this service is excellent for clients who have estimating staff out on vacation or for illness. also an excellent 
service for smaller contractors who cannot support a full-time estimating staff.

electrical takeoffs
the takeoff procedure can be tailored to fit your needs.  the takeoff can be arranged into any format required by the client to ease in the
entry of these items into their estimating system.  this is our most popular service, allowing our staff to do the takeoff while allowing your staff to concentrate on the final assembly of the estimates.

freelance electrical "cad" drawings
we have the ability to produce "cad" drawings in the autocad r12-windows format.  with a tenative plan drawn by the client, we have the ability to produce 
drawings that relay the clients intent in a neat and professional manner.


electrical system design
with a footprint of the building and a detailed narrative we can design, or aid in the design of your project.  from turnkey to piece meal, we can help you achieve
the level of design required.  from the earliest stages to the permit and construction level of design, we can assist you with your project.

program and project management
we offer our clients our expertise in reviewing contract documents and change orders.  we can assist in scheduling, or can produce a schedule if given the general contractors anticipated schedule.  we will assist in assembling buyout lists and reviewing quotes.




submit your page to 34 popular sites for free using one form!

