





anti-virus web protection & spyware removal | stopsign™ internet security


















anti-virus software, spyware protection & firewall - stopsign™ internet securitycomplete web protection with anti-virus, anti-spyware, and firewall.home
products

threat scanner
on-access scanner
firewall
system requirements


download
support
testimonials
contact

about


buy stopsign
legal

gpl
privacy


buy



 tired of complicated anti-virus & web protection software? fed up with hidden fees or additional charges for malware security that you've already paid for? then download stopsign for a free virus & malware diagnosis for your pc.

our award-winning anti-virus & malware protection software is simple, easy to understand, and a great value. with over 6 million downloads, stopsign is trusted by people just like you who are looking for virus & malware protection software that just works.

download stopsign today!

 





todd october 13, 2016 national cyber security awareness month 2016

the month of october 2016 is the 13th annual national cyber security awareness month (ncsam) here in the united states. internet (cyber) security continues to be at the forefront of our minds as we push further into the 21st century, and once again president obama has made a presidential proclamation regarding the need for increased cybersecurity:
technology plays an increasingly significant role in our daily lives. the rise of the internet has brought incredible opportunity and new ways of innovating and enhancing our way of life — but with great potential also comes heightened risk to our data. keeping cyberspace secure is a matter of national security, and in order to ensure we can reap the benefits and utility of technology while minimizing the dangers and threats it presents, we must continue to make cybersecurity a top priority. throughout national cybersecurity awareness month, we recognize the role that individuals can play in enhancing cybersecurity, and we join to raise awareness of the importance of securing our information against cyber threats. (read more)
we all have a part in taking cybersecurity seriously and addressing it in our every day lives. the staff of stopsign internet security software is proud to be part of the solution by providing excellent antivirus, antispyware, and firewall software as recommended by the department of homeland security for every computer user in the us.

special offer: once again we’re offering a special discount of 20% off our stopsign internet security software (which includes antivirus, antispyware, and firewall software [downloaded separately]) for anyone using the coupon code “ncsam” during national cyber security awareness month. to take advantage of this money saving offer, visit the stopsign shopping cart and enter the code to get your special price. (the site will open in a new window.) please note that the discount will not be applied to the stopsign cd box.
if you don’t see the coupon entry form right away, click on the coupon code link in “step 2” on the cart to enter your coupon code before you order!

 
stopsign is proud to endorse ncsam by helping raise awareness regarding internet security-related topics. for more information on national cyber security awareness month or government recommendations on cyber security, please visit staysafeonline.org.

image courtesy of department of homeland security
if you're looking for great anti-virus software that won't break the bank, try stopsign. you don't pay extra for tech support for difficult malware, and our web protection software just works. download & install stopsign to find out why our members choose us over the other options.filed under: blog tagged with: cyber security, internet security, ncsam, stopsign todd april 20, 2016 hackers, identity theft, and internet security
the problem of online identity theft is growing, with any computer system open to being targeted and breached by a hacker who knows how to get around a sub-par internet security system. every day, thousands of people transfer personal information online, making them a target for that hacker. with so much communication and data transfer […]
continue reading...filed under: blog todd february 2, 2016 cryptolocker and you
in the world of internet security, new versions and variants of malware appear on a daily basis, although relatively few pieces of new malware actually get notable time in the spotlight. despite all the discussion of worms and backdoors, much of the time, new works of malware these days are designed simply to facilitate browser […]
continue reading...filed under: blog todd december 3, 2015 what is phishing?
“phishing” is a form of internet fraud. it aims to obtain a users personal information such as credit cards, social security numbers, user ids and passwords. such information can be used for identity theft. how does it happen? phishing can be carried out in person, over the phone, through spam e-mail or popup windows. the […]
continue reading...filed under: blog anthony november 14, 2014 internet explorer zero-day exploit – what you need to know
by now, most of us have heard of the new zero-day exploit for internet explorer that was revealed last week. beyond the realm of the media, which likes to immediately declare security issues a harbinger of doom and are quick to assign blame to everyone from the software developer to secret government agencies, these type […]
continue reading...filed under: blog next page » 
questions? call us at 800-786-7744.


 




 



 





 download stopsign today!

recent blog comments

  recent posts


national cyber security awareness month 2016


hackers, identity theft, and internet security


cryptolocker and you


what is phishing?


internet explorer zero-day exploit – what you need to know


see you, windows xp


gift card balance scams (and other ways to ruin a gift)


cryptolocker and you


outbreak alert – backdoor.win32.zaccess


outbreak alert – cryptolocker



 

return to top of pagecopyright © 2021 stopsign™/eacceleration corp. ™. all rights reserved.






