

genii software | geniihome

















































about genii
products
downloads
weblog

 
 
 









recent news





recent news


 announcing midas lsx and midas c++ api 5.60 with enhanced rendering support

 announcing coexlinks fidelity 3.70 with mobile/web and linux support

 announcing coexlinks fidelity 3.65 with enhanced performance and multi-processing

 announcing midas lsx 5.00

 announcing coexlinks 3.0 with coexlinks clipper and coexlinks fidelity

planned videos, demos and tutorials

into notes part 1: importing from eclipse help
coexedit for xpages

recent videos, demos and tutorials

time to migrate (coexlinks migrate)
modernise your data (appsfidelity)
batch export mail db (coexlinks migrate)
coexlinks migrate - a brief introductory demo (coexlinks migrate)
out of notes part 10 - to s8ql server/db2 (midas lsx)
out of notes part 9 - professional polish (midas lsx)
out of notes part 8 - integrating with notes 9 and the browser plugin (midas lsx)
out of notes part 7 - multidatabase export (midas lsx)
out of notes part 6 - export a thread to epub (midas lsx)
out of notes part 5 - to sharepoint (midas lsx)
out of notes part 4 - linked collections (midas lsx)
out of notes part 3 - epublish from xpages (midas lsx)
out of notes part 2 - capsule views (midas lsx)
out of notes part 1 - the challenge (midas lsx)
cross-reference smartlinks (midas rich text lsx)






genii software




midas and coexedit (now appsfidelity) help create ls sessions db


creating the lotusphere session db required html importing, rich text data mining, complex text formatting, remote web editing and more, but with  genii software's own midas lsx and appsfidelity web editing coexistence tool, it was no problem turning out the popular and often downloaded database.

the right tools for the job, that's all. 
- ben langhinrichs
president, genii software






midas rich text lsx helps tlcc deliver courses


geniisoft had the product that allowed us to move a notes database into a series of html pages.  this allowed us to move our courses (which were delivered as a notes database) to websphere studio so the students can take our course using websphere studio help.

genisoft's product allowed us to deliver to our customers an entirely new group of courses.  we can develop a course using notes and then push a button and move that course into websphere studio. - howard greenberg, the learning continuum company
leading provider of notes/domino and websphere training courses






midas rich text lsx makes "impossible possible"


i feel that geniisoft's midas rich text lsx is an exceptional product that allows a developer to manipulate rich text in ways that just aren't possible with any other tool. midas makes the impossible possible in many cases.

i am currently closing a deal that will use midas - it is on my "short list" of tools that are recommended without hesitation.- rocky "lotusgeek" oliver






midas enhances pcp product  (read german version)


"pcp information und kommunikation gmbh is a german consultant and ibm business partner mainly advising german savings banks and co-op banking institutions. for this business unit, we developed a product called pcp textmanagement, based on lotus notes/domino. with this product, our customers can handle both standardised and individualized commercial correspondence. we use the midas rich text lsx, because the coding in richtext in lotus script is limited..." [read full quote]  - sascha proske, pcp information und kommunikation gmbh






midas verleiht unserem produkt pcp (read english version)


"die pcp information und kommunikation gmbh ist ein deutsches consulting unternehmen und betreut als ibm business partner überwiegend finanzinstitute im sparkassenumfeld und im genossenschaftlichen bereich. für diesen geschäftsbereich haben wir auf basis lotus notes/domino ein produkt (pcp textmanagement) entwickelt, mit dem die institute ihren kompletten standardschriftverkehr, so wie auch individualschriftverkehr abwickeln können. da die programmiermöglichkeiten im bereich richtext unter lotus script nur eingeschränkt möglich sind, nutzen wir zu diesem zweck midas rich text..." [read full quote]- sascha proske, pcp information und kommunikation gmbh






midas helps move mobil/exxon to notes


when mobil/exxon made the decision to standardize on notes as a messaging and collaboration platform, they turned to binary tree to work with them on the migration from exchange.  when mobil/exxon explained their stringent requirements for content preservation, binary tree turned to the midas rich text lsx to provide the power and flexibility to complete the migration.

 "everything is working great with the midas rtf library.  your product and support are fantastic!"- greg bush, migration tools team leader, binarytree.com






coexlinks eases pain of email coexistence


"our company has many lotus notes\domino workflow applications that notify users of pending approvals through emails containing lotus notes doclinks. when the decision was made to migrate off lotus notes email to exchange email, we needed to find a quick and easy solution to enable our users to access the workflow documents easily within outlook.  genii's coexlinks was the perfect solution. it converts our workflow doclinks into attachments that our outlook users launch to access lotus notes documents with the lotus notes client."- aroon mital, senior domino developer,samsung sds america.






midas empowers bureau of national affairs


"we have been using your midas rich text lsx and other products for almost 8 years. our many products are vastly improved and much easier to maintain through the use of midas, and your newest release added methods and properties that will be the key to dramatically improving how we at bna send out over 10,000 product based email messages daily. midas is great.  we couldn't live without it, but more important than the product features is the support we have used over the years and continue to get."- george banning, the bureau of national affairs, inc.







coexistence and migration solutions

appsfidelity  4.5
appsfidelity edit
edit rich text fields from the web as easily as from the notes client using popular, widely available wysiwyg web editors, and edit them from notes as well, with appsfidelity handling the coexistence.  retain formatting, tables, images and links while taking advantage of both the web and the notes client.  no scripts or agents required.  

appsfidelity migrate
when the rich content you have in notes needs to be equally high quality rich content outside of notes.

appsfidelity render
when your need access to rich content inside your xpage, mobile or classic web app, appsfidelity render makes it available upon demand.

download the appsfidelity user manual or read the on-line appsfidelity help database (under construction, but still useful).



coexlinks fidelity 4.61
enable easy coexistence between notes e-mail and non-notes e-mail systems using coexlinks fidelity. high quality rendering allows external users to see see what notes users sent in external mail or internal mail viewed through inotes or notes traveler. converts notes links into ndl files, notes urls or web urls to simplify mixed domino and outlook or other e-mail system environments.  read the lotus notes & non-notes coexistence whitepaper.  for more information, download the user manual 






coexlinks migrate 4.60
high performance, high fidelity exports for notes email databases and archives. exports to standards-based email formats, mbox, eml and ics (for calendars and tasks)., as well as html for archival viewing.






exciton boost 4.6.2 (rest and rpc apis)
secure, flexible, high performance rest api combined with powerful remote procedure call api combine to allow modern mobile/web applications to utilize domino fully. fine-grained agent and formula execution allows business logic to be situated on either the client or server without compromising security and access control. high fidelity round-trip operations ensure that data, even complex rich text data, can be created and manipulated from both the mobile app and the domino server and be usuable on both.








development tools

midas lsx 5.76
export rich content to html, epub, csv, mht, eml and more. manage doclinks, create dynamic tables, generate html, send mime e-mail and take control your rich text in notes and domino. fully supports r8.x through hcl notes/domino 14.x!

download our sample programs.






midas c++ api 5.75
integrate rich text manipulation and html generation deep into your own software.  the power of the midas lsx at the level required by isvs and hard-core developers.

download our sample programs.







 






 

copyright © 1996-2024 genii software ltd. all rights reserved


contact us| privacy policy

 




 


