

  free chinese lessons - learn to speak, read and write chinese







































skip to content menu  free chinese lessonshome 
about us 
blog 
contact 
 close menu   
 learn to speak, read and write chinese 
 pronunciation basicsview more writing basicsview more speaking chineseview more pick a lesson to get started.
there is no need to register or sign-up. just click a lesson and start learning. 
lessons 
 
 pronunciation basics 
 basic information for spoken mandarin. you will want to refer back to it often as proceed through the lessons.  
 writing basics 
 chinese writing is non-alphabetic and non-phonetic. the meaning of a character can be understood without knowing its pronunciation.  
 speaking chinese 
 we begin with some simple greetings that you can use at any time of day. you’ll be having conversations in no time.lessons free. 
 more lessons  the latest 
 product review: yoyo chinese – chinese taught in plain english yoyo chinese is definitely worth the price of admission. our new review for 2021 tells you everything you need to know. can you teach chinese? isn’t it a pleasure to study and practice what you have learned? these are the words that open the analects of confucius, a book of sayings attributed to china’s greatest philosopher and one of the most studied books in china for the past 2,000 years. it’s no wonder that teachers command a great deal of […] tip 01: reading chinese signs and menus if you’ve been working your way through the chinese lessons on this site you may be wondering when it gets easier. there really is no quick and easy way to learn a language. you’ll have to put in the hard work and not get frustrated when the process seems too slow. there’s a chinese proverb […]   
back to topcompanyabout us
blog
contact
lessonsthe basics
beginner lessons
chinese for children
referencechinese glossary
family names
country names
list of occupations
connect with us    © 2004 - 2025  free chinese lessonsprivacy & terms
 

