















home
employment
staff
forms
departments


county commission

commissioner bustos
commissioner morales
commissioner naranjo

other elected officials

other elected officials
 


boards

lodgers tax board
planning and zoning board



departments & divisions



animal control 
assessor
clerk 
county manager's office 
detention
economic development
emergency preparedness
finance
fire marshal
fleet maintenance
health care assistance program
health human services
housing
human resources
 


onate center
planning and zoning
probate judge
public information 
public works
rac extension office 
rac-stop
recreation
risk management
roads
seniors
sheriff
treasurer
 


services

services

building rentals
current rfp's for bid


public records request policy











visitor info


places to see, things to do…


art & music

abiquiu studio tour
dixon studio tour 
high road artisans 
northern new mexico hispano music association 



activities

county calendar of events 
cumbres toltec
nm calendar of events
rac senior olympic registration



lakes & recreation areas

abiquiu lake 
 

other useful links

city of espaã±ola 
ncrtd
north central solid waste authority
northern new mexico college 
rio arriba county fair association 
village of chama 
 

local history

county history
usc berkeley project

weather

national weather service







































news & announcements

regular meetings of the
(bocc) will be held on the fourth thursday of each month at 10:00 am.
(click here to see the latest job postings)
comprehensive plan comment
 
surplus auction
county directory












rio arriba county

"protecting what's yours"
our mission statement: rio arriba county will use its constitutional powers to provide for the safety, preserve health, promote prosperity, and improve the morals, order, comfort, and convenience of the
inhabitants of rio arriba county.
 
  
  planning and zoning is seeking information and is welcoming input regarding community goals. to participate complete the survey in this link. 
 
 
rio arriba county comprehensive plan update community open houses dates/location. click on this link to see the schedule
rio arriba county 2025 comprehensive plan update: draft goals & strategies
 
rio arriba county comprehensive plan
 
our administrative offices are located at:
 rio arriba county seat:
  149 state rd. 162  
    tierra amarilla, nm 87575
phone: (575) 588-7254    fax (575) 588-7810
rio arriba county annex building:
    1122 industrial park road
    española, nm 87532
phone: (505) 753-2992    fax: (505) 753-9397
















archived agendas
upcoming county commission meeting agenda & notices:
notice
notice is hereby given that a regular meeting of the board of county commissioners of rio arriba, new mexico, will be held at the rio arriba county administrative complex commission chambers, tierra amarilla, new mexico 87575, on thursday, february 27, 2025 at the hour of 10:00 a.m. for the purpose of discussing and taking action on items listed on the agenda. copies of the agenda will be available to the public online at http://www.rio-arriba.org and at the office of the county manager (española and tierra amarilla, new mexico), at least seventy-two (72) hours prior to the meeting.
notice
notice is hereby given that a regular meeting of the rio arriba county housing board of directors of rio arriba, new mexico, will be held at the rio arriba county administrative complex commission chambers, tierra amarilla, new mexico 87575, on thursday, february 27, 2025 at the hour of 9:45 a.m. for the purpose of discussing and taking action on items listed on the agenda. copies of the agenda will be available to the public at the office of the rio arriba housing authority, 737 la joya street, española, new mexico, at least seventy-two (72) hours prior to the meeting.


 



home
county directory
forms
bill pay
job listings
rfps
county government
state government
visitor services
site map
© 2011 rio arriba county, all rights reserved


