









wilshire residences @ holland - +65 6100-0721 singapore

















































































 

















  









freehold new launch 1km from nanyang pri
fully sold!



get vvip discount














home
developer
wilshire residences 

project details
unit mix
location map
site plan
floor plan
pricing
gallery
video
e-brochure
elevation chart
balance units chart


holland 

central area ura master plan


press 

positive start for sales of three private residences
roxy-pacific and te2 acquire the wilshire for $98.8 mil


financing 

stamp duty
payment scheme
housing loan information
——————— calculators ———————
maximum loan eligibility calculator (tdsr)
progressive payment calculator
rental yield calculator


showflat 

book appointment (get discount)
registration status


contact
 















 





 

for sales enquiries 

get developer price   

6100-0721 







 

for sales enquiries 

get developer price   

6100-0721 







 

for sales enquiries 

get developer price   

6100-0721 



 




wilshire residences latest updateslast updated: 18th february 2025


latest unit sold: #11-03 on 12-mar-2023 | see the balance units chart




wilshire residences is fully sold!





tuesday, february 18th 2025: book an appointment to view the wilshire residences condo showflat and get direct developer price + discounts. no agent fees payable! check your loan eligibility using the updated max loan eligibility calculator (tdsr).
18-02-2025: the estimated top date of wilshire residences has been brought forward to 31 july 2023 (subject to changes).
22-02-2023: drop-out unit! 2 bedroom + guest! pricing from $2.266 mil!
26-09-2023: last 2 bedroom + guest for sale! 753sf, $2.266mil
12-03-2023: #11-03 sold!
26-02-2023: #10-03 sold!
22-02-2023: #09-03 sold!
18-02-2023: #11-05 sold!
07-04-2019: floor plan, site plan and e-brochure have been uploaded.
15-03-2019: project details and unit mix have been updated.
01-03-2019: welcome to wilshire residences website!

 
view past updates









wilshire residences condo project info






project name
wilshire residences



project address
30 farrer road, singapore 268832


developer
tong eng group, roxy-pacific holdings limited and kim seng holdings pte ltd


tenure
freehold


district
10


number of units
85


unit types and sizes range
11 units of 1-bedroom: 463 sqft (603 sqft for ph unit)


11 units of 2-bedroom: 646 sqft (797 sqft for ph unit)


44 units of 2-bedroom + guest: 732 to 797 sqft (861 sqft to 980 sqft for ph unit)


11 units of 3-bedroom: 840 sqft to 861 sqft (990 sqft for ph unit)


8 units of 4-bedroom + guest: 1,270 sqft (1485 sqft for ph unit)


site area
3,635.3 square metre (approximately 39,131.32 square feet)


no. of carpark lots
85 car parking lots and 2 accessible car parking lots, 5 motorcycle lots, 22 bicycle lots.


estimated top date
31 may 2023 (subject to changes)


estimated legal completion date
31 july 2027 (subject to changes)


nearest mrt station to wilshire residences
farrer road mrt (cc20) – part of circle line



good schools within 1km of wilshire residences

nanyang primary school (special assistance plan primary school)



pricing from
$2.143 mil for 2-bedroom + guest, 753sf (stack 3)











freehold holland development 1km from nanyang pri sch!








wilshire residences condo developer


wilshire residences is jointly developed by tong eng group, roxy-pacific holdings limited, and kim seng holdings pte ltd.
tong eng group has more than 60 years of experience in developing real estate in singapore. always seeking to innovate by incorporating new ideas and technologies into their projects, tong eng group endeavours to construct buildings that are of the highest standards and have lasting practicality.
some projects developed by tong eng group are three balmoral, goodword grand and belgravia green, which was launched in nov 2018.
an award-winning developer with experience dating back to its founding in may 1967, the current project launches by roxy-pacific include arena residences at guillemard crescent and two singapore core central region condos – the district 9 project of rv altitude at river valley and the district 11 development of fyve derbyshire situated at novena.
in q4 2019 , roxy-pacific will be preparing to launch another freehold project named neu at novena, which is just 4 minutes walk from the novena mrt station.
towards the end of 2022, roxy-pacific will jointly a new freehold development at institution hill with macly group and lwh holdings. the project is named hill house, which comprises of 72 residential apartments.
buyers who love staying in the holland locale would find the pricing of wilshire residences starting from $1.172 mil for a 1-bedroom apartment very attractive for a freehold district 10 project just 600 metres from an mrt station.








wilshire residences condo location map


wilshire residences is a freehold, new project launch located at 30 farrer road, an excellent central singapore location just 9 minutes walk to farrer road mrt station and within 10 minutes drive from orchard road.
singapore botanic gardens, gazetted as a unesco world heritage site, is situated within 5 minutes drive from the development.
nestled in the tanglin planning area of singapore, the district 10 condo is just 1 mrt stop away from the vibrant holland village, one of singapore well-known dining place that is always buzzing with life and activities. holland village is set to be even more lively and exciting with the imminent completion of one holland village, which will add 13,500 square feet of retail space, providing residents in the vicinity with more culinary options and shopping choices.
for alternative dining options, one can also choose the nearby demspey hill, a quaint locale set in lush greenery. a tranquil place which has retained its old-world charm, dempsey hill has many fine dining restaurants, picturesque cafés and dazzling wine bars for one to choose from.
renowned schools near wilshire residences include hwa chong institution, national junior college and the highly popular nanyang primary school, which lies within the coveted 1km radius from the development.
a comprehensive list of amenities near the freehold district 10 condo can be found using the wilshire residences location map.








wilshire residences condo showflat


kindly register for an appointment here or contact us at +65 6100-0721 before travelling down to view the wilshire residences showflat.
the showflat may be closed by the developer for maintenance purposes on certain arranged dates and we do not wish you to make an unfulfilled trip.
online registrants who have booked a showflat appointment here will receive the direct developer price of wilshire residences.
there is no commission payable by the purchaser for buying any apartment at wilshire residences.
all the apartments available for sale at the district 10 condo will be on a first come first serve basis.






showflat



the showflat unit is the 2 bedroom + guest, 797sf, type b4-g. it has the biggest area and biggest enclosed kitchen out of the 4 floor plan types for “2 bedroom + guest”
be wowed by the space inside the showroom though it is just a “2 bedroom + guest” apartment. after viewing the show unit, you would feel it is considerably bigger than 797 square feet due to the superior layout planning by the architect.


book an appointment to get direct developer pricebook an appointment


wilshire residences - day view





wilshire residences is a brand-new freehold condo launch located at 30 farrer road. the condominium is situated in a prime core central region (rcr) address of singapore, which allows its future residents to enjoy short travelling time to both orchard road and the central business district.
farrer road mrt station, which is about 600 metres from the condo, and the bus-stops located outside the project and across farrer road, provide the development with excellent public transport connectivity. having an mrt station within 9 minutes walk from the condo adds to the rental appeal of the project to prospective tenants.
circle line
the farrer road mrt station is part of the circle line (ccl), which currently has 30 stations. when the three circle line 6 (ccl6) stations of keppel, cantonment and prince edward are completed and operational in 2025, the circle line will have 33 stations in total.
as the circle line intersects with the downtown line (dtl), the thomson-east coast line (tel), the north-south line (nsl), the north-east line (nel) and the east-west line (ewl) at strategic interchange stations, travelling on the circle line will cut short trips between the north, west and east regions of singapore. this provides the commuters with more convenience.
future residents of wilshire residences who wish to visit holland village and the soon-to-be-completed one holland village can reach it via the holland village mrt station, which is just 1 stop away from the farrer road mrt station.
for commuters who wishes to use the east-west line to travel, the bouna vista mrt station, which is an mrt interchange station along the circle line and the east-west line, is just 2 mrt stations away.
one-north mrt station, which is near the high-tech sector of one-north is just 3 mrt stations away from the farrer road mrt station. due to its proximity and the high number of expats working there, the one-north area is expected to be a key tenant catchment area for wilshire residences.
botanic gardens
lovers of parks would be captivated by the location of wilshire residences, as the project is just 5 minutes drive from the 160-year-old singapore botanic gardens. this also allows the architects to incorporate the theme of “garden” into the project when designing the landscape.
spanning a total area of 82 hectares after the addition of the 8-hectare addition of the gallop extension, the widely visited botanic gardens possesses a vast collection of plants, flower, animals and scenic lakes. as of today, it is still the first and only tropical botanic garden on the unesco’s world heritage list, a status it attained on 4th july 2015, just a month before singapore’s 50th year of independence.
with the botanic gardens lying in such close proximity to the condo, visiting the gardens can be a daily affair, be it an early morning jog in the fresh air afforded by the gardens or a stroll in the evening after a long day’s work.
project details
wilshire residences will be the successor to the former project at the site, the wilshire. it will be developed by a collaboration between two pre-eminent singapore developers, tong eng group and roxy-pacific holdings pte ltd, and the investment company of kim seng holdings pte ltd. the developers bought the wilshire in january 2018 for $98.8 million.
the site area of the condo is approximately 39,131.3 square feet, with a plot ratio of 1.6 under the 2014 master plan. the topography of the land site is undulating, producing terrain outlines which can be visually pleasing to the eye.
the district 10 freehold development will comprise of two 12-storey towers housing a total of 85 residential units. the façade of the residential block has a sleek and modern curtain-wall design that will set it apart from its older neighbouring projects. in using a curtain-wall design, the amount of natural lighting filtering into the apartments is optimized while at the same time, the views when looking out from the full-height windows of the units is maximized.
the unit mix in the condo ranges from 1 bedroom to 4 bedroom + guest.  there will be a total of 8 stacks in the development, with “2 bedroom” and “2-bedroom + guest” taking up 5 stacks. all the stacks will start from level 2, only with only exception being the “4-bedroom + guest” unit type, which will start from the 5th floor. hence, there will only be 7 typical units and 1 penthouse unit for the “4-bedroom + guest” floor plan type.
there will be a total of 4 lifts in the two 12-storey residential blocks, with 2 lifts in each block. the 2 lifts in each block will serve 3 to 4 units per level, allowing the development have a high lift-to-apartment ratio.
the parking lots in the project are located on the 2 basement levels, with the communal facilities being spread across the 1st floor, the 2nd floor and the roof terrace of the development.
the roof terrace in the project, which is above the 12th floor apartments, will serve 2 purposes – having outdoor communal facilities for residents to utilize and enjoy, and offering 4 choices of scenic views from the vantage point of the development.
peering towards the south-eastern direction from the roof terrace, one would be catching the sights of dempsey hill. standing at the western side of the roof terrace, which is near the flower sanctuary facility, one would be facing towards holland village. when one faces the northern direction from the roof terrace, one would be catching the sights of the victoria park good class bungalow area (gcba).
the viewing lounge is aptly placed at the eastern side of the roof terrace because this direction offers arguably the best views. from the viewing lounge, one can capture the soothing and refreshing sights of the lush greenery of the unesco heritage site of singapore botanic gardens.
wilshire residences apartment details
the floor area in every apartment, with the exception of the 1-bedroom, is fully maximized as the main door would open directly to the living/dining room, and not to a landing foyer. the 1-bedroom is different in that the main door opens directly to the kitchen, and not the living/dining room, but it too has no landing foyer.
in the planning of the floor plans of the 2-bedroom and bigger apartments, the architect also minimized the circulation area, which is commonly known as the corridor, or walkway leading to the bedrooms. the 1-bedroom does not have a circulation area as the bedroom lies directly next to the living/dining room.
with minimal circulation area and no landing foyer in the layouts, the floor areas in all the apartments are designed to be fully maximized.
all apartments in the project have a combined living and dining area. the advantage of this type of layout is the dining room will be well-lit during the day. there would also be no wastage of a small dividing corridor of space which is usually the case if the living room and dining room are split up and are at the opposite sides of the dividing corridor of space.
many of the units have a corresponding landscape-shaped balcony to maximize the view from the living and dining area. the balcony can also serve as the dining room if one likes to have a bigger living room area.
the apartments in wilshire residences which are 2 bedroom and bigger will have an enclosed kitchen, which is atypical for the current 2-bedroom apartments for sale in the new launch market. most 2 bedroom in the new developments would normally have an open kitchen, which makes the wilshire residences 2 bedroom units with enclosed kitchen layout a rarity.
all bathrooms, be it the master bathroom or common bathrooms, in all unit types would have windows. the window in the bathroom will allow for natural ventilation of the bathroom. having windows for all bathrooms in a new launch project is rather rare because in the current new launch market, most 1-bedroom, 2-bedroom and at times even 3-bedroom apartments would have mechanical ventilation for the bathrooms. having mechanical ventilation for the bathroom invariably contributes to higher energy usage.
a common theme in this development is the full height windows for all bedrooms in every apartment. this is highly desirable as full height windows provide better visual access to the surrounding and maximizes the amount of natural lighting flowing through the room. beside being aesthetically pleasing to look at, full height windows also has the effect of making the room appear bigger.
units with the guest room are designed with the flexibility to amalgamate with other spaces, be it with the living room, or the common bedroom.
all these above-mentioned factors for the floor plans in the district 10 condo has allowed wilshire residences to garner the “highly commended award” in the category of “best private condo development (singapore)” during the propertyguru asia property awards in 2020.
the developers have added a choice of a “3 bedroom premium” layout for stack 1, which is the “4 bedroom + guest” layout, should the purchaser not require 4 bedrooms in the unit. for the “3 bedroom premium” floor plan, the master bedroom and one of the common bedrooms will become bigger. it will still be the same size of 1270sf as the “4 bedroom + guest”.
schools near project
nanyang primary school (南洋小学), one of singapore’s top primary schools, is located within 1 kilometre of wilshire residences. it is a special assistance plan (sap) primary school, where the curriculum is dedicated to students who are academically strong in their mother tongue. there are currently only 15 sap primary schools in singapore.
as such, the project would always enjoy good demand in the resale market from parents seeking to purchase a property within 1km radius of the popular nanyang primary school. there would also be parents seeking to rent at wilshire residences, rather than purchasing an apartment in the development. this would provide the project with an additional rental boost.
for educational institutions after graduating from primary school, parents can choose from hwa chong institution, st. margaret’s secondary school, nanyang girls’ high school or national junior college, which is the oldest junior college in singapore and also one of the nation’s leading junior college.
hwa chong institution, nanyang girls’ high school and national junior college are schools which offer the much vaunted six-year ip (integrated programme). the integrated programme is a singapore government educational scheme which allows students to skip the gce ordinary level (o-level) examination, which is normally taken after 4 years of secondary school education, and proceed to take the gce advanced level (a-level) examination at the end of year 6.
1st condo launch in holland vicinity
wilshire residences was launched in april 2019. as it is the first condo launch in the holland vicinity among the collective sales sites, there is keen interest in the project as it would set the tone for the rest of the launches in the vicinity scheduled to be launched in the later half of 2019 and first half of 2020.
the developers have set a starting price of $1.172 mil for 1-bedroom units in the district 10 condo.
prospective purchasers can proceed to download wilshire residences floor plan and wilshire residences e-brochure.
estimated top date of the development
previously expected to achieve top (temporary occupation permit) in the year 2024, the estimated top date of wilshire residences has been revised and brought forward to 31st may 2023, subject to changes.
it will be the 2nd earliest development in the holland vicinity to achieve top, with the earliest development being the 24-unit development near holland mrt station, mooi residences.
clients who would like to own a freehold completed property at holland area around that date can seriously consider wilshire residences as one of their choices when looking at the new launch condos in the holland vicinity.
book an appointment now to view the wilshire residences showflat and check out whether the district 10 condominium suits your needs.





book an appointment to view  wilshire residences condo showflat & get vvip discounts (limited time), direct developer price, & hardcopy e-brochure. guaranteed with best price possible.orfill up the form on the right and get a copy of wilshire residences price, e-brochure, and latest updates!strictly no spam policy.





send me e-brochure, floor plan & pricing nowenquiry*-financingpurchaseview showflatcpf fund usageloan eligibility (ltv)total debt servicing ratio (tdsr)additional buyer stamp duty (absd)i want updates onlyothersname*mobile*email*make an appointment?*-i have some questions and i would like to make an appointment to discuss in detailsno appointment required for nowmessageacceptance of privacy policy*i have read and agree to the privacy policy

 



























wilshire residences developer: te2ks-rh pte ltd
developer license no: c1318
uen no: 201804318c
mukim lot: mk02-02652a
expected top: 31 jul 2023
expected csc: 31 jul 2026

 





proudly developed bysite linkswilshire residences
developer
floor plan
pricing
book appointment
contact us
 





contact us





							wilshire residences						





11:00 am - 7:00 pm





+65 6100-0721





sales@wilshiresresidences.com



 







 










 




sitemap | disclaimer
copyright ©  | www.wilshiresresidences.com | all rights reserved
 wilshire residences | te2ks-rh pte ltd |
				+65 6100 0721 
no part of this website may be reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise distributed in whole or in part in any manner without the permission of the copyright owner
 propnex realty pte ltd | l3008022j | bertram tian | r009497a





 







error: content is protected !!





























