
















cape cod budget hotels | cape cod family motels | viking shores motor inn



































































 5200 us-6, eastham, ma, 02642
								



 check in/out: 3pm to 11am
								


















home
guest rooms
amenities
gallery
local attractions
contact us
 




                                        book now
                                    

















				book now
			



  



















































                       centrally located cape cod motel.                    


                            contact us                        

                            check availability
                        














- about us -

                        centrally located cape cod motel near stunning beaches and the cape cod rail trail, offering spacious accommodations and family-friendly amenities.                    
welcome to the viking shores motor inn, a charming retreat nestled in the scenic beauty of eastham, massachusetts. our inn offers a perfect blend of comfort and convenience, making it an ideal choice for families, couples, and solo travelers. located just a short drive from the stunning cape cod national seashore, our guests can easily explore pristine beaches, picturesque hiking trails, and a variety of local attractions. we are only 1.5 miles from the magnificent ocean and bay beaches, as well as world famous coast guard beach and nauset light beach. we have direct access to the 26 mile long cape cod rail trail / bike path.
we have 40 spacious and comfortable guest rooms. each of our well-appointed rooms is designed to provide a relaxing atmosphere, featuring modern amenities such as free wi-fi, flat-screen tvs, and comfortable bedding to ensure a restful stay. an outdoor pool, wooden swing set with slide, and large grass areas for gatherings and bbqs are also available on our premises. we are adjacent to poit’s mini golf and ice cream.


                            view attractions                        











                            destination: eastham 
                              













                    guest rooms
                

                    discover comfort in our spacious guest rooms at viking shores motor inn, ideal for relaxation and convenience. enjoy family-friendly amenities amidst cape cod's natural beauty.
                















                                                adjoining unit                                            
                                            spacious two guest rooms with a shared door: one room with a king bed, the second with two full beds. amenities include tv, iron, ironing board, mini fridge, microwave, free wi-fi, and hair dryer. non-smoking room.											

													view room
												











                                                king room                                            
                                            spacious guest room with one king bed includes tv, iron, ironing board, mini fridge, microwave, free wi-fi, and hair dryer. non-smoking room.											

													view room
												











                                                two double bed rooms                                            
                                            spacious guest room with two full size beds includes tv, iron, ironing board, mini fridge, microwave, free wifi, and hair dryer. non-smoking room.											

													view room
												





















                        our amenities
                    

                        the viking shores motor inn is located in the heart of the national seashore. here you will find an affordable, clean, comfortable & friendly atmosphere. our expert staff is here to  make your stay an enjoyable one.
                    

















  


large outdoor pool




                               


bbq & picnic areas




  


event space




  


free wifi





                                    view all amenities
                                















                        guest reviews
                    

                        hear what our fantastic customers have to say about viking shores motor inn.
                    


















my boyfriend & i spent almost a week here 2 different times & we loved it. their prices are great & the rooms were very nice & the bed was huge & sooooo comfy!! and the people who work there were all so nice & friendly & went above & beyond



                                            tiffany johnson                                        

                                            google reviews
                                        













the place to go when you need a room …. amazing staff who are friendly & go above & beyond to help you with anything you might need. i stayed there twice for almost a week each time & i was truly happy with my stay there. pool was great & the room & prices are even better



                                            wilfred fortier (will)                                        

                                            google reviews
                                        













clean. quiet. location within walking distance to strand theater and many restaurants. newly renovated. very nice pool, just the right size. ask for 1st floor if stairs are an issue. nice thick towels. cable. free wifi. park at your door if you’re on 1st floor. front desk staff will very helpful with directions.



                                            naturerules                                        

                                            google reviews
                                        













amazing location and clean rooms!! the staff are all very friendly and helpful. its so nice to see this location being cared for and updated by great people. so many good places to eat and things to do right outside your door. it’s right in the heart of downtown, and the prices are very reasonable! no complaints whatsoever



                                            meredith                                        

                                            google reviews
                                        





















					get in touch!
				


 5200 us-6, eastham, ma, 02642
					

 (508)255-3200
					

 vikingshores1@gmail.com
					
























                        viking shores motor inn © 2025. all right reserved. designed by: uniweb







                                    terms & policy
                                








































