







concealed carry outfitters









































































































              home
            



              about
            

              contact us
            

            shop
          
















































home











aboutcontact usshop









scroll


















get a concealed carry vest today
hotter temperatures means that summer is right around the corner! browse our selection of premium concealed carry vests, including our hot weather vest! this vest will keep you comfortable, cool, and safe during your summer outings!all of our vests are hand-made by linda coltrin here in the u.s.a.get the best vests money can buy. each and every one of our vests gets hand-crafted using only the most durable, finest, and fashionable material available here in america!



shop our vest designs








custom concealed carry vests for every occasionconcealed carry outfitters has been a leading supplier of weapon concealing products for over a decade. we proudly hand-craft each and every vest in the u.s.a. by one of our owners for each customer. our vests come in a variety of styles for different situations. whether you're on a family outing, stuck in the hot weather, going out in public, or simply want to conceal a variety of weapons discretely without giving up your comfort; we have the best for you for any situation!













help keep your family safe- don't get caught unpreparedall of our vests have a minimum of seven pockets that are designed to maximize safety. these concealment pockets have been designed to hold a variety of accessories like flashlights, tactical blades, spare magazines, cell phones/identification, mace, and much more!




    read our blog- stay prepared
  













our vests make it easy for conceal and quick accessour vests are cut long enough to cover and conceal full size handguns, even with your hands fully extended in the air. we custom tailor all vests long enough to cover full size auto pistols and revolvers with barrel lengths 4 inches or more worn in an a variety of belt holsters.




    explore your options
  













we design our vests for comfort and practicabilityall of our vests are designed with safety and comfort as our chief concern; however, your satisfaction is a top priority! not only are our vests made with the finest material available, they are also able to be completely customized according to your needs. 




    view your tactical options
  

 








              email address
              
                *





              message or custom vest request
              
                *







thank you for submitting your request! your request is very valuable to us and we will do our best to respond within 24 hours!




















 




























concealed carry vests



new gallery












concealed carry outfitters
1505 cobblestone drive,
lincoln, ca, 95648,
usa
(916) 295-4757
concealedcarryoutfitters@gmail.com


hours
mon all day
tue all day
wed all day
thu all day
fri all day
sat all day
sun all day






powered by squarespace









