




annuity report reveals shocking secrets about your annuities














 





 






warning: this is my true
                story

                "i am a former
                annuity agent.  i released the most controversial report ever
                written about the annuity industry.  this report unveiled the
                truth about annuities, the agents and insurance
                companies that sell them, and the everything you’ve never
                been told.  if you're suspicious about your annuities or
                your agent, this report will tell you why --- and how to avoid
                being the next victim.








(this is not propoganda nor
                a ploy to sell annuities.  this is the story about the annuity
                industry you've never been told.  it reveals everything you
                need to know.  i will tell it as long as i can and i hope that
                it helps you)



































please read
                                        before proceeding

1. if
                                        you're thinking about buying
                                        an annuitywithout
                                        reading this, you're making the biggest
                                        mistake of your
                                        life.

2.
                                        if you're selling
                                        annuities without knowing
                                        everything in this book, one day when
                                        you're being litigated against because
                                        you unknowingly sold something
                                        unsuitable,  you'll remember passing it
                                        up and wish you bought it.

3.
                                        if you already bought
                                        an annuity and you're here to
                                        figure out what you did wrong or are
                                        trying to get out, we will help you
                                        (see the grey box below titled 'if you
                                        already own an
                                        annuity')

***and,
                                        no
                                        this is not a free report.  so
                                        if you're too cheap to buy it, then go
                                        find a stupid 5 page free report by
                                        someone who's going to try to sell you
                                        an annuity after you read it.  it is
                                        not free to run this site or to get my
                                        message out.
























                not reading this could cost you thousands of
                dollars



from the desk of tony bahu








date: 

dear
                        reader,
it's outrageous...
                        unacceptable... and i can no longer sit by and watch it
                        happen! everyday, unsuspecting people are being taken
                        advantage of by insurance companies and annuity
                        salespeople and something has to be done about it...
people need to know
                        the truth---the whole truth!
if you're thinking
                        about buying an annuity or if you own an annuity, then
                        this is the most important letter you'll ever read.
here's why:
in an industry that's
                        supposed to help you protect your financial future,
                        it's shocking to see how much misguidance, poor judgment, and flat
                        out lying that's going on.
all this is done in
                        order for greedy salespeople and insurance companies to
                        sell some of the highest commissioned products in the
                        industry---and they're counting on you never finding
                        out what they really sold to you!!!
and by the way, if
                        you're convinced that 'your' agent would never steer
                        you wrong---then think again. even if your agent had
                        the best of intentions, very few salespeople even fully
                        understand the annuities they're selling. your agent
                        may be a good-hearted and well intentioned person, but
                        if he isn't fully aware of what he's selling you, or
                        he's been misled by the insurance company (like many
                        are) you end up being the victim. on the other hand,
                        your agent may be more worried about his paycheck than
                        about you, where again, you end up on the losing end of
                        the deal. 
so who is
                        benefiting from this outright deception?  

sales agents and
                        insurance companies.

and it's costing
                        you financial security - the very thing annuity sellers
                        promise their products provide. 

make no mistake. 
                        if you thinkthat you know your
                        annuity because the agent explained it to you, then
                        most likely... you don't.  the sad truth is that you'll
                        probably never be made aware until it's too late...way
                        too late!!!

let
                        me explain...

my name is tony
                        bahu and i'm 35 years old.  i'm a loving husband to my
                        beautiful wife and devoted father to my 2 young
                        children.  you've probably never heard of me before
                        this...and that's okay. by the time you're done reading
                        this letter, you'll be very glad that you now have
                        heard of me. 

i am a former
                        annuity agent who previously helped many men, women and
                        families choose the right type of annuity for their
                        situation. 

i'm a people person
                        who used to enjoy meeting new folks and assisting them
                        in choosing an annuity that would be the right fit for
                        them and their family.  

as much as i loved doing
                        it while i did it, i realized that i had a serious
                        problem with many people in the financial service
                        industry---especially the insurance
                        companies...

they weren't
                        helping people...they
                        were hurting people and hurting them badly.
i was
                        shocked to realize the truth behind the insurance
                        companies, the products they were selling, and the
                        people selling annuities.  

manyinsurance
                        companieswere feeding agents
                        half truths. they were making some annuities look so
                        good in the brochure while underneath it all, they were
                        truly products that would end up being a bad deal for
                        the consumer---and great only for the insurance
                        companies and the agents selling them.  

the
                        productswouldn't always live up
                        to the expectations of the consumer (there is a very
                        specific reason insurance companies can get away with
                        this and we will tell you exactly why and how)---in
                        fact, in recent years, many of these insurance
                        companies have been involved in class action lawsuits
                        for numerous reasons over their annuities (this
                        includes one of the largest and most well respected
                        aa
                        rated companies in the industry).  and what's even more
                        surprising was that the products that were the worst
                        for the consumer would invariably be the ones that paid
                        the highest commissions and the ones agents would be
                        most excited about selling.  furthermore, often times,
                        even the good products were being misused and sold to
                        the wrong people.

and
                        finally, manyinsurance
                        agents---some knowingly and
                        many unknowingly, would provide their clients with
                        'biased' and wrong information either because they
                        didn't know better or because they did know better but
                        didn't care.  at times, the agent would be ignorant due
                        to the insurance company painting such a rosy picture
                        of the product. on the contrary, at other times the
                        agent would be very aware that the product would not be
                        suitable but didn't care because the commissions would
                        be so high. 

---that's
                        what eventually made me decide i no longer wanted to be
                        in the industry.  in
                        fact as i exposed this information, insurance companies
                        began retaliating by denying me
                        appointments to sell their products.  it seemed to me,
                        they didn't want to have someone like me in the
                        industry who could provide you with this never before
                        exposed information that has made them fortunes.  my
                        choice was either to stop providing this information
                        and to keep selling annuities, or to get out and do the
                        right thing.  i believed in my message so much there
                        was really only one choice.

                        i decided i would rather be on the outside providing
                        accurate and valuable information to people like you
                        who needed it to make good educated decisions instead
                        of decisions based on false pretenses.  i found a new
                        way to continue to help people.  to really help
                        people...

the big challenge
                        in the industry is that the pay is very high for
                        someone who can sell annuities and the bigger the
                        commission, the bigger the temptation to sell an
                        annuity even if it's wrong for you!  the insurance
                        companies have deep pockets and can afford to pay these
                        agents handsomely in exchange for the opportunity to
                        part you from your hard earned money.  it wouldn't be
                        so bad if the consumer was aware of everything up front
                        and could make an educated decision.  however, that's
                        almost never the case.

as a result, you
                        end up paying for it.  the reward per sale is so high
                        (and i reveal just how agents get paid in my report)
                        that many agents will do anything to make the sale from
                        omitting important information (they claim what you
                        don't know won't hurt you) to flat out lying.

again, there are
                        agents out there that simply don't understand the
                        annuities they sell.  so they sell you something even
                        they don't fully comprehend---something
                        they were hyped up on by insurance companies who pay
                        them handsomely to push.  whether your agent lied to
                        you or just doesn't fully understand the annuity they
                        sold you, the outcome is the same...you
                        lose.

it's a real
                        shame.

a bad or unsuitable
                        annuity can cost you tens to hundreds of thousands of
                        dollars, and can hurt you and your loved ones that you
                        hoped to one day benefit from your hard work and life's
                        savings.

with that said,
                        please read on to learn more about the 'annuities: 
                        the shocking truths revealed.'  by the end of this page,
                        you will have the opportunity to download a copy of the
                        report that has the industry up in arms.  this report
                        will simply expose the truth, the whole truth, and
                        nothing but the truth.  more importantly, it will arm
                        you with everything you ever needed in order to make
                        good decisions.  bottom line, there is nothing
                        available on the internet today that exposes more than
                        this nearly 100 page report does.  plain and simple, it
                        is completely unrivaled.  and once again, if you
                        already own an annuity and are dissatisfied for any
                        reason, we have a special program that may be able to
                        help you recover your money and damages.  

the remainder of
                        this page is dedicated to describing exactly what this
                        report has to offer.  if you choose to order it, i am
                        confident you will not regret it.  we have saved
                        hundreds of people from making the wrong decision
                        regarding their precious financial futures. 
                        furthermore, if you do order it, you can call me to
                        discuss anything you have read in the book.  i answer
                        my phone, return my messages (and e-mails), and enjoy
                        talking with people about this topic.  good luck with
                        your investing and saving endeavors and i hope you find
                        this as useful as many people across the country
                        have.


                           sincerely,


                           tony bahu
                           ceo
                           annuitymd.com


                      




















all
                                        i can say is... wow! 
after reading your document i can
                                        honestly say that you are going to make
                                        a lot of people in our industry angry!
                                        

                                        job well done my friend.  this
                                        information has been quiet for too long
                                        and i for one am glad that you're
                                        letting the public in on the secret
                                        ways that clients get hurt in this
                                        industry.

                                        i'm recommending "the shocking truths"
                                        to all of my clients as a must read and
                                        i'm confident that it will save them
                                        thousands of dollars and years of
                                        grief.


                                        thanks for the great work.

-- william harwell,
                                        annuity agent, detroit mi

                                        "your report was most useful in keeping
                                        a friend from buying something totally
                                        unsuited to her situation and knowing
                                        just how greedy the young seller
                                        was."

-- william david
                                        turnbull, colorado springs, co









































"every consumer and
                                        agent 
                                        needs to read this information
                                        now...!"
 
                                        "i have never seen such a concise and
                                        fact-filled treatment on the subject of
                                        annuities and how to determine which,
                                        if any, is the right one to own. 

                                        some agents will recommend a specific
                                        annuity strategy to their clients
                                        because it suits the client's needs. 
                                        what i mostly see, however, are
                                        innocent people who were either sold
                                        the wrong kind of annuity or who
                                        shouldn't have been sold an annuity at
                                        all. 

                                        how can the client be expected to make
                                        an informed decision if the agent
                                        doesn't understand what he's selling or
                                        isn't truthful?  tony, i hope your
                                        "shocking truths" either educates every
                                        consumer or reveals every agent in
                                        america."

-- alan
                                        strebeck, financial advisor (las vegas,
                                        nv)




















 
the
                        dirty little secrets
that agents and
                        insurance companies
don't want you to
                        know

until now, the
                        truth about how agents and insurance companies rake in
                        big profits while hurting the consumer has never been
                        revealed in a way we are exposing it.

don't get me wrong,
                        even the wall street journal, money magazine, smart
                        money, forbes, and other reputable sources have written
                        limited information exposing the issues concerning
                        annuities.  even dateline nbc had a limited documentary
                        (tricks of the trade) exposing some of the deception in
                        the industry.  however, until annuitymd, there has not
                        been a comprehensive resource to
                        really helpconsumers to fully
                        understand what they were sold and to recover their
                        money when they were sold an unsuitable or bad product.
                         

the
                        difference is what we do for
                        you;it's not
                        just words or an opinion that your broker (who is
                        trying to earn and protect his commission) will argue
                        against.  annuitymd can put in your hands, the revealed
                        secrets about your annuity and what you weren't
                        told-powerfully and clearly-so you will know what to
                        trust and make sure that you aren't ripped off.  and if
                        you have been, put you in the best position to get your
                        money back.

these secrets are
                        only known to a few the people in the industry.
                        

attention:
                        
don't
                        get me wrong... there are plenty of hard working and
                        honest agents out there that care about their clients.
                        furthermore, annuities can be a sensible choice if the
                        right product is chosen and it is used properly.
                         

however, i see time
                        and time again customers that were told one thing and
                        the truth of the matter is entirely different. quite
                        frankly... it's very disturbing.  

most
                        agents unfortunately are not trained to properly
                        analyze annuities or know whether a particular annuity
                        is good for you--rather they are well trained to sell
                        you.  i repeat once again annuities may be a sensible
                        choice to achieve your financial goals when used
                        properly---but they can be a costly mistake when bad
                        products are sold to you or good ones are misused.
                         

people need to
                        understand and be educated so that they can protect
                        themselves from falling prey to these
                        circumstances.

                        so, what have i done and
                        what does it mean to you?

 
i've let the cat out
                        of the bag.

                        i've created a breakthrough exposé report and made it
                        available to the public for the first time as a
                        downloadable product.  meaning that you can have it in
                        your hands in the next 3 1/2 minutes after deciding to
                        own it.  no shipping and no waiting.

                        the report breaks down in simple to understand language
                        exactly how unassuming and innocent people are being
                        lied to, manipulated, and hurt by agents and insurance
                        companies.  it does not contain anything that insurance
                        companies and agents don't know---just what they don't
                        want you to know.


click
                        here to download now!



again, if you currently own an annuity
                        or thinking of owning an annuity, you must read this!
                        

in
                        this product you'll discover:

the truth about how agents get paid and why
                            insurance companies don't want you to know.
the annuity you must own (if you're going to
                            buy one).
getting out of the annuity you are in without
                            tax consequences. 
what your agent never told you about the return
                            policy 
'medicaid
                            friendly' annuities. you were told that your annuity is
                            medicaid friendly... don't fall
                            for the hype... i'll explain what's really
                            going on. 
the one annuity you should almost never own-- unless you are a
                            dying gambler! 
everything that you need to know about
                            annuities.  knowing and understanding this will
                            save you thousands and thousands of dollars
before you ever sit down and talk with an
                            annuities agent. 
why a 'minimum guarantee' can do more harm than
                            good.
how your annuity is being double
                            taxed and what you can do about it. 
how to use minimum guarantees to your
                            advantage and why not understanding this can
                            hurt you. 
exactly
                            what you need to know about the 'index
                            annuity' and what your agent isn't
                            telling you. 
when an annuity becomes your worst nightmare-- don't let
                            this happen to you. 
the differences between a fixed and variable
                            annuity and the pros and cons of each. 
'minimum
                            guarantees'... these can work for or
                            against you.  you'll learn exactly what to
                            look for. 
the 'right' questions to ask your
                            agent so that you get exactly what you need.
                          
how to get an insurance company to send you a
                            check every month-- it's not what you think! 
why you
                            may be losing up to 40% or more of your
                            return by purchasing a mutual fund
                            through an annuity and why mutual funds outside of
                            a variable annuity will just about always
                            outperform the same mutual fund in a variable
                            annuity.  failing to understand this is like
                            throwing your hard earned money out the window.
                          
have you heard of a 'living
                            benefit'?  this is when an insurance
                            company promises you that they will give you a
                            certain percentage if the market declines.  i'll
                            reveal the one thing that they fail
                            to tell you and why it could take you 20
                            years to get your money from the day you're ready
                            to pull your investment out. 
how to realize gains without
                            paying taxes. 
the benefit that pays your beneficiaries
                            20%-40% on top of the gains you make at the
                            time of your death.  now this one can be a good
                            thing or a bad thing.  i warn you to watch out for
                            the cost of this feature and why you may be paying
                            for something that you'll never get. 
one way to leave your beneficiaries more
                            money than your annuity's cash value.  this
                            alone can change the lives of your loved ones after
                            your passing-- this one tip alone will amaze you.
                          
the only way tomitigate
                            surrender charges-- you'd better
                            understand this one! 
many agents sell annuities by saying that you
                            won't have surrender charges, but i tell you the
                            truth and what
                            to ask to avoid being burned. 
how
                            to avoid the tax time bomb.  a perfectly
                            legal way to save tens of thousands of dollars by
                            not paying income tax on your annuity gains. 
the
                            two things that your annuity better have--
                            this little gem can be a gold mine for seniors.
                          
how to possibly get out of your existing annuity
                            in much better shape than had you held it to its
                            term by accessing
                            a special program not available elsewhere.
 this information is valuable and
                            unprecedented. 
and
                            now---where to go to receive a
                            comprehensive
                            personal annuity evaluation to tell you
                            whether you own a pass or fail annuity. this will
                            give you the whole story about the annuity you
                            currently own and access to possible help to
                            recover your money (if appropriate). 

and that's just
                        the beginning.  there's much more:

 
click here
                        to download now!



how to gain an
unfair
advantage
by
                        learning the following: 

the key ingredient to tell
                            a good agent from a bad agent.  it's your
                            hard earned money-- don't give it away because you
                            didn't know this critical information.  as far as i
                            know, i'm the only one publicly and vocally
                            revealing this information and agents are not happy
                            about it. 
the 'death
                            benefit' trap.  you'd better watch out for
                            this one! 
what to look out for so that you don't
                            lose money in a declining stock market. 
                            this tip can be your best friend. 
how annuities may reduce or even eliminate
                            the income tax on your social security. 
learn if the gains are taxable in your annuity
                            when passed to your beneficiary.  
the best way to
                            structure an annuity to minimize
                            your own personal taxes. 
a list of all the right questions you
                            better ask before buying an annuity. 
discover techniques to eliminate estate
                            taxes and why almost nobody is doing
                            it correctly. 
how to have more spendable income. 
the bogus bonus.  i explain in
                            detail how your agent and the insurance company may
                            try to manipulate you with this one.  you'll learn
                            when the bonus will do you more harm then good.
                          
how to protect your
                            estate from long term health care costs. 
                            doing this wrong will cost thousands. 
ways to pass more money to your
                            children-- you don't want to miss this one.
                          
how to take advantage of some of the upside of
                            the market-- without the downside
                            risk of the market! 
learn if you're
                            in danger of the irs 'tax time bomb' that could
                            rob you of 50% or more of your money! 
beware of the 10% annual
                            withdrawal.  i show you how you can
                            be penalized and why the annuities with the least
                            amount of liquidity don't necessarily have the best
                            performance and one solution to this dilemma. 
how toincreaseyour current
                            annuity value by
                            as
                            much as 300%



click here to download
                        now!


who's getting the best deal-- 
                        you or your annuity company?
the information that i
                        reveal has agents in my industry outraged.  they cannot
                        understand why i would do such a thing!  the truth of
                        the matter is simple-- innocent people are being hurt. 
                        i can't sit back with a clear conscience and watch it
                        happen.

                        ideally, your annuity should be a good deal for your
                        bank, the insurance company and most importantly
                        you!

unfortunately, this is not
                        often the case---with your interest coming in dead
                        last.  this is an area where what you don't know
                        really can hurt you!

if you
                        already
                        own an annuity, then
                        the following questions have to be answered:

what
                            interest rates are you currently getting and are
                            they competitive?
are the interest rates getting
                          worse?
what
                            is the rating of your insurance company?
                          (critical)
what are your surrender charges?
is
                            your principal ever at risk?
what retirement & income options
                            does your annuity have? are any of them worth
                          doing?
is
                            your annuity medicaid friendly?
did you properly designate your
                            beneficiary, annuitant and ownership of your
                            annuity?  getting this wrong can be very
                          expensive.
how safe is your
                            annuity really? 
what type of return your annuity is
                            designed to pay?
how
                            will you annuity be taxed to you and your
                            beneficiaries?  did your agent fail to optimize
                            your money to counter the special and adverse
                            annuity tax rules?
how does your annuity fit into your
                            overall financial plan?

these are just a few
                        of the issues and problems i encounter every day.  i'm
                        sure that at least one will apply to you.  and you
                        could probably benefit from all of them.  and one or
                        more of the answers from above may be distressing.  and
                        most importantly, we tell you where to go for an
                        objective, expert opinion of your annuity and your
                        specific situation.
not only will you
                        learn the right questions to ask, how to decide what
                        type of annuity is best for your needs, and how to
                        avoid falling prey to the vultures out there, but it's
                        explained in down-to-earth, everyday language that is
                        simple to understand.
if you rely solely on the annuity salesperson for
                        information, chances are that you will make an
                        expensive mistake.  his "free" advice is often worth
                        even less than what you pay for it!


 

























    if
                                                you already own an
                                                annuity
if
                                                you already own an annuity and
                                                are dissatisfied for any reason
                                                or suspect that the annuity you
                                                were sold is
                                                inappropriate,this
                                                information will provide you
                                                access to an exclusive annuity
                                                recovery program to determine
                                                whether you are qualified for a
                                                return of all or your money and
                                                possible damages as well. 
                                                please read on

many
                                                people who own an annuity were
                                                often misled or flat out lied
                                                to.  because of this, they are
                                                stuck in a situation where the
                                                annuity they own is 'holding
                                                them hostage' either because
                                                they are losing money, can't
                                                get their money out, or aren't
                                                making the money they should be
                                                making.  the unfortunate part
                                                is that, in the past, there has
                                                not been much recourse for
                                                annuity owners.  the
                                                arbitrations or settlements
                                                often come down to 'if you
                                                signed it, you should have
                                                known what you were signing.' 
                                                in other words, no recourse for
                                                you as the consumer.  

well,
                                                that doesn't have to be the
                                                case anymore.  because of what
                                                happened to me, i searched and
                                                found the best resources for
                                                upset annuity owners.  these
                                                are the resources you need to
                                                have recourse against the big
                                                bad insurance companies.

now,
                                                as part of your 'shocking
                                                truths package', we will give
                                                you access to an annuity
                                                recovery program to determine
                                                the suitability of what was
                                                sold to you.  if you qualify
                                                and it is deemed that you were
                                                mailiciously sold a product
                                                that isn't right for you, or if
                                                you just simply own something
                                                that is unsuitable for you, you
                                                may be entitled to a return of
                                                your principal and sometimes
                                                even damages.

this
                                                private legal program is
                                                offered exclusively through
                                                annuitymd.com and not anywhere
                                                else.  the objective is to get
                                                you the best and most unbiased
                                                information on annuities.  in
                                                addition, it's to give you
                                                access to resources that will 
                                                assist you in making sure you
                                                make good decisions when it
                                                comes to purchasing (or not
                                                purchasing) an annuity by
                                                helping you to avoid the myriad
                                                of mistakes investors have made
                                                regarding annuities, or to
                                                assist you in getting out of
                                                your unsuitable annuity.  

so,
                                                if you are an unsatisfied
                                                annuity owner, not only will
                                                you get everything mentioned on
                                                this site, but you will also be
                                                given access to this 'annuity
                                                recovery program' along with
                                                your purchase of 'annuities:
                                                the shocking truths
                                                revealed.'

*certain
                                                restrictions
                                                apply




 














warning: consider
                        the source - do no trust any information that does not
                        meet these criteria: 
there is a lot of
                        misinformation about annuities - especially on the
                        internet.  it's almost always provided by someone in
                        the industry, particularly someone trying to sell you
                        an annuity.  if you haven't experienced this yet, keep
                        searching and you will learn how true that statement
                        really is.  from big insurance companies to independent
                        sites, it's hard to find the right unbiased information
                        you need.  
let me share what sets
                        us and our information apart. 
1.
                        integrity---we won't try to sell you an
                        annuity

                        we are not a lead generation company.  neither i nor
                        anyone else will try to sell you an annuity or any
                        other product or investment.  most companies who offer
                        any sort of annuity "information" (or misinformation)
                        are usually just trying to sell you one.  our goal is
                        to get correct information in your hands that will help
                        you avoid the mistakes many others have made.  and if
                        you, like many others we have found, have been ripped
                        off, we can help you to recover your money.
                        <>

                        2.   at your service---we're here for you.

                        too many internet companies lose credibility because
                        they hide from their customers. you may need help, and
                        fast service is important to preserve your recovery
                        rights.  annuitymd has dedicated customer support staff
                        ready to serve you. you can reach us anytime at: 

                        contact us by email here.
despite my title, i'm
                        just a regular guy who's available to you personally. 
                        contact me by phone at 248-933-2033.  this is my direct
                        line.  i answer the phone myself when i'm around.

3. in plain
                        english---this information is simple to understand.
                        
look, it does you no
                        good if this information is not simple to understand. 
                        annuitymd materials are in everyday language so that
                        anyone can read it and comprehend what annuities are
                        and are not, and what's really going on in this
                        deceptive aspect of the industry.

it breaks it down.  it
                        offers the pros and cons of the different types of
                        annuities so that you can decide what is best for you
                        and your family.  and it shows you what steps to take
                        if you have been misled.

some sales agents will
                        use complicated wording to try and confuse you so that
                        they can put you in an annuity that is best for them
                        (meaning, they'll make more money!)  others make it
                        sound so simple (which annuities are far from).  either
                        way, these tactics are cleverly crafted to get you to
                        buy.

you'll know exactly
                        what to look out for after owning this book and nobody
                        will be able to pull the wool over your eyes.

4. it's universally
                        useful---whether you're considering annuities, or if
                        you own an annuity, and are trying to figure out what
                        to do, this is for you.
my
                        information is for anybody who owns an annuity or who
                        is thinking of buying one.  the information contained
                        in this product will help you make good decisions---and
                        avoid a costly nightmare.
i'm not
                        saying that you haven't made good decisions in past. 
                        i'm telling you that i know this industry, the
                        products, and the people and companies involved.  i
                        know what agents are out there saying to individuals
                        just like you.  bottom line... you just may not know
                        your annuity as well as you think.  your  agent might
                        have told you some things... but don't you want to be
                        sure that what they said is true?

it only
                        makes sense, doesn't it?  
if you're
                        not protecting yourself, then nobody else will.
5. you get instant access to
                        this information.
this
                        information is just a mouse click away.  after you
                        click the download link, you will be directed to a
                        private download page where you'll download your copy
                        of my book. no waiting.  you'll have this money saving
                        information in your hands minutes after deciding to
                        take action.
here is
                        exactly what to expect when you order my product:
                        1) you click the "download now" button at the bottom of
                        this letter.
                        2) you fill out the required information and hit
                        "submit"
                        3) you are automatically brought to the download
                        page.
                        4) click "download" and open the file.
you are
                        now on the path to understanding annuities as well or
                        better than your sales agent and you'll be protected
                        from unethical salespeople and bad annuities.  you'll
                        have the knowledge that only people in the industry
                        have.
why not
                        get started right
                        now?
6. find out the truth about
                        how agents get paid and how insurance companies make
                        money by selling annuities.  
you may
                        be able to find some outdated book at the bookstore
                        that will bore you with complicated language and a
                        bunch of fluff about the different types of annuities,
                        but this book is the only one that you'll find that
                        breaks down and uncovers what's really going on.  note:
                         most of those books are written by so called
                        'financial experts who in reality have ulterior motives
                        to do so (i.e. sell you an annuity).

sure, you
                        could call up your agent (if you have one) and try to
                        pry this information from them. however, people in this
                        profession (even when they know these secrets) are so
                        tight-lipped about what i share with you, that you'll
                        never get it out of their mouth... never ever! 
7. this information is
                        practical and not theoretical---and it's in plain
                        english.
so many products out
                        there explain annuities in theory, but never give you
                        everyday practical advice that you can use.  this
                        information is the bottom line on annuities.  
you'll learn the most
                        practical solutions to your needs.  this is where you
                        can be a winner when it comes to annuities. 
and most importantly,
                        you will understand it.  it is not written from an
                        "agent's" point of view but rather from the consumer's
                        point of view and it is written in plain english and
                        not in 'industry jargon.'
where else can you get this valuable
                        information???
remember, the agent
                        and insurance companies want you to buy product and
                        won't share the practical but only the theoretical hype
                        surrounding the product.  annuitymd wants you to choose
                        your future wisely and provides you practical
                        information that you can use right now to make the best
                        decision.
8. i don't promise you'll make
                        the absolutely best financial decision or other
                        nonsense.
i don't promise or
                        imply you'll make the absolute best decision even after
                        reading this.  i don't know you, your background or
                        anything else about you.  so how could i promise such a
                        thing?  if i tried to guarantee that, i'd be lying.
                        that's b.s. 
however, annuities can
                        be one of the best or worst vehicles to you reaching
                        your financial goals.  you'll learn to avoid them when
                        it doesn't make sense and to use them properly if you
                        do decide to use them. furthermore, if you already own
                        one, you'll learn if you made the right choice and what
                        to do if you didn't!!!
furthermore, we give
                        you access to wmi to analyze the annuity you have
                        purchased or thinking of buying.
this information is
                        invaluable.   you'll know and understand the inside
                        information that only people in the industry are privy
                        to.  also, you'll get special access to a comprehensive
                        analysis to make the best decision regarding your
                        specific annuity.
9.  this is not some 5 page
                        brochure talking about annuity basics.
                        this is a fully packed documentary that delivers every
                        little bit of information promised on this site.  it is
                        deep and full of detail.  unlike almost every 'free'
                        offer on the internet, it's not designed to entice you
                        to call us and buy an annuity (we don't sell them). 
                        it's also not some 5 page poorly designed brochure.  it
                        has been around for years and is still proudly being
                        offered to consumers like yourselves to assist you in
                        making the best decision about your financial future.  

                        10.  we have put this product
                        in the hands of many people and have had phenomenal
                        feedback and results.
this information has helped consumers
                        avoid costly mistakes.  our testimonials are here for
                        you to see.  we include first and last name (and
                        require it in order to post a testimonial).  in fact,
                        please feel free to contact us after getting your copy
                        and testify to others what your experience has been. 
                        read below what others like you have said about our
                        information.




testimonials
                        about 'the shocking truths'
 
note: 
                        by they way, please notice that all of our testimonials
                        include first name (or initial), last name, and
                        location. unlike many companies who place fictitious
                        names and stories in order to hype up their products,
                        we only publish
                        testimonials of clients who allow us to use their real
                        full names and have real results.





























learn to
                                                recognize the wrong
                                              agent








these e-mail books were very
                                                informative. shortly after
                                                buying them i received a few
                                                phone calls from agents trying
                                                to get my business, but after
                                                asking them a few of the
                                                suggested questions you pose in
                                                your book that one should ask,
                                                i understood that they were
                                                only interested in a sale and
                                                their commission." 

                                                they persisted in sending me
                                                their material but that too was
                                                just the standard sales pitch
                                                and didn't really explain
                                                anything. i still have a lot to
                                                learn and understand, but your
                                                publications cut through the
                                                hype and has given me a lot
                                                more of an understanding on how
                                                annuities are invested and how
                                                agents pitch them.  thank
                                                you






-- c. keefe,
                                                berkely ca














































information
                                                you can act on! 








what i found most appealing
                                                is the personal follow-up tony
                                                does with his subscribers.  he
                                                actually really does show and
                                                take a genuine interest in
                                                them.  his material gives you
                                                decision making info, which is
                                                rare in today's world of
                                                information.





-- robert
                                                giacin























 

























expert
                                                answers for your situation








to learn more about spia's
                                                [single premium immediate
                                                annuities], as well as what's
                                                an eia [equity indexed
                                                annuities]...the annuitymd gold
                                                package felt right.  as a
                                                subscriber, i have expert
                                                answers and on-going
                                                collaboration.  annuitymd is a
                                                godsend.





-- joe kreill -
                                                waukesha, wi

























here's
                        the cost and why it's worth every penny

 

if you are at this
                        page, chances are you are trying to make a decision
                        about an annuity right now.  please don't let a
                        small investment stand in your way.  the shocking
                        truths has helped many people avoid big mistakes and
                        make the best decision regarding their annuities.  

                        people who already own this product have said they
                        would pay $1,000 because of the amount of money,
                        headache, and frustration that it has saved them!  no
                        bull.

understanding
                        just one of these hush-hush secretsthat i reveal... may
                        save
                        you tens and tens of thousands of dollars and
                        save you years of grief and aggravation.  seriously, do
                        you know what it's like to own the wrong annuity?

                        when you own this product it will pay for itself one
                        thousand times over in the money that you'll save
                        alone!  the money you will save and earn as a
                        direct result of this explosive detailed
                        information can pay you back 1,000 times your 
                        paltry investment.  what if you don't buy the shocking
                        truths and you end up making one of the mistakes that
                        could cost you thousands of dollars in your
                        future?  

my price isn't
                        cheap but it's worth it considering the benefits.  it's
                        currently $99
                        (please see special marketing test
                        below). 
                        







special
                                marketing test: 


i'm
                                offering a very limitedhalf-price
                                discount (only for a
                                couple days as a test).  if you order my
                                product before midnight, 
                                , you can get your copy for only $49. 
                                the price, however, is only good if you order
                                by this date.  i'm doing this to see if the
                                increase in sales outweighs my lower profit
                                margin.  if it doesn't, and you buy the product
                                after this date, expect to pay the normal price
                                of $99.

                                please (i'm asking nicely!) do not email me and
                                get upset if you try and order after this date
                                and i am no longer accepting orders at this
                                special half-price
                                discount.






                        by the way, if you think this is expensive, ask
                        yourself how much making the wrong decision will cost
                        you.  knowledge can be costly,  but the price of ignorance is
                        immeasurable. 





click
                        here to order now!









in addition, you will get
                        the
 following amazing
                        free bonuses :



if you order by midnight, you'll
                        also receive 5 incredible bonuses.



annuity
                        company rating:

 find out what your annuity company is rated.
                        discover what the people who really matter think about
                        your annuity company.  this not only includes the
                        ratings but other pertinent financial information that
                        may be critical in determining whether annuity company
                        is safe to be with.  this information could be worth at
                        least $100 to you all on it's own.  it's yours free
                        when you place your order by the deadline.

life
                        & health guaranty insurance association

                        access to your states life and health guaranty
                        insurance association so that you know guarantees
                        before you buy an annuity.  know what would happen if
                        your insurance company were to go insolvent and know
                        what your state is willing to do about it.  you may be
                        surprised by the information you learn here.  you may
                        be surprised by the information you learn here.  this
                        information could be worth at least $50 to you on it's
                        own.  you get it this information free with your
                        order.


exclusive
                        report

                        my exclusive report, 'all the things you were
                        never told about your cd's-- the whole truth and
                        nothing but the truth.'  discover why cd's are
                        not always what they're cracked up  to be.  these
                        secrets may cause you to never want to buy a cd again. 
                        this is a must read!  valued at $25.

subscription
                        to annuitymd cures - free month and a reduced
                        rate:

                        for a limited time only, i'm offering  you a free one
                        month subscription to our highly recommended newsletter
                        titled 'annuitymd cures'.  this is a very insiteful
                        newsletter that is helping our clients not only manage
                        through these difficult times but to profit through
                        them.  it includes information on the markets,
                        investments, tax strategies and much more.  this is a
                        monthly newsletter that others are paying $47.95 per
                        month for.  you get a free month subscription.  if you
                        choose to keep your subscription, you can enjoy a
                        reduced rate of only $19.95 per month.  otherwise, you
                        can cancel at anytime before your month is up and you
                        will not be charged.  you can learn more about this
                        newsletter by going clicking on annuitymd
                        cures.  you may choose to opt out of this feature
                        by simply putting a 0 in front of the annuitymd cures
                        newsletter option on the order screen.

optional
                        bonus:  phone support




                        after ordering the product and reading it,  if you feel
                        like there are still some questions you need answered,
                        you are eligible for personal support to help you
                        answer questions you may still have.  i am open to
                        phone calls and answer my phone and messages. ($195 value)





                        order by midnight.  get the entire "annuities: the  shocking
                        truths revealed" product and you'll receive all
                        5 bonuses worth over $415 absolutely free!  






there are
                        2 ways to
                        order:






only
                        $99
                        now only $49
1. click
                        here now to order 
online
                        by using our 
                        secure
                        server

or





2. click here now
                        to order by phone
                        through our toll free24-hour order
                        line
(orders
                        only)






                          sincerely,


  ceo
                          annuitymd.com
                          http://www.annuitymd.com
 








                        legal information 






privacy policy     
                        terms of
                        use        purchase
                        agreement      contact us      legal disclaimers





copyright 2008 © annuitymd.com.
                         all rights reserved.













annuity
annuity links
annuity help
annuity
        resources
annuity
        settlement form
 
the whole truth
annuity blog
where oh where can my money
        be












