




garamchai.com ... for the desi in pardes - the best site for nri, indians, immigrants and others interested in south asian lifestyle the us and north america. top indian yellow page, desi yellow page

















portal 
            for 
            non resident indians, nris, 
            and south asians in north america

















are you are searching the net for a 

cup 
              of homemade indian tea in new york, a gurudwara in hawaii or a 

bharatnatyam 
              dancer in california? wherever 

in the united states, anything 
              indian is located at garamchai.com, the top desi yellow pages for 

indian business, indo-american commercial and personal listings in north 

amerrica. marketers of indian goods and services, even mainstream businesses, 

are realizing the strength of asian indians as voracious consumers. 


this is especially true when we look at 

the latest census 2000, which estimates the indian diaspora to number 1.7 

million. indians form a part of the higher echelons of the socio-economic 

spectrum in the us, earning an average of $69,000 versus a national average 

of $49000 per annum. most families settled here also have close ties with 

folks back home in the old country. 
garamchai.com non 

resident indian blog           
          : we have re-launched garamchai.com 

blog with regular updates of topics of interest to nris


















listings




home




sitemap




temples




gurudwaras




jain 
                          temple




mosques




churches




restaurants




bazaars




jewellers




beauty




travel




weddings




theaters




students 
                          / isas




education




associations




newpapers




hot 
                          spots 



return 
                          to india




finance




india 
                          links




immigration




insurance




 
                          medical tourism




phone 
                          cards





society



adoption 
                          




charities




art 
                          & culture




talent




movies




book 
                          shelf




nri 
                          statistics 




my 
                        garamchai



nri tax tips





ask-a-desi





homepages




featured 
                          articles




 books on india




garamchai



contact 
                          us




submit




register




search




about 
                          us




advertise




gramchai 
                          canada 




.



  



























garamchai.com, 

indian yellow pages in the us. online marketing to the indian american 

community




pravasi bharatiya divas (pbd) is celebrated on 

9 january every year to mark the contribution of overseas indian community in 

the development of india. january 9 was chosen as the day to celebrate this 

occasion since it was on this day in 1915 that mahatma gandhi, the greatest 

pravasi, returned to india from south africa, led india's freedom struggle 

and changed the lives of indians forever.


 also check out question: what is it like giving up indian 

citizenship?

with over 60 percent of indian americans holding a 

college degree and the majority in the workforce, marketers are starting to 

drool over the potential of this ethnic segment. we aim to provide everything 

indians living in the united states 
  may need to maintain their lifestyle outside of india. this site 
  is a complete resource listing of 400 temples, 500 restaurants, 
  500 bazaars and online shops. other listings include jewelers, wedding 
  specialists, theaters, beauty salons, mosques and gurudwaras. to 
  view a complete index of our offerings tailored to the needs of 
  asians, indians, nris pakistanis, 
    sri lankan and other south asians and 
      others in the us, canada and north america. a number of business and media streams are already  successful in 

targeting this market segment: 

india bazaars, 

boutiques and grocery shops: hundreds 

of shops in all the major cities in the us cater to this market. a few large 

wholesalers successfully manage a complex supply chain of ethnic groceries, 

vegetables and commodities ranging from coconut oil to cumin 

seeds.
indian restaurants: 

most major cities can boast of at 

least a few indian restaurants. even though indian restaurants in the us are 

not as ubiquitous as they are in the uk where every street corner has one, 

they are in sufficient numbers to cater to local palate.
 hindu temples, mosques, churches, gurudwaras, jain temples and cultural centers: 

over the years, several temples, 

gurudwaras, indian churches and cultural centers across the country have 

sprung up, catering to the religious and social needs of the ethnic 

communities. interestingly, even in places with smaller populations of 

indians, informal bhajan groups and congregations provide a sense of ?

community.?
indian newspapers, magazines 

and publications: a number of 

indian newspapers and magazines are successfully published and circulated in 

the us. 
electronic media: 

saying that indians in the us have 

taken to the web like ducks to water would be an understatement. a number of 

web-portals, e-mailing lists, and groups already provide extensive coverage 

to this segment.
entertainment industry: 

cable channels and movie screeners 

provide extensive choices to this target audience. bollywood also drools over 

the size of the american distribution segment as a major source of 

revenue.
nri 

services: details on services for 

non resident indians




special feature: 

 indian government's decision to do away with 500, 1000 rupee notes! impact 

on nris


impact of indian government's decision 

to de-monitize 500 and 100 rupee notes.
in a much applauded move  prime minister 

narendra modi's government decided to "kill" the 500 and 1000 rupee 

notes. some of the notes in circulation were supposedly fake and some of it 

used to fuel the underground economy (a.k.a "black money" 

)
"brothers and sisters, to rid this country of the termite-like   

corruption and black money, it has become essential to take one more   tough 

step. starting midnight tonight, that is, on the midnight of   november 8, 

2016, the current currency notes of denominations of rupees   500 and rupees 

1,000, will no longer remain legal tender. these   currencies will become 

legally invalid."
read rest of the special feature, 

including impact on nris in our special section (link) 
in a much applauded move  prime minister narendra modi's government 

decided to "kill" the 500 and 1000 rupee notes. some of the notes 

in circulation were supposedly fake and some of it used to fuel the 

underground economy (a.k.a "black money" )
"brothers and sisters, to rid this country of the termite-like   

corruption and black money, it has become essential to take one more   tough 

step. starting midnight tonight, that is, on the midnight of   november 8, 

2016, the current currency notes of denominations of rupees   500 and rupees 

1,000, will no longer remain legal tender. these   currencies will become 

legally invalid." - link to official announcement

bloggers and digirati have eagerly jumped on this issue and have 

been circulating viewpoints:

how will 

scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes help in curbing corruption and black 

money? - "till end of the year, people will exchange or 

deposit existing 500 and 1000 notes at banks and post office. however, you 

need to show a valid government id proof and the banks and post offices will 

have to maintain proper transaction records for the same.for smaller amounts, 

there should be no issue. but if someone comes and deposits 1l in cash, it 

might be highlighted and escalated to the government. modi government might 

have advised banks and post offices to escalate all transactions above a 

certain threshold." - by 
          deepak mehta on quora 
what do you think of the decision by the indian 

government to demonetize ₹500 and ₹1000 notes? - 


responses from souradip sarkar and balaji viswanathan, among others.


nris and visitors to india probably have some 500 and 1000 rupee 

notes left over from previous trips are probably wondering what to do with 

the notes. key facts and practical tips are featured on  the special section "faq on 500 rupee for 

nris" on  garamchai.com (link)


in the news: the 

patanjali aurved phinomena 


the patanjali aurved phinomena is rocking indian 

fast moving consumer goods (fmcg) sector. the non resident indian community 

is also going ga-ga over patanjali products. here is a feature including 

links to latest articles on the topic.

                              

power yogi: how baba ramdev became 

india's swadeshi fmcg baron (india today, july 2016):   

"the sun is about to set behind the forests on the outskirts of haridwar. the 

downpour of the previous night has made it a relatively pleasant summer 

evening. the silence in one of india's most guarded ashrams - crpf personnel 

frisk you every time you enter the premises - is punctuated by the sound of a 

fountain in the middle of the manicured lawn, and of a swing in the verandah 

of an m-shaped cottage. in the saffron hues of dusk, a saffron-clad yogi is 

sitting on the swing. his eyes are closed, as if meditating to find the 

answer to the simplest, most obvious, and somehow the trickiest question 

posed to him: why is a self-proclaimed renunciate selling shampoo, 

toothpaste, detergent and anti-ageing cream? 

when he opens his eyes, the lopsided smile and the mischievous glint in the 

eyes are gone. "when i went to the himalayas in my youth, i saw many sadhus 

who had given up the materialistic life. but what were they doing? nothing 

for the welfare of mankind. that cannot be the purpose of life. in india, 

it's believed that sadhus can't do anything; they are supposed to live on 

donations. it hurt me. the real goal of a sadhu is not to attain moksha for 

himself but to serve the masses. my business is not for profit but to spread 

wellness," says baba ramdev, 48, india's most celebrated yoga guru, who is 

riding high on a heady, hitherto untasted cocktail of yoga, satsang, 

ayurveda, business and politics. 

ramdev stands out from all other gurus on the indian social spectrum not just 

because of the size of his burgeoning fmcg empire - worth rs 5,000 crore at 

last count - but also because he wears his political inclinations on his 

sleeve. he purportedly has a direct line to prime minister narendra modi, and 

is close to several members of the cabinet and a number of chief ministers 

across the land. he was one of the key figures of the lokpal movement in 

2011, was received at the airport by then finance minister pranab mukherjee 

as the upa government tried to broker a deal with its leader anna hazare, and 

cut a comical figure when he was taken into custody at the ramlila grounds in 

delhi while trying to escape dressed in a salwar kameez. he is an advocate of 

replacing the tax system with a single transaction tax. he kickstarted the 

black money drive that became one of the key campaign promises of the bjp in 

the 2014 lok sabha elections. and he now stands as a major support booster 

for the modi-led nda government. when he isn't slamming those who returned 

government awards in protest of alleged intolerance, he is threatening to 

chop off the head of anyone who refuses to chant 'bharat mata ki jai'. from 

drug abuse in punjab to the spiritual health of the relationship between a 

husband and wife, and from the purported horrors of homosexuality (which he 

can help "cure") to the importance of buying desi, the guru's discourses 

encompass a vast universe."
link 

to garamchai.com special feature on patanjali 
link to patanjali android app 


book review:  

the bounce!: a story of love, loss and the life of a global indian 










india empire: bouncing back!
mohan, an it professional from north carolina has strong roots to india. he 

has moved and lived across three continents in five countries and visited 

dozens others. in a candid interview with india empire's assitant editor, 

misha singh, mohan talked about his journey, experiences and his debut book 

"the bounce! -- a story of love, loss and the life of a global 

indian"

this is your first book. what inspired you to write the book?
i have written and blogged extensively on technology and management topics, 

but this is my first fictional book. i had been reflecting on an incident, 

back in 2008 when we lost a healthy, bouncy child while on a jet airways 

flight from brussels to delhi. my wife and i were relocating back from 

toronto with a five and half month old child when tragedy struck. the book is 

an attempt at redemption, especially as writing has been very cathartic for 

me.

by talking about my story, i am also hoping to provide some inspiration to 

others facing life's challenges on bouncing back, as the title suggests.

this is a semi-autobiographical novel, what can the readers expect from the 

same?

much of the story depicted in the novel is mine. i decided to write a semi-

autobiographical novel since this format gave me a bit of artistic liberty to 

stretch my imagination while basing the outline on facts as i remembered 

them. a few accounts, and names have been fictionalized and i rely on the 

dialog style that a fiction can accommodate more than a biography.

what was your goal when you wrote the book--was it to just finish writing or 

getting it published and reaching out to the world?

my goal in writing "the bounce!" was simple. i had a story that i thought 

must be told. it is also an attempt to show a human face to globalization and 

people in the dynamic global outsourcing industry who travel around the 

world.

how did you begin writing this book? what do you wish to convey with the 

book?

i began writing the book in 2012. after attempting to write it as a 

biography, i switched to a semi-autobiographical format earlier in 2015. 

there are a couple of key messages i feel i am conveying in the book. my 

journey is an example of living this adage, and wanted to share my life's 

journey and the dynamic nature of outsourcing industry with readers. the key 

message is about redemption. the theme of "the bounce!" is all about the 

ability to bounce back, especially after unforeseen tragedies in 

life.

what authors do you like to read? do any of them influence your writing?



i firmly believe in the adage "he, who reads more, writes more". my reading 

habits are eclectic and include fiction and nonfiction books on business and 

technology.

'elizabeth gilbert's cheerful narrative "eat, pray, love" highlighting how 

she overcame her life's challenge was an inspiration at the time in life when 

i needed one.

please tell us something about you and your connect with india?

i grew up moving across india. after completing my masters from an 

engineering college in mysore, i joined a british software firm in bengaluru. 

i worked with infosys for nearly a decade and now live the indian-american 

dream in north carolina with my charming wife sujatha and adorable 

kindergartener vijay. my parents live in bengaluru and my in-laws in delhi 

and i try and make an annual trek back there with my family. the intent is 

also to ensure vijay bonds with his grandparents and cousins while retaining 

his indian-ness.
   

a great fictional debut by a non-resident-indian author (review by - 

india empire


 about the author mohan  is an indian 

american information technology executive with a multinational company 

headquartered in switzerland. he has lived and worked in five countries 

across three continents, gaining a first-hand experience of working in 

multicultural environments.

mohan is also a blogger, columnist and writer whose viewpoints and papers 

have been published in several international technical and non-technical 

journals. he lives in north carolina with his lovely wife and adorable 

kindergartener. 
      link to 

read rest of the blog // book on amazon.com



search







search 
                          garamchai.com and other information 


































though 
                    websites like sulekha, search india and others attract 

advertisers 
                    by providing listings, events, chat and discussions, 

garamchai.com 
                    aims to be the most extensive information directory with 

a 
                    simple but elegant user interface. garamchai.com is a 

complete 
                    resource listing of hundreds of temples, restaurants 

online 
                    shops, grocers and bazaars. other listings include 

jewelers, 
                    wedding specialists, theaters, beauty salons, mehndi 

services, 
                    places of worship including temples, mosques, churches 

and 
                    gurudwaras. with the large amounts of information, the 

site 
                    is well organized dividing most listings into state 

categories. 
                    sending comments or suggestions is simple with a form 

that 
                    is provided on the site or by emailing us [replace _at_ 

with 
                    @]  this 
                    section of garamchai.com will attempt to address some of 

the 
                    frequently asked questions on life in the us and canada 

that 
                    immigrants, visitors and others from different cultures 

attempt 
                    to address. 
 







 









advert partner














advert partner













advert 
                          partner













insurance 
                          channel




 
                          visitor's travel insurance

 
click 
                          for free online quotes 




google 
                          advert 



















© 
        1999-2019 ||  terms 
        of use 




