


my blog



























my blog
thinking







friday, october 15, 2010 

show me "more friday funnies"!! - family feud edition


despite the recent, ridiculous controversy over a previous segment of friday funnies, i am still determined to make the few readers i have left laugh out loud.  here is a great clip of the old game show, family feud, where richard dawson absolutely loses it at the response of one of the contestants.  enjoy.



10:50 am  | permalink |  


saturday, july 18, 2009 

the triumphant return of the friday funnies


i got a bit distracted friday and didn't have a chance to post this, but i wanted to pick back up on a tradition that i started way back when - the friday funnies.  everybody back then seemed to be a photographer, and i wasn't.  they had cool friday pictures that had awesome names like "the friday foto" or "phriday photos".  i was jealous, so i started the friday funnnies - after all i needed some more humor in my life.  i still do, especially after some of the recent conversations i have had on other blogs.  but enough of that.  without further ado, i give you another installment of the friday funnies:



1:43 am  | permalink |  


thursday, september 20, 2007 

brand it!


 with all that has been happening in our lives lately, you may wonder why i am posting on something seemingly so silly. but, i think marc ecko is quite a genius when it comes to business and when i saw that barry bonds, when referring to ecko's plans after purchasing his 756th home run ball, stated, "he's stupid...he's an idiot" i couldn't resist giving ecko a little time on my blog (at least for the 3-4 readers who still check it out).marc ecko is of course the very successful founder and president of marc ecko enterprises. he started out as a t-shirt designer and turned his business into what is now hailed as the most succesful urban clothing line. what is most unique about ecko is that his background is far from that of his current customer base. while his clothing tends to be worn by those most affiliated with the "hip-hop" culture, marc grew up as a jewish kid in a new jersey town outside of manhatten. his parents were real estate agents and his life was far more suburban than that of most of his customers. but, through hard work and uncanny "street smarts", ecko went from nearly bankrupt to the no. 1 designer in his field.so what does all this have to do with barry bonds? well, ecko was the winner of the auction just recently held by sotheby's for bonds' record-breaking, 756th home run baseball. and he has decided to let the fans vote on what should be done with the ball. he set up a website, http://www.vote756.com/, where fans can vote to either "bestow it" to the baseball hall of fame in cooperstown, oh, "brand it" with an asterick and then send it to cooperstown, or "banish it" by reportedly shooting it into outer space. and yesterday, the san francisco chronicle (which you may recognize as the newspaper whose reporters wrote the book on barry bonds' alleged steriod use - you can read my review of the book, game of shadows: barry bonds, balco, and the steroids scandal that rocked professional sports, by clicking here), reported that when asked about ecko's intentions bonds replied, "he spent $750,000 on the ball and that's what he's doing with it? what he's doing is stupid."what i find most entertaining about this story is that bonds just seems to not get it. he doesn't get it that people believe he cheated and should be punished, not celebrated for such an act. he doesn't understand marketing either. heck, it's clear from his well-known brushes with the media that he doesn't understand the power of the media and the sway of the court of public opinion.barry bonds is wrong - marc ecko is a genius. he has just created friends in the baseball culture he never had before by doing this. and those who hate what he is doing? they can simply dismiss him as another crazed fashion designer. but the genius of this act shines brightest in the numbers. as of my visit, there were 3,611,765 votes cast. and how did i vote? see below.



4:51 pm  | permalink |  


friday, july 28, 2006 

friday funnies: terry tate - office linebacker


i couldn't resist posting this - it is absolutely hilarious.  if you are a fan of the movie office space, or you even work in an office environment, you will probably appreciate this.  i will warn you though, there is one obsenity in this short film, but it was not well pronounced and you will probably miss it if you aren't listening closely.  there is a actually a whole collection of terry tate videos on you tube and again, if you don't mind a few obsenities, and you enjoy this short clip, then you should probably check them out.  and so without further adieu, enjoy!



9:16 am  | permalink |  


friday, july 21, 2006 

friday funnies: ask a ninja


for the friday funnies this week i want to highlight the "ask a ninja" guys (or should i say guy, since there seems to be only one). ninjas are apparently hot these days. doing a google search you will find over 70 million hits, with sites ranging from "the official ninja webpage" to "ninjai: the adventures of the little ninja." but if you haven't seen "ask a ninja" yet, you have to check it out. their tag line is, "you got questions, ninja got answers." here is one of their latest videos: a movie review of "pirates of the caribbean: dead man's chest," which if you haven't seen it, is pretty funny in its own right. so without further adieu, here's ask a ninja: special delivery 7 "pirates of the caribbean". enjoy!additionally, i wanted to link another video that i found quite humorous, but i can't post it because it includes adult themes and a few explitives. so, if you are under 17 or offended by such, don't click on the link. but if you are a star wars fan like myself and you can handle some pg-13 rated profanity, then check it out. it's called, "chad vader: day shift manager (episode 1)" and the short summary given on youtube is, "life is hard when you're darth vader's less-talented, less-charismatic younger brother and you manage a grocery store." once again, enjoy!



5:11 am  | permalink |  


friday, july 14, 2006 

friday funnies -- the rap edition


sorry that friday funnies is running a bit late today, but i hope that you will find it worth the wait. anyway, this week's friday funnies is all about rap - the good, the bad, and the ugly, the latter two characterized by what you will find below in the two humorous videos. let's start with the good though. this week's post was inspired by an interesting article i read about two weeks ago at between two worlds about a christian rapper named voice. justin taylor followed up a week later with an interview with voice regarding his newest album and his life as a rapper. here is one exchange i found quite enlightening:for this next question i’m thinking about increasingly smaller circles. in the first circle you have all the musicians in the world. within that circle is a much smaller one that holds all the rappers in the world. within that is a smaller one yet of guys trying to live a fairly clean, moral lifestyle. within that you have christian rappers. and finally, you have perhaps the smallest segment of all—reformed christian rappers. but you’re not the only one, are you? who are some of the other reformed brothers out there doing hip hop and rap? right now the guys i listen to are christcentric (christcentric.net) shai linne and timothy brindle (lampmode.com). these guys, groups influence me the most and the ones i like to listen to. there are more but i don’t listen to them as much. voice was an attendee at the recent together for the gospel conference in louisville and taylor asks him for his opinion of the rap parody that lig and john duncan performed. you can go over and check out his critical analysis of their music career possibilities.here are two "christian rap videos" (if you can call them that) i found on the internet. both are meant to be humorous, and are in no way representative of the style of the guys mentioned above (you can check out the links and find videos of each if you are interested). the first of the two videos i found over at the no kool aid zone, which is authored by an evan-free blogger, and the other is fairly old, so most of you probably have seen it before. so sit back and enjoy a good laugh courtesy of the latest installment of "friday funnies."



10:40 pm  | permalink |  


friday, july 07, 2006 

friday funnies: the star wars edition


i saw this picture at the citizen bezner blog and i knew it had to be my next friday funnies.but, i also wanted to include a picture i took this weekend on my trip to memphis. i hope to provide some more commentary on this church and their new statue. for now, here are a couple of articles about it:church unveiling its own version of the statue of libertystatue of liberation unveiled at memphis churchi will say that some have interpreted it as a church-state statement, but i think something more insidious is going on here. but more on that later. thanks to jay at thememphismonkey.com for bringing it to my attention.



4:35 am  | permalink |  


friday, june 30, 2006 

friday funnies -- president bush and elvis


i am posting this in tribute of president bush's visit to graceland today with the japanese prime minister, junichiro koizumi, who is a huge fan of the king. he is the first sitting president to visit the home of the late elvis presley and will be greeted and led on a tour by priscilla presley and lisa marie presley. the northeast mississippi daily journal is reporting that "japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi received an invitation from the tupelo convention and visitors bureau to tour elvis' hometown after his june 30 trip to memphis with president george bush." the bureau is still awaiting a response, though i wouldn't hold my breath. i doubt very seriously that air force one could land at the tupelo airport, and the three-hour drive might be a bit much.graceland is of course in my home town of memphis, tn, where i will be this weekend for the fourth of july holiday. the clip is a funny audi commercial featuring an elvis impersonator. enjoy.and in related news, president bush's trip to missouri on wednesday included a visit with "andrew benecke, an 18-year-old whose academic achievements earned him the honor of being named a presidential scholar this year." benecke was unable to attend the ceremony at the white house due to treatments he is receiving for bone cancer. as a token of thanks, the benecke's gave president bush a copy of john piper's devotional book, life as a vapor.  i hope that he will read it and possibly come to love my favorite author as much as i do (ht: justin taylor)



5:05 am  | permalink |  


saturday, june 24, 2006 

friday humor


since everyone else seems to have some type of "artsy" blog on fridays, i thought i would offer something different to the christian blogosphere.  thus, friday humor.  this particular video is long, but hysterical.



2:11 am  | permalink |  


tuesday, may 09, 2006 

the ethanol craze begins


this sunday there were two special news reports on ethanol from two of the leading television news magazines, dateline nbc and 60 minutes. i watched anxiously to see exactly what would be said about this alternative fuel that has the white house buzzing and the oil industry worried. dateline's story, "a simple solution to pain at the pump?" revolved around vinod khosla, a venture capitalist who immigrated from india in 1976 and was a co-founder of sun microsystems. khosla is an outspoken advocate of ethanol who has invested millions of dollars into research and production of the corn-based fuel. khosla, during most of the interview, acted like a love-smitten schoolboy who wants to sell the world on his infatuation. but mostly he's hoping that the u.s. will buy into his newest venture, making ethanol the fuel source of the future. dateline also traveled to brazil just weeks after they announced that after only a few years of hard work, the country is now able to cease all importation of foreign oil. in fact, ethanol, made primarily from sugar cane (of which brazil has more than enough), has taken over as the country's largest fuel commodity.the 60 minutes story, "the ethanol solution: could corn-based fuel help end america's dependence on imported oil?", also focused on brazil's booming ethanol frenzy, but also on american ingenuity. their story featured a small town no one has every heard of (no one except maybe its 300 residents), steamboat rock, iowa. about a year ago things got so desperate in this farming community that a few residents put their heads together and decided to invest in and build an ethanol production plant. it converted the corn that they were unable to sell into ethanol, a product that they believe is the future oil of america. the good folks of steamboat rock and many other farmers believe that ethanol might be the answer they have been looking for to stabilize a declining agricultural economy.additionally, both reports looked at flex-fuel cars, produced mostly by american car companies gm and ford, which are highly successful in brazil. both companies have pledged to up their production of the cars -- which run on gas, ethanol, or a mixture of the two called e-85 -- in the next year. today these cars make up only 5 million of the approximate 130+ million cars on america's roads. but the american car companies hope that an ethanol boom might mean that millions more of their cars find their way to the road in the next few years, healing an ailing american automotive market.so, what does all this mean for america? well, this could be a perfect storm for the american economy and the country in general. were america to aggressively pursue this alternative fuel source, many predict that within 15 years america could be energy independent, even as brazil has in that same amount of time. though relatively few cars today are flex-fuel, any car can be retrofitted to use both e-85 and ethanol. add to that khosla startling revelation that with the advancing technology, prairie grass, leftover wood pulp, and orange peels could be potential producers of ethanol, leading him to predict fuel prices could drop as low as $0.70/gallon using these techniques. fuel prices that low would inevitably open up travel, increase tourism dollars, and fuel an economy already hindered only by oil prices. and without a dependence on foreign oil, opec countries would no longer be in a position to make demands of the u.s., and we would no longer worry that we are indirectly supporting terrorist efforts.what should the christian take be on this? well, i think we should be supportive of any effort that provides jobs for low income families, brings economic development back to rural areas and farming communities, and produces less greenhouse gases which will undoubtedly make our air and water quality better. but we must beware of any utopian fantasies and realize that no technological breakthroughs can suppress evil or bring salvation. ethanol may indeed bring needed relief to america, but without repentance and revival nothing will save the soul of this country.



4:36 pm  | permalink |  


saturday, april 15, 2006 

book review: 1776


mccullough, david g. 1776. new york: simon & schuster, 2005. 400pp."the year 1776, celebrated as the birth year of the nation and for the signing of the declaration of independance, was for those who carried the fight for independance forward a year of all-too-few victories, of sustained suffering, disease, hunger, desertion, cowardice, disillusionment, defeat, terrible discouragement, and fear, as they would never forget, but also of phenomenal courage and bedrock devotion to country, and that, too, they would never forget.      especially for those who had been with washington and who knew what a close call it was at the beginning -- how often circumstances, storms, contrary winds, the oddities or strengths of individual character had made the difference -- the outcome seemed little short of a miracle."overview of the bookso closes, does the above quote, mccullough's magnificent book about the battles that raged and the people who pursued independance in that incredibly important year of american birth, 1776. from opening sentence to those final words, mccullough's 8th book does not disappoint the reader when it comes to suspense, intensity, and depth. though properly named after the year on which it focuses, the book is really about the significant battles that took place in the northern states between the american "rabel" under general george washington and the stalwart, disciplined army of his majesty's, king george iii's, forces.mccullough's book begins in the year 1775 -- october 26, 1775, to be exact -- with king george iii's speech to the british parliment concerning the military action which he felt needed to be taken against the american rebels. as he informed parliment that the americans intended to seek independance from their rule (though the congress had not declared such, nor had they yet even taken up such a discussion), a large regiment of british soldiers across the pond in america were licking their wounds from the battle of bunker hill, a skirmish that though won by the british would prove to be a moral victory for the americans.from there, mccullough guides the reader through the world according to george washington. drawing on private letters, public correspondance, and written accounts, he wraps the storyline around this dynamic character who must learn military strategy by experiencing devastating mistakes and incredibly sophisticated sucesses while commanding an army that proves its worth at times in retreat, and yet shows cowardice and a lack of integrity in numerous battles. the entire hope of american independance is put on the shoulders of washington, who readily admitted even from his appointment "that [his] abilities and military experience may not be equal to the extensive and important trust" asking congress at that time that ". . . lest some unlucky event should happen unfavorable to my reputation, i beg it may be remembered by every gentleman in the room that i this day declare with the utmost sincerity, i do not think myself equal to the command i [am] honored with." little did he know at this time that during 1776 he would experience many of these unlucky events which would prove very unfavorable to his reputation. still congress, and a few of his officers, never wavered in their support of him, eventually causing john adams's prophecy -- that washington would eventually become "one of the most important characters in the world" -- to become a reality.mccullough details battles and skirmishes that take place from the seige at boston through to the stunning victory at princeton in the first days of 1777. throughout it all several things are apparent. one is that washington, though a neophyte in military strategy, was a quick learner and an able leader. he looked the part at all times, even his very appearance causing many soldiers to take on attitudes of bravery and patriotism. another obvious point is that the soldiers were terribly unskilled and often broken by sickness and fatigue. they often frustrated washington, who wrote numerous times of the soldiers' cowardice and lack of discipline. finally, it was easy to see that the failure of the british to take the americans seriously resulted in many lost opporunities to end the war in 1776.why christians should read this bookwhat is most surprising about mccullough's book is that it paints a picture of the american troops that one does not often find in high school and college history books. the soldiers are revealed to have been lazy, undisciplined, and lacking in hygiene and integrity. it is eye-opening to see that few ordinary soldiers acted like the godly men they are often portrayed as, and yet how often the generals showed themselves to be serious followers of christ, ultimately leading to the success of the americans. were it not for the resolve, faith, and integrity of men like george washington, nathanael greene, and henry knox, america might never have realized the dream of independance. christians should be aware of not only america's righteous history, but also of its unfortunately past that is marred by sin and human depravity.another reason why christians need to read 1776 is that it presents an understanding of war that many in this country have forgotten. war, death, and peril were a part of life for the americans for many years, this after a similar lifestyle under the british, who participated in the bloody seven years war, or as it was know in the colonies, the french and indian war. though not celebrated, war was considered a necessary evil, due to the depravity of man and the ever present need to defend one's family. the men that fought in the american revolution, many of whom were clergymen and dedicated christians (some even quakers, who have always been classified as pacifists), did not see war as unchristlike and in opposition to their faith, but rather as a means to end government tyranny and the resultant suffering of men under the heavy hands of a vile dictatorship. one may well come away from the book with a different view of combat.problems with the bookthough mccullough, a pulitzer-prize winning author, writes with flair and depth, he seems at times to lose the reader in a sea of facts without adequate background or reference. an example of this is found in the second chapter where mccullough fails to give the reader a real picture of the layout of boston, despite vividly portraying the americans couragous midnight move to take dorchester heights, securing the city for the rebel troops. one must look at a map of boston in 1776 (the one provided by mccullough is woefully lacking in detail) to understand the amazingly brilliant and dangerous move on the heights. another problem with the book is that mccullough focuses entirely on washington and the troops under his command. nothing is mentioned regarding the attitude or situation in the southern colonies and most disappointing is the lack of details regarding the signing of the declaration of independance, which mccullough notes was of great importance to the morale of the soldiers and the will of the officers.overall ratingmccullough's latest book is deep, insightful, well-researched, and easy to get into, and thus deserves an overall rating of 8 rebels out of 10. this book has opened my eyes to many aspects of the american revolution about which i never before considered. it gives the reader a framework for understanding the miraculous results of the war born out of the desire to be free from the rule of a tyrant king and his loyal subjects in parliment.



6:30 pm  | permalink |  


wednesday, april 05, 2006 

book review: game of shadows


 fainaru-wada, mark and lance williams. game of shadows: barry bonds, balco, and the steroids scandal that rocked professional sports. new york: gotham books, 2006. 352 pp."so with few exceptions, the more than three dozen athletes who appeared before the grand jury admitted taking steroids . . . they weren't asked why. perhaps the answers were too obvious: it was to run faster, jump higher, hit the ball farther, and ultimately, make more money. some of the confessions were grudging and evasive. others were extremely forthcoming. it came down to the same thing: competitive sports, it turned out, was part mirage, a game of shadows" (p.197, emphasis mine).overview of the bookgame of shadows is a book that is hard to read for a sports enthusiast like myself. it reads more like a seedy novel about local government corruption than an expose on the recent steroids debacle in professional baseball and olympic track and field. lies told before the grand jury; greedy, angry track coaches turning state's evidence, and egotistical, success-driven athletes willing to put their lives on the line for the edge that might secure their own immortality are just a few of the storylines you will find in this book by the two san francisco chronicle reporters that first broke the story of the grand jury probe into the bay area laboratory co-operative (balco) and its hippie-turned-nutritionist-turned-steroids-dealer-to-the-stars victor conte.the story begins in 1998, barely two months into the baseball season that would serve to resurrect the sport still ailing from almost three decades of labor disputes, culminating in the august 1994 strike that "led to the only cancellation of the world series since world war i" (p.xi). in that year mark mcgwire and sammy sosa would awe the fans with their race to roger maris's record-breaking 61 homeruns. mcgwire would ultimately take the coveted prize, racking up 70 homers to sosa's 66. but that year would also eventually be clouded by a bottle of pills labeled "androstenedione" found in mcgwire's locker by a curious reporter. this led to speculation regarding legal supplements used by baseball players. but that was only the beginning . . . in chapter one victor conte is introduced as the genius behind the success of the track and field superstar marion jones. over the course of the next few chapters the authors in dramatic fashion weave a tale of backroom deals, money-laundering, and good old-fashioned sports doping, to arrive at what would prove to be the largest network of steroid trafficking in both baseball and track and field in u.s. history. and behind it all was victor conte, with his premier athletes: the future hall of famer barry bonds, and once crowned "world's fastest woman," marion jones.the authors explain how conte took his knowledge of nutritional products (which ironically many doctors dismissed as foolhardy) and, when facing bankruptcy, turned it into a multi-million dollar drug trafficking operation. conte's assent to the throne of sports infamy began with a small nutrition store he and his then-wife audrey opened in 1983. from there, his intelligence and quick learning aided him in winning many clients beginning with willy cahill, a former judo champion, to invest in his ideas about mineral deficiencies in athletes. capitalizing on this, his small outfit he named the bay area laboratory co-operative or balco for short, attracted many more clients, some of whom would provide him with the connections that would lead him to superstar athletes like bonds and marion jones. conte was able to meet men like patrick arnold, who was busy developing a substance nicknamed "the clear" from the all but forgotten russian-developed steroid norbolethone, and emeric delczeg, a 47-year old bodybuilder that supplied human growth hormone (hgh) to professional bodybuilders and nfl players like bill romanowski. through these men he met others like greg anderson, barry bonds childhood acquaintance who became his personal trainer and supplier of performance-enhancing drugs, and former soviet track coach remi korchemny, who now trained many elite u.s. track stars and had connections to countless others. eventually conte used the marketing of his legal product, zma (zinc magnesium/monomethionine aspartate) to front his steroid trafficking. in 2003, conte's world began to unravel. jeff novitzky, a special agent with the irs's criminal investigations unit (irs ci), started to investigate balco for money-laundering and drug trafficking. later that year trevor graham, the track and field coach for tim montgomery who had previously had a falling out with conte, decided he would get back at his former steroid supplier and called a reporter in north carolina with news that he had a syringe with a substance undetectable to drug tests that athletes on the west coast were using to enhance their performances. on december 3, 2003 agents raided balco's storefront offices on the peninsula near san francisco and by the end of the next year over a dozen premier athletes would testify before the grand jury as to their involvement with victor conte and their use of illegal and banned performance-enhancers.for his part, barry bonds never admitted to using the drugs. he claimed he did not know which products his trainer greg anderson was providing him, despite documents and testimony to the contrary. marion jones played the same denial game, eventually pulling out of competition in 2004 amid rumors that the new tests for thg (the name given to "the clear" by the scientists that first examined it for the u.s. anti-doping agency [ada]), had stunted her ability to compete on the level to which she had previously been accustomed. in the end, the authors leave you with a bad taste in your mouth for competitive sports and wishing that you hadn't taken the red pill and didn't know how deep the rabbit hole would go.why christians should read this booktoward the end of the book, the authors report on the now infamous hearing that took place before the house government reform committee in which baseball stars mark mcgwire, rafael palmeiro, and sammy sosa testified about steroid use in baseball. among those who would testify were baseball commissioner bud selig, players' union chief donald fehr, and denise and ray garibaldi, parents of rob garibaldi, a former junior college baseball standout who took his life on october 1, 2002, likely suffering from depression brought on by extensive steroid use that rob claimed was necessary if he was to make it to the big leagues. rob explained to his mother when she confronted him earlier in 2002 that he knew that major leaguers were using the same illegal products he had been injecting into his young body for the past five years. the garibaldi's sat in stunned silence as the athletes at the hearing dodged questions regarding steroid usage.this story illustrates the fact that steroid use has become rampant among high schoolers who see their idols bulking up in inexplicable ways to the detriment of their futures bodies. steroids are already common in bodybuilding, but in recent years, amid weak testing and blatant ignorance, they have tricked down into the locker rooms of would-be athletes, many of whom are impressionable christians pressured to perform by teammates, classmates, administrators, fans, and unfortunately, even parents who dream of elite scholarships and big professional contracts for their children. all christians need to come back often to the reality that men are depraved, that "the heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?" (jeremiah 17:9, kjv) it is important for us as christians to have a reasoned response to those who destroy their bodies in pursuit of vain glory. this book, above all else, shows evil men engaging in wicked acts to fuel their perverse egos. we should all take inventory of ourselves and those around us who may fall into the same traps.problems with the bookdespite the overwhelming evidence that the authors skillfully adapt into a dramatic narrative, they, in the interest of this approach, often leave the reader confused as to when events transpire and as to the timeline in relation to other occurrences detailed in the book. it would be helpful to the reader for them to include another appendix in the back with a timeline covering major events in relation to each other. also, the authors employ a moderate amount of profanity, mostly through quotes made by the major players in the narrative. still, the christian reader should be informed that were the book a movie, it would receive an 'r' rating. and finally, despite the fact that the book is well-written and incredibly informative, the authors at times go overboard to provide details that serve more to bog down the narrative than to inform the reader. an example of this is found in chapter seven when the authors detail the blossoming relationship between greg anderson and barry bonds. the authors could have sliced this chapter in half and still given the reader all that he needed to connect the two.overall ratingi would give this book an overall rating of 7 syringes out of 10. the book was informative, well-written, and hard to put down. the authors cover a great deal of material in a short format and from the beginning they suck the reader into a story that is bound to keep us intrigued for years to come, especially now that major league baseball has launched a new investigation into steroid use by its players and as barry bonds continues to receive criticism from fans.



6:12 am  | permalink |  

















last posts


show me "more friday funnies"!! - family feud editionthe triumphant return of the friday funniesbrand it!friday funnies: terry tate - office linebackerfriday funnies: ask a ninjafriday funnies -- the rap editionfriday funnies: the star wars editionfriday funnies -- president bush and elvisfriday humorthe ethanol craze begins




archives


april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
september 2007
july 2009
october 2010





email me




syndicate this site (xml)





		powered by blogger
		and blogger templates









