

the gospel truth of god's character, law, government and gospel


  

 





-----welcome to the


charles g. finney


-website







the complete works of
charles g. finney
unchanged and unabridged

charles g. finney 1792-1875


click here
 




 en español -- traduzidos para portugues -- in italiano -- en francais -- vertaald in het nederlands -- auf deutsch -- chinese -- telegu(india)
 
 finney 101: the teachings of charles finney made easy
 


now! the oberlin evangelist from 1839-1862: 
all of the original pages(approx. 5,000) available on-line.







today's quote
 it implies that this is their only work, that the only business they have on the earth is to glorify god in the world's conversion. they are to do or say nothing, and be nothing, more or less than is conducive to this end. to this their whole being, time, influence, and possessions are to be consecrated. in that solemn parting hour, christ doubtless meant to give them his whole mind in these few last words; go, apply yourselves directly to the conversion of the world, and finish the great work which i have begun. i have given you the example; let your eye too be single, and your devotion unwearied and entire.--charles finney
 many are discouraged by the present and past attainments of christians. they are constantly stumbled by the consideration that holy men of former and present times have known so little of full gospel salvation. they might just as reasonably let the past and present state of the world shake their confidence in the fact that the world will ever be converted. and indeed, whether they are aware of it or not, i suppose they have as much confidence in the one as in the other. they seem not to be aware of the fact that they are full of unbelief in regard to the world's conversion, while they are sensible that they have no confidence in the attainableness of rest from all their sins in this life.--the reason why they are sensible of unbelief in the one case and not in the other is, the one is placed before them as a present duty, in attempting to perform which they experience the chilling influence of unbelief--while the other is a thing which they have never tried to do, and which they do not understand to be their duty to do. consequently a want of confidence in respect to this, is not the object of the mind's attention. certainly a state of mind that can be discouraged by the past or present history of the church, would of course feel the same discouragement, and have the same reason for discouragement, in regard to the world's conversion.--charles finney

 


 home | finney life | finney works | text index | subject index | glossary | e-mail



 
 contact us: or ask your question: or leave your comments
 
 



  this site created and maintained by: gospel truth ministries. p.o. box 352 lindale, tx usa


copyright (c)1999-2021. gospel truth ministries. all rights reserved.
 










 


 







