







cheersounds: official music provider of the usasf | the sound of cheerleading | cheer music mixes






















































































cheer radio live 


log in


home


cheer


make a mix

8countmixer
shuffle mix
instamix



premade mixes


custom mixes



choreo review




dance

make a mix

premade mixes


custom mixes




songs


downloads


custom order form
8-count sheet only (excel)
8-count sheet only (pdf)
click track 2:30 145bpm





about

legal music
testimonials
carmine
contact



log in





radio:

































official music provider of the usasf.



customize a mix and hear it instantly.
			or let us build a custom mix just for you.











make a mix.
anyone can build a cheer mix with 8countmixer. drag-and-drop songs, sound effects 
			and voice overs onto an 8-count sheet, and press play to hear it instantly!

start my mix!



download a mix.
browse our budget-friendly library of cheer mixes and download your favorite instantly! 
			these mixes can also be customized with voice overs. 

listen to mixes!



order a custom mix.
let us create something specific for your team with our 10 vocalists and multiple producers. life-changing stuff; you'll never go back to your previous music.

order custom




over 12,000 teams per year choose cheersounds.
every mix is created for the purpose of competitive cheerleading. hear the cheersounds difference!














incredibly talented producers.

cheersounds is a group of music producers and engineers who love creating insanely high energy cheer music. lead by carmine silano, the team works every week of the year (except christmas!) to create, review and evolve cheerleading music.
each candidate is held up to the talents of any other producer in the music industry. they are tested on production knowledge, relative pitch, theory and efficient workflow. forget about part-time cheer coaches cutting up itunes songs. we're here to create music.
in addition to serving coaches and gym owners, cheersounds licenses original compositions and cover recordings to may other cheer music providers through its online platform, songsforcheer. nearly every cheerleading event in the usa features cheersounds' music!


here's the scoop.
we are born from cheerleading, music production, and software (lots of it!). 
			this combination gives us the ability to create a unique approach to cheer music production, particularly the ability for coaches to build their own music without having prior knowledge about music editing or licensing.
the problem we unanimously saw was that cheer music 
			was not matching the performance happening on stage. we were watching an exciting routine but listening to radio remixes. it didn't make sense to us; the industry should have its own type of music that fits the unique qualities of a cheer routine.
			
since 2010, we've built an unusually diverse team of producers, editors and software developers (and customer service reps!). 
			we built the resources to create any song or sound we need, and we built the system to distribute it. 
			now, we can finally merge our ideas into your choreography.
our build-your-own-mix platform, 8countmixer, is the worlds' only online cheer mix builder, and it's 
			chock-full of millions of dollars of cheer remixes. our best work is in your pocket, so just pull 
			out your phone and try out 8countmixer
			for free! it's the only platform that allows you to instantly hear your cheer mix edits from your phone! 
there's the whole copyright compliance thing, too, but we won't bore you with those details. 
			we're honored and excited to be the first usa cheer preferred music vendors, and hold the title of 
			official music provider of the usasf!




stats.


65394
mixes


11
years of service


18
employees


39
contractors


5
days per week


1929
songs




a summary.

i have not stopped listening to the music since you sent it to me. i am absolutely in love with it. you guys went above and beyond. it is more than i would have ever expected. all the little details with the love and obsession theme are just perfect. the girls are...no pun intended...obsessed with it. it makes them feel like a worlds team with such a custom mix. even the parents are impressed. i cannot say enough good things about it. i'm just blown away. i have used you guys every year since i started coaching, and you by far have the best combination of quality and customer service. you definitely have yourself a long time customer here. please pass on my message to the producers and artists as well. let them know we could not be happier with the final result.
erica rankin, east celebrity elite









6905 n. wickham rd. ste 405, melbourne, fl 32940
(321) 559-8400
info@cheersounds.com




















home
terms
contact
privacy
patents & trademarks




 copyright © 2010-2025 - cheersounds music and training, llc.  
		            	cheersounds® and its logo are registered trademarks. all rights reserved.
		            	official music provider of the usasf.
		            
























