



whizgidget wonders











 



whizgidget wonders...






















whizgidget wonders...






a place for reflection and commentary on a life well lived.  sort of.  well.... we try. 
i own all ramblings made here...
 &copy whizgidget/ams




		
                      general stuff
                      
            
whizgidget is currently feeling 



















		
                 the cast of characters
                      
            
me - the writer and observationist
dh - the wonderful person with whom the writer shares in mostly wedded bliss. 
a - the eldest daughter, almost 16, goofy, independent, and opinionated.
b - the youngest daughter, 14, quiet, cuddly, and determined.



				
                      what whiz wondered recently...
                      
	    

wipocalypse... the blue moon edition (very late)
wipocalypse august 2012 (the first one)
wipocalypse 2012... the july update
wipocalypse 2012... the june update
wipocalypse 2012...the may update...
wipocalypse 2012... the april 2012 post...
wipocalypse 2012...the march results...
it's wipocalypse time! - the february 2012 entry
wipocalypse 2012 - the january post
wipocalypse 2012...





general stuff - take a look



 - places to visit - 
the wagon bb
dracolair creations
wentzler yahoo group
dragon dreams
teresa wentzler designs
netflix - dvd rentals
general protection fault
kevin & kell


 - entries of note - 
rejecting reality
the in-crowd part 1
the in-crowd part 2
supersizeme part 1
supersizeme part 2


- blog archives -
october 2003
november 2003
december 2003
january 2004
february 2004
march 2004
april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
june 2009
august 2009
october 2009
february 2011
december 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
may 2012
june 2012
july 2012
august 2012
september 2012





other bloggers



previous | list |
                    next

yes, i've updated the blogroll.  if you hadn't posted in the last year, you were deleted.

   





				
                      template credits
                      
	    

                                        
    general layout design by   pannasmontata
    custom edits and adjustments by whizgidget

                                
    












    sunday, september 23, 2012
    
wipocalypse... the blue moon edition (very late)
...so, i'm really late on these postings, but still making it under the wire.

the progress for aging artfully (lizzie*kate) is stalled. 



see that word there?  the one that that starts with a p?  that's precisely where i am with my stitching and, clearly, with my blog entries.  and a whole host of other things, personal and professional.  my usual mojo is severely lacking and, i think, has run away to join the circus.  or is hiding under the bed.

the only thing that isn't suffering is color addiction.  i mean, affection.  right. 




i've got *that* still going, and will actually finish it.  maybe not in time for the next posting (which is due in a week, i think), but it will get done.  the knitting mojo is going ok.  it's suffering a little bit though - i've distracted myself with winding skeins and putting them into ravelry.  of course, they're not complete either, as i've not taken photos. 

seriously, i need to figure out what's going on here, because something is amiss.  so that's where things are at the moment.  i'm not being crafty at all, other than the random knitting and occasional dinner (i post my food porn on facebook), and that's all there is.  it's not like i'm that busy at work, although i've got a new module i'm designing that's being a pain.  but i think it's the damaged mojo that's hindering that too.

how about i just blame election season for it all, and get back to everyone in december?  right.  that won't work either.

labels: wipocalypse 2012
 

~whizgidget wondered about this on 9/23/2012 04:58:00 pm~
 | 
 | permanent link  
       | 








    wednesday, august 08, 2012
    
wipocalypse august 2012 (the first one)
...what do i mean about "the first one"? i mean there are two updates for august, due to two full moons.  in case those of you not affiliated with the wipocalypse aren't aware, the postings are supposed to happen near to the full moon.

this month, i'm a little late.  i've been a little late for a couple of months.  i've just gotten busy (or distracted) between taking the photos and posting the blog entry.

anyway, this is a little interesting update.  you see, i've not worked on anything for the wipocalypse.  sort of.  remember back in january when i said i might start something new?  well, i did.  two somethings, but only one of them is stitching.

so, that said, there aren't any updated pictures for existing wips.  but, here's the first new start - lizzie*kate's "abc's of aging artfully":



it was going along quite swimmingly... until i got distracted. by my birthday.  and yarn.  birthday yarn.  well, a gift card to a favorite local yarn shop that enabled me to buy birthday yarn, which is coming along into something.  the pic is a little yellow from the sunlight through the diffused blinds in the room - that's a really nice creamy white, not a yellow.






it's a pattern called color affection and can be found here.  don't say i didn't warn you - it's addicting.  i've effectively renamed this pattern.  it's color affection/affliction/infection/addiction.  it is. truly.  and that's before you start knitting it. you become obsessed with the colors that you can mix into this.  



and that's where i am with this month.  hopefully i'll be back on some of the wipocalypse pieces in the next update.  but i did say i reserved the right to start something new, and that i wasn't going to apologize for knitting as part of this, so i think i'm covered.  :d



until next time... labels: wipocalypse 2012
 

~whizgidget wondered about this on 8/08/2012 07:01:00 pm~
 | 
 | permanent link  
       | 








    saturday, july 21, 2012
    
wipocalypse 2012... the july update
...i'd better get cracking on posting these sooner... i'm *almost* a month behind!

so, you can scroll down to the last post to see what the progress from last month.  *this* month?  so much progress.  note: these pictures were taken a couple of weeks ago (actually on the date of the wipocalypse posting), but i got lazy and distracted and didn't write them up.  wait until you see the next update! 

anyway, after a pretty solid weekend of stitching... and only one weekend of stitching... here's what celestial dragon looked like at the beginning of july (if i'm right, you can click all these to "biggify" - i'm still getting used to the new blogger interface):



yes, i've done quite a bit of filling in on him - that's what i get for spending almost an entire weekend working on him.  i should do that more often.

meanwhile, frostlight (being made from the yarn ball of death) is making progress too!
she's gotten quite long, and i'm rather pleased about that.  there's about a half a ball of yarn left and, while i'm itching to get started on another project that's had me drooling for months now, i'm not going to start it until i finish frosty here.

in other crafting news, i work with chainmaille occasionally.  you know, those ringy things that make up the pretty shiny armor that you see knights wear (or hobbits, in the case of the pretty maille that frodo wore in the lotr movies)?  well, i don't make anything quite that ambitious.  just the occasional bracelet, earrings, or in this case, a scissor fob!



i'm calling it wigglybits, as it does have a neat flow to it.  it's based on a weave called shaggy loops, but i added more rings to the sides because it wasn't weighty enough or dense enough in color to suit me.  this was a fast weave, believe me, but i've also got some practice.  sorry for the blur on the photo to the right, but that's what the weave looks like when it's upright, instead of laying down (above) which doesn't really show how pretty the flow is on it.

anyway, that's this month's update, and in a couple of weeks i'll have another one that will show you what i've been up to during the month of july...

see you then!labels: wipocalypse 2012
 

~whizgidget wondered about this on 7/21/2012 06:13:00 pm~
 | 
 | permanent link  
       | 








    wednesday, june 20, 2012
    
wipocalypse 2012... the june update
...so, we're a little late this month with the update, but i've been busy.  data to test, things to do, places to go, all the usual stuff.

so, let's get started.  at the start of the month i was still recovering from my trapezius issue that i mentioned last update.  it's a nasty one, and makes me more prone to having a sore shoulder.

when last we left you, the dragon looked like this.
this month?  no progress. see? 





but i did make some progress on the yarn ball of death and its transformation into frostlight.


i'm taking a short break from stitching, just to let things heal, but i do plan a marathon weekend of stitching that should show some progress on the draggie.  and the scarf.  and perhaps something new.  :)

labels: wipocalypse 2012
 

~whizgidget wondered about this on 6/20/2012 09:31:00 pm~
 | 
 | permanent link  
       | 








    monday, may 07, 2012
    
wipocalypse 2012...the may update...
...hello again, everyone.  it's that time again to update y'all about the goings-on for the wipocalypse. 

when last we left you, the dragon looked like this. 

unfortunately, there's not been a lot of progress.  you see, the weekend that i had set aside to sit and just stitch, stitch, stitch (it was going to be roughly 3 days worth of solid progress), i woke up with an ache in my right shoulder.  dh was going camping for the weekend, but i figured some gym time would sort out the ache.  

about a half hour later, in the gym, it was a solid ow-ow-ow-burn-pain with every step i ran on the treadmill. so i stopped running.  i walked for a bit and got bored, so i did a few more easy things: some ab work, some leg work, a very little bit of shoulder work.  

then i came home.  i started to do a little cleaning.  bad idea.  the ow-ow-ow-burn-pain blossomed into a very serious ow-shoot-me-then-stab-me-in-the-eye-and-run-me-over-with-a-truck-a-few-times-as-that-will-hurt-less-than-this. i may be understating that a little though.  i couldn't move.  i shouldn't have been behind the wheel of a car (i had a hard time turning my neck, you see).  

some heat application, ice application, tennis ball between me and the wall application was not loosening the knot in my right trapezius.  if you don't know what the trapezius is, it's the muscle that runs down the side (and back) of your neck, across the top of your shoulder, and along your spine, adjacent to your shoulder blade (you have two, one on the right, one on the left).  it's an important muscle for use, function, and support of your arm.  i clearly need to work this area a little more in the gym, so it gets stronger and less prone to injury, although i still do not know what i did to cause this knot.

and i didn't just have a knot. i had a very visible knot there - even while wearing a shirt. i had, essentially, a useless right arm with no one in the house to help me out until the daughters got home from school.  i had no clue how i caused this either, as i woke up with it and i hadn't done anything in the previous couple of days that could have been considered strenuous (or that could have caused injury - trust me, i've been over the previous 96 hours to waking up with this with a fine-toothed comb in my brain).  

that weekend i put a sum total of 10 stitches in the dragon.  there should have been hundreds, but i could only manage 10.  in a two hour period. yeah.  i'm still feeling the effects of it - i'm still a little sore, my right arm is still a little weak.  it's getting better, and i'm working it carefully in the gym, and the occasional application of something magical called biofreeze is helping loosen things up. 

so, here's the dragon now:

there's minute progress. i wouldn't feel accomplished at all about this progress, if i hadn't finished happy sock #2 just prior to my shoulder going zot.


they certainly are happy socks, and i have happy feet now. 

i also have the yarn ball of death.  i spent about 4 days winding this ball.  it's not that it's particularly large (about 425 yards of yarn), or that i mind winding yarn by hand (as i don't have a swift or ball winder).  it's that when i unwound the hank, it was a spectacular mess of tangle.  a tangle that was not visible when i bought the yarn (else i wouldn't have bought the yarn).  no swift in the world could have helped this be any faster or easier.  that's what i did with my stitching time as my shoulder recovered - i slowly and carefully, wound yarn. 


it's going to be a scarf.  it's going to be *this* scarf: frostlight i think it's going to be lovely, and i also have a very light lavender color for this scarf too.  i've not started it yet, so maybe i'll have some progress next month.  yes, knitting a scarf in may in california seems contradictory to making sense, but it does sometimes get cold here, and i do like having my neck warm, and i may have occasion to visit snowy places from time to time.  and if i knit it now, it will be ready for winter when i need it. 

so there.  now, my shoulder and i are going to go watch 'mad men' and work on a dragon...labels: wipocalypse 2012
 

~whizgidget wondered about this on 5/07/2012 12:15:00 pm~
 | 
 | permanent link  
       | 








    friday, april 06, 2012
    
wipocalypse 2012... the april 2012 post...
...so, here we are again, ready to report progress for the wipocalypse. i'm sad to say that i don't think i got as much done as i wanted on celestial dragon, but it's still a considerable amount of progress nonetheless.before we get started, we lost a participant this month, as many of you know.  she passed rather suddenly, and it was a shock to me when i learned it. it still is a shock to me. to wit, i dedicate my post this month to carol of carol's needle sketches.  you will be missed carol. now, onto the progress.remember, this is what he looked like last time we visited. here is what he's looking like today: not too shabby, eh?  he's filling out nicely, and is so sparkly.  my apologies for the shiny spot in the middle - that's a reflection from behind the fabric of my mesh bag that was sitting on my stand. meanwhile, that's not all i worked on.  happy sock is still in progress!  i expected that i might be up to the heel by the time this check in rolled around.  i was more than right. (sorry for the blur)i've turned the heel and am working up the leg.  this makes me happy, and i'll have a new pretty and bright pair of socks shortly.  then i can start a scarf or something. i've also started thinking about what else i might want to do for wipocalypse as a new start.  i recently picked up mirabilia's silver moon tea, but i've got villa mirabilia sitting and waiting for me, and i'm thinking that might be the one.  we'll see - there's still time to start something new. so, that's it for now. happy stitching everyone!labels: wipocalypse 2012
 

~whizgidget wondered about this on 4/06/2012 11:54:00 am~
 | 
 | permanent link  
       | 








    wednesday, march 07, 2012
    
wipocalypse 2012...the march results...
...here we are again, on the advent of a full moon, where i am compelled to report my results of this month's efforts on the wips. well, i think i did pretty good. first off, we have a finish!  no, not a stitching finish, but a finish nonetheless.  i finished happy sock #1.  when we last left happy sock, i was working up the foot, and figured that i might have turned the heel on it by this posting.  well, i went to stitches west, and i made some good progress on celestial dragon, so i just kept going. so, here is happy sock: isn't she pretty?  hopefully soon i'll have happy feet, due to the completion of happy sock #2, which was cast on last night, and i'm just starting to get into the pattern going up the foot.but the real reason we're here is to see my progress on my wips... the only one i worked on was celestial dragon, but i think you'll be impressed with the progress. remember, this is what he looked like last time.  but now just look at him!i've *really* been working hard on him and he's been working hard on me. it's a real bear stripping that carrying thread from the sparkly, but it's worth it.  i did have to frog out the bottom loop of his body because i mis-counted.  if that hadn't happened, then i would have had at least another couple of hours done on him.so, that's all for this round of wipocalypse! hopefully next time i'll have him fleshed out a little more and maybe up to the heel on happy sock #2!happy stitching!labels: wipocalypse 2012
 

~whizgidget wondered about this on 3/07/2012 07:37:00 pm~
 | 
 | permanent link  
       | 








    tuesday, february 07, 2012
    
it's wipocalypse time! - the february 2012 entry
...when last we visited, our ambitious stitcher had some big plans on her plat- er - stand.  there was rampant thoughts of finishing 'fortunate traveller' and immediately working on something else from the list. well, you know what they say about best laid plans...but this time, a best laid plan came to be! fortunate traveller was completed!  some of you have already seen this, if you're friends with my alter ego (e.g. my real life name) on facebook, or if you're a regular passerby on the wagon.  but if not, then here he is: remember that thought i mentioned earlier?  the one about immediately working on something else from the list? well, that didn't quite happen.  i started knitting a sock. toe-up.  it was my reward for finishing traveller.some of you may be going, "so?" well... when you've never knit a sock toe-up, there is a learning curve. i have to say, though, there is a very nice colorful happy sock in progress: http://www2.blogger.com/img/blank.gifthat's lorna's laces solemate in the rainbow colorway. it's not as bright and colorful as i expected it to be (really, i wanted more red/orange/yellow), but i still like it. then i realized, i needed to get cracking on something else. but what would it be?  year of the dragon had started, and i came to realize that i'd populated my wipocalypse list with dragons, quite by accident.  i just happen to love dragons, so it made sense that i have a lot of them as wips.  but considering year of the dragon had just started, why not celestial dragon? you can find his last image here, but this is what he looks like now: i'd say that i've made a bit of progress, wouldn't you? now, what's on deck for the next run of stitching? well, more of celestial dragon should appear between now and then, and hopefully i'll have turned the heel on the happy sock.  happy sock is my break for when i don't feel like stitching, but need to do something while i catch up with what's on the dvr. that's all for now, folks.  happy stitching and we'll see you next time...labels: wipocalypse 2012
 

~whizgidget wondered about this on 2/07/2012 09:00:00 am~
 | 
 | permanent link  
       | 








    sunday, january 08, 2012
    
wipocalypse 2012 - the january post
...and so it begins.  i figured on beginning at the beginning and as a result, i've not stitched on anything for the wipocalypse yet.  hey, i'm posting on a sunday, and that almost never happens either, so we're all in for something a little different sometimes.i decided my opening post would be the introduction to the pieces that i mentioned in my last post that declared my entry into the year of wips. so, i took a few pictures today of the wips that are in existence for this year's run. there is one, however, that i don't have because it's still in the possession of someone else.  that would be the twrr (from 2006), which i dearly hope will move on to another person to be worked on soon.meanwhile, here are the contenders.  in the #1 slot, we have teresa wentzler's "the fortunate traveler": traveller is close to being finished - the only thing that remains are the darker sets of lazy daisies and the beading.  this would have been a 2011 finish (my only 2011 finish) had i not gotten hit with a small bout of finishing anxiety, and then turned my head to knitting in the colder days that closed out the year.  i am determined to finish this shortly (after i finish a scarf i'm working on), so maybe i'll have a happy dance before the next wipocalypse posting.maybe.next on the list is a dimples designs round robin that i've had sitting in my pile for quite some time.  it hasn't screamed at me to finish it - it hasn't even uttered but a whimper, but i think it's time for the last of the over 1 bugs to be completed, and i know i had a plan for the bottom two sections, but i don't remember what it was: the last two are barely worth showing, but i promised.  they are wips - in fact, they're left over from the original guilt free january.  the very *first* guilt free january we ever had years and years ago. meet teresa wentzler's "storyteller":i know, sad isn't it? it's such a pretty fabric (some silkweaver solo from the original silkweaver solo sets), but i've just not brought myself to work on it. what i did do more work on was teresa wentzler's "celestial dragon", which is being temperamental and won't let me share a pic.  so you're just going to have to go here to see it.see, i got all the boring parts out of the way so that i could reward myself with a beautiful dragon... and then i proceeded to not work on it.  i've not touched any of these in at least 5 years, with the exception of fortunate traveller, which is why all of these made the list.   the others i mentioned in my post to work on are kitted up and ready for me when i am, but they don't get the honor of a photo until stitches are in. so, that's the current state of the wipocalypse for me.  let's see how far i can get by next time...
 

~whizgidget wondered about this on 1/08/2012 01:00:00 pm~
 | 
 | permanent link  
       | 








    wednesday, december 28, 2011
    
wipocalypse 2012...
...hi everyone, i'm back.  i've joined wipocalypse 2012 - for those of you not in the stitching world, this is a cross-stitching thing.  the basic guidelines were set out on measi's blog, and in a fit of enthusiasm, i joined up. i was hoping to have finished the fortunate traveller by then, but alas, twas not to be.  it's still got some lazy daisies and beading to be completed that i could probably finish in 3-5 hours, but i'm knitting something right now and i don't want to stop. considering my penchant for knitting, i'm going to be cautious with my list, but it's also got some big items on it.therefore, entrant #1 for wipocalypse 2012 will be the fortunate traveller.  all links in this post will be to the source design, and not my current progress.i'm not going to try and be ambitious, but... i think this is a year for working on some tw's.  therefore, i'm adding celestial dragon and storyteller to the list. there will be at least one mirabilia mermaid, to be determined at a future date as to which one - this will be a new addition as i don't have any that are current wips, but i do have several kitted.dracolair's ouroborus will be started this year. and hopefully finished. chatelaine's egypt garden will get started this year and, once i find it, the dimples designs round robin will also be completed. i also plan to finish my tw round robin, if it ever comes back home to me. ok. that's it. wipocalypse 2012's list has been launched.
 

~whizgidget wondered about this on 12/28/2011 12:07:00 pm~
 | 
 | permanent link  
       | 









remember, i own all ramblings made here...
 © 2003-2019 whizgidget/ams











