




























home | university of texas at austin











retweet icon



bullhorn icon



reply icon



info icon



flickr icon



tumblr icon



vimeo icon



reddit icon



podcast icon



angle-down icon



angle-left icon



angle-right icon



angle-up icon



ban icon



hamburger icon



book icon



bookmark icon



bug icon



caret-down icon



caret-left icon



caret-right icon



caret-up icon



chain icon



check icon



check-circle icon



chevron-down icon



chevron-left icon



chevron-right icon



chevron-up icon



circle icon



circle-o icon



clone icon



close icon



download-cloud icon



code icon



download icon



ellipsis icon



envelope icon



warning icon



external-link icon



eye icon



eye-slash icon



facebook icon



github icon



google-plus icon



heart icon



heart-o icon



home icon



info-circle icon



instagram icon



linkedin icon



lock icon



medium icon



minus-circle icon



send icon



pause-circle icon



play-circle icon



plus-circle icon



question-circle icon



quote-left icon



quote-right icon



rss-square icon



search icon



share-alt icon



slack icon



snapchat icon



ticket icon



twitter icon



wheelchair icon



youtube icon





      skip to main content
    






the university of texas at austin



menu








header: audiences


current students


faculty & staff


alumni


families & visitors










search












header: utility links


maps


directory


ut direct




give


apply








the university of texas at austin






about


academics




academic experience


areas of study


extended campus


cockrell school of engineering


college of education


college of fine arts


college of liberal arts


college of natural sciences


college of pharmacy


dell medical school


graduate school


jackson school of geosciences


lbj school of public affairs


mccombs school of business


moody college of communication


school of architecture


school of civic leadership


school of information


school of law


school of nursing


steve hicks school of social work


undergraduate college






admission & aid





be a longhorn

what starts here changes the world. it's more than a motto. it’s what we prove each and every day, as texas and its exes advance discovery and innovation on a global stage. join us.





undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


school of law admissions


dell medical school admissions


campus visits


financial aid


tuition & costs






campus & community





honor the horns

honesty, integrity and respect — three words that embody the longhorn spirit and help make ut austin one of the best universities in the world.
learn more





arts & culture


campus destinations


entrepreneurship & innovation


health & well-being


housing & dining


life in austin


medical center


report misconduct


safety & security


student involvement






research





change the world

longhorns are passionate about making the world a better place, united by the belief that creating and sharing knowledge can save lives and transform society. come explore our vast research enterprise — or better yet, create, innovate and discover with us.





overview


student research


units & centers


libraries


off-campus research sites


experts guide






athletics


news


























pause button
pause button















  whatstartsherechangesthe world




















              $20 million infusion for ut mba programs
            
















                      national academy of engineering selects 5 from ut
                    
















                      ut leads defense research in robotics
                    










ut news
texas today calendar










impact as bigas texas
what starts here changes the world. what starts here can be a new idea in the mind of a single student. what starts here can be a work of art that enriches lives or a discovery that saves them. what starts here can be a new way of doing things, a new perspective on a global challenge. what starts here changes the world.

















join longhorn nation
a big-time collegiate experience at the no. 1 public university in texas. a top-40 world university. one of the top cities in america to live in. more than 170 fields of study and a sky-high alumni-success rate. longhorn students are having an impact on the world as entrepreneurs and leaders in the community, doing real research and innovating new solutions to important problems. this culture of achievement has led to student success across the forty acres and beyond with longhorn alumni leading in every field.

admissions



1
public university
in texas


170
fields of study




















teach, discover, lead
the texas faculty is united by a desire for impact — both on students and in their fields. for 140 years, ut austin has provided first-class education and world-class research. attracting the top talent from around the globe, we value a culture of learning, discovery, freedom, leadership, individual opportunity and responsibility to transform lives and society. living in austin's not bad either. ut's faculty includes numerous macarthur, guggenheim and carnegie fellows, more than 125 members of national academies, and other winners of globally important prizes such as the nobel, pulitzer and edison. texas also has a long history of welcoming visiting professors and lecturers to enrich the student experience, from barbara jordan to karl rove and matthew mcconaughey to kendra scott.

faculty careers



1201
u.s. & internationalpatents past 10 years


7198
externally sponsored projects


796
awarded in sponsored projects
796 million dollars




















connect with austin
austin is booming, and ut is at the heart of its innovation ecosystem. ut research is a key reason the austin area is home to dell, apple, google, tesla and other technology giants. its vibrant campus — both historic and state-of-the-art — is at the crossroads of technology, the arts, business, medicine, sports and entertainment, and thought leadership of all kinds. cultural mega-events like south by southwest and the austin city limits music festival are outgrowths of this synergy.

innovation board



ut austin strengthens the texas economy
8.8
8.8 billion dollars
per year














            partner with us
        
to change the world, ut needs collaborators. mission-driven foundations partner with us for impact at scale.  additionally, ut is a world-class partner and destination for our military, veterans and their families. industries help take our innovations to market, creating win-win-win situations for themselves, our faculty and society. discovery to impact is the connection between campus innovators and industry. we cultivate ideas, uncover pathways to market, and foster commercial collaborations that translate academic research into services, treatments and products that benefit society.  ut can help your company recruit new ut graduates, connect with faculty and research units and meet your philanthropic goals.













be a leader.  be a longhorn.





earn a bachelor's degree
discover your possibilities with an undergraduate degree from texas.




life at texas
eating, sleeping, working, playing. what is life like at texas' premier university?




tuition and costs
get a world-class education at an affordable cost.




visit texas
everything you need for a successful campus visit.






earn a graduate degree
come to texas a grad student. leave an international expert.




join a community
ut strives to create a community that fosters an open and supportive learning, teaching, and working environment. our strength as a university draws from our wide range of perspectives and experiences.




search for faculty jobs
a university is only as good as its faculty, so we want the best.




explore extended campus
continuing and professional education at texas.





search



search

























connect with ut austinsubscribe to our newsletter




facebookfind us on facebook


x (twitter)
find us on x (formerly twitter)




instagramsee us on instagram

linkedinfind us on linkedin

youtubesee us on youtube





 starts with you









access course syllabi and instructor cvs


hazing prevention and response


statewide search


campus carry


heerf/cares act compliance


texas homeland security


contact


jobs


texas veterans portal


counseling and mental health


online institutional resumes


title ix reporting (sexual misconduct)


disability resources


public forum on campus


ut system


emergency information


site policies


web accessibility policy


fraud, waste, or abuse


state of texas


web privacy policy










© the university of texas at austin 2025










