




































    windy ridge tree farm | amboy, wa.
  













                  home



  about our farm



  plant sales






  


     plant salvage



  gallery



  contact us












    
 





       windy ridge tree farm nature's resource 



   about our farm:    windy ridge tree farm is located in a quiet valley within amboy, wa. in the beautiful pacific northwest. our farm lies at the forks of chelatchie creek, a beautiful clean rushing mountain stream. the farm boasts views of the rolling prairie fields and tum-tum mountain, also known as heart-mountain, which was named by the local native americans for its dome shape. tum-tum valley has excellent farmland, capable of the highest type of cultivation due to its rich and fertile land.windy ridge tree farm and the tum-tum valley is home to various species of frogs, salamanders, newts, red-tailed hawks, and other species of birds. deer, elk, coyotes, raccoons, and rabbits run freely amongst the land. it is not uncommon to see an occasional fly-by of the osprey and bald eagle.
  




our farm takes a natural, earth centered holistic approach to farming and gardening. by using natural methods of farming, we limit the use of  fertilizers, pesticides, and herbicides. pests and weeds are controlled in an environmentally conscious way for the benefit of the local fish and wildlife, as well as the health of public.we specialize in salvaging ground cover, wetland, and woody plants that are native to the pacific northwest.our greenery is salvaged and harvested by hand from timber sales and land that is scheduled for new development.


   how can you help? 
    


 help support our family farm by donating native plants. are you planning on cutting down timber on your property? are you harvesting timber from land in preparation for new roads and developments going in? do you have native seedling trees, shrubs, or ground cover? we may be able to salvage native plants from your property before the deforestation begins. we can harvest by hand and salvage those unwanted plants. these plants can then be replanted restoration projects, to prevent erosion, improving wetland areas, and providing buffers which provide shelter and food for the wildlife. by donating unwanted native plants, you are helping the ecosystem and in turn helping fish and wildlife of the pacific northwest. we will care for the plants harvested from your land and later provide them for various community group plantings, neighborhood associations, weddings, fundraisers, and native nurseries.





    


 why buy local? 
help support and save our family farms when you buy locally grown and harvested products. locally grown food is fresh, tasty, and healthy alternative to buying large chain corporate grocery store products. nutritional content of locally grown food surpasses grocery store bought. buy local for the good of the environment! farm land protects watersheds and provides a healthy ecosystem for fish and mammals in the pacific northwest.


   why buy from small farms? 
when you buy locally grown and harvested products, you are helping family farms stay viable. locally grown, seasonal food is fresh and wholesome. farms protect watersheds and provide biodiversity. not to mention, they add beauty to the landscape. every dollar spent locally keeps money in the local community. small local farms are disappearing at an alarming rate. farms are natural classrooms and provide education, recreation, and entertainment and healthy outdoor experiences. supporting a local farm is good for today’s community and the farmers of tomorrow.
  




    
      




    




    








 bees: 
thousands of bees spend the spring, summer and early fall pollinating the plants of windy ridge tree farm. we sell local honey that is raw and unaltered, so it maintains all the natural vitamins and nutritional value. raw honey tastes delicious and is a natural sweetener. enjoy the taste of local honey


   
chickens: 
our chickens are pasture raised with access to a coop for shelter at night. our chickens spend most of their time outside eating bugs and soaking up vitamin d. farm fresh eggs taste amazing and you will notice the difference with the first bite. eggs are a nutritional power house and farm fresh eggs bring a flavor that can’t be beat.
  
      




    





     




    










    
      




    




    




    





     




    




    




    








 pig sales: 
we are well known in the northwest for raising rare, mini heritage pigs. breeds include; kunekune, juliana, and american guinea hog crosses. our pigs are bred for their docile disposition which makes them easy to care for and an ideal pig for the homestead or farm. the pigs we breed are generally quite friendly and are socialized at an early age; they even like a good belly rub or back scratch. our mini pigs have short snouts and display minimal rooting. these short snouted pigs are less likely to be destructive on fences and land. their main food source is grass so their food intake is small. our pigs are perfect for hobby farmers, petting zoos, or even as therapeutic pets. these friendly animals get along well with other farm animals and pets. contact us today to come pick yours out!


   wreaths: 
we grow noble firs that are used for wreaths. noble firs are known for their silvery blue needles and wonderful fragrance. noble fir boughs are harvested fresh from our trees and crafted into beautiful wreaths. noble firs are long lasting even after harvest and the wreaths will last throughout the holiday season.
  




    


 grass hay, round bales, and silage: 
growing your own hay to feed livestock is a step towards being a self-sufficient farm. we are fortunate to have several large, open fields that are hayed each season. we use hay for bedding and feeding livestock. 


   plant salvage 
windy ridge tree farm digs up native plants from sites slated for development. a partnership working with logging companies, timber owners, developers provide plant material at a low cost & rescues plants from construction sites.recycled plants are used to restore stream banks, wetlands, wildlife habitat & plant sales. recycled: valuable locally-adapted plant materials from construction sites source of low-cost plant materials educate people in native plant propagation and environmental restoration techniquesthe pacific northwest rainforest unique and fragile ecosystem has immense plant species diversity and many rare, threatened and endangered species. windy ridge tree farm initiated a salvaging operation to save some of these plants and opened a tree farm and nursery. we created salvage techniques, coordination strategies and low cost plants


   contact us we’d love to hear from you. call us now at (360) 247-8733 or send a message using the form below we’ll get back to you as soon as we can.  
   name

 phone

 email

 message





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




    








       


 robert kramer, owner(360) 247-8733    physical address:42205 ne 256th aveamboy, wa 98601 -
map
 mailing address:p.o. box 187amboy, wa 98601





   website by justin's web design















































































































  
  share by:








