



"florida fishing at it's finest. fishing florida waters with sea level 
family flats fishing charters is more than fun in the sun, it's a florida 
fishing adventure. sea level family flats fishing charters is a florida fishing 
charters service that operates
"florida fishing at it's finest. fishing florida waters with sea level family flats fishing charters is more than fun in the sun, it's a
florida fishing adventure. sea level family flats fishing charters is a florida fishing charters service that operates with only four of
the best florida fishing guides in the business. florida saltwater fishing the waters of sanibel island and pine island sound is something that can't
be put into words it can only be experienced. sea level family flats fishing charters and guide service...it's the finest florida flats fishing business around.
sea level family flats fishing charters is a cape coral, florida fishing guide service that specializes
in saltwater backcountry flats fishing the waters of southwest florida's pine island sound, sanibel island, 
captiva island and the surrounding waters of pine island including matlacha pass, ding darling national wildlife refuge 
and all associated keys, islands, rivers and near gulf shore waters. sea level family flats fishing charters is based out of 
beautiful tarpon point marina, cape coral, florida, where florida flats fishing is a way of life."







sea level family 
fishing


 

charters  
and  
ecotours

 




real estate 
canal/dolphin/manatee/photo/shelling

tours



we specialize in, and prefer, husband, wife and 
children charters.

(that's right, 

ecotours! 

we 

shell, 
dolphin watch, photograph wildlife and swim in the gulf of mexico too.)
 

you're going to want to bookmark this page.






cape coral real estate 
canal and wildlife tours 
( boat and get the real canal facts from a local
before  
you pick a real estate agent.  we'll tell you what "they 
won't"... )
(click here)



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 


 




stop and look around




click on the 



green links below for some great info


     
*about captain dave* 





map of lee county, florida



hydrographic map of pine island sound 
(it's 
worth the download time)

game fish species available by seasons

florida's fish identification guide



(adobe reader needed)


a few 
good knots



florida marine fisheries page (florida fishing records, 
etc.)


shelling sanibel and outer islands 

(color shell photo guide, how, when, 
where)


today's cape coral, florida weather report



cape coral real estate 
canal and wildlife tours  
( boat and get the real canal facts from a local
before 
you pick a real estate agent or buy a canal or water view lot )
(click here)



click here for prices, times and what to bring



 





 

 



*fly 
- spin - plug*

 
  
  


 

florida fishing at it's finest. fishing 
florida waters with  sea level family fishing charters is more than fun in 
the sun, it's a florida fishing adventure. sea level family fishing charters
is 
a florida fishing charter service that operates with only four of the best 
florida fishing guides in the business. florida saltwater fishing the waters 
of sanibel island and pine island sound is something that can't be put into 
words, it can only be experienced.
sea level family fishing charters is 
a

cape coral, florida fishing guide service that 
specializes in saltwater backcountry flats fishing 
the waters of southwest florida’s
pine island sound, 
sanibel 
island,

captiva 
island and 
the surrounding waters of 
pine 
island including, matlacha pass,

ding 
darling national wildlife refuge 
and all associated 
keys,

islands,

rivers 
and near 
gulf 
shore waters. we
are
based out of beautiful tarpon point marina, cape coral, 
florida..."where florida flats fishing is a way of life".



(we specialize in teaching your family “how” 
to fish)



(239-549-8594)

fishsealevel@comcast.net





**a 
new concept in guide services**

sea level family fishing 
charters is a flats fishing guide service dedicated to teaching 
the family 
how to realize 
the joys of shallow water flats fishing. we specialize in teaching your
spouse and children the 
fundamentals of fishing. when the family learns how to fish as an outdoor unit 
the more likely they will enjoy the outdoors together and more often. years of 
experience has proven to us that those who always seem to have the best outdoor 
flats fishing adventure are those who have either never fished before or those with 
the least amount of fishing experience. all to often dads and moms are reluctant 
to take their children fishing because of their lack of knowledge or because 
they feel intimidated by the guide experience itself. consequently, the children 
are denied the opportunity to learn the art of flats fishing from an experienced 
professional teacher and guide. come aboard, enjoy the day, and let us 
teach your spouse and children how to catch fish. we prefer not only the 
avid 
fishers, but also "the family".

*sponsored by 
sea fox boats and motor guide 
motors*



2004 
sea fox 205 bay fisher and 2004 150hp four stroke yamaha engine 11" draft 
(merc shown)
captain dave ribeca 
and his staff have worked relentlessly, over many years, to become the best and 
the hardest  working cape coral saltwater backcountry flats fishing guides that 
flats fish southwest florida's pine island sound, sanibel island and
captiva island 
waters. you will see your dollars at work! hop aboard and flats fish for snook,
redfish, trout, tarpon or the backcountry species of your choice. 
you'll play hard and fish even harder.




 


 





 

 



click here for prices, times and what to bring


fishsealevel@comcast.net




  whether 
a semi-pro or novice, you should 
know:

sea level family fishing 
charters and guide service consists of only four professional, u.s. coast guard 
licensed, insured, and u.s. coast guard safety approved captains. each captain 
is a member of the "action craft" boat company's professional guide team and has 
been officially selected by action craft via applications and interviews. our 
guide team has met the standards of the finest flats skiff manufacturer in the 
fishing industry, as advertised in "florida sportsman
magazine". we take pride 
in that kind of endorsement. we have fished with the best of the best. come on 
down and take us out for a try.




our 
purpose:

the purpose of limiting the 
number of captains to four is to enable better communications between the guides 
as to where the fishing has been hot and where it has tapered off. it is the 
goal of the "guide team" to help one another and their clients produce fish 
through cooperation and the sharing of information on a regular basis. in short, 
it is in the best interest of each guide to insure the others success. who 
benefits? obviously, everyone. especially the "paying customer". with larger 
guide services, that book literally dozens of captains, the elements of 
"cooperation" and "team work" are lost.                                                           
 
 where 
will you fish?

we saltwater backcountry flats fish the 
waters of southwest florida's lee island waterways. specifically, the
calooshatchee river, the flats and keys of pine island sound, 
blind pass, redfish pass, matlacha pass, 
captiva pass, famous boca grande pass, charlotte 
harbor, near gulf of mexico waters, and ding darling national wildlife sanctuary. 
southwest florida waters are by far some of the most under fished waters in the 
state. the diverse wild life and estuaries are something to see. the beauty of 
fishing around sanibel island, captiva island, 
cayo costa island, pine island 
and the countless smaller keys and island sanctuaries 
cannot be put into words...


it 
can only be experienced!
           




click here for prices, times and what to bring






cape harbour marina, cape coral, florida












beautiful cape harbour marina is 
located in cape coral, florida at the mouth of the caloosahatchee river and is 
the proud home of sea
level family fishing charters,  
guide
service and
ecotours.






directions to cape harbour marina







what 

will 

you 

catch?

good 
flats fishing is based on many, many 
factors. migration and feeding patterns, 
seasons, weather conditions, water clarity 
and temperature, tides, and daily fish 
behavior are just a few contributing elements that affect different fish 
species in different ways. however, catching fish is not difficult in our 
pristine waters due to the number of varied fish species and your guide's 
knowledge. in short, something is always biting. snook, 
redfish, spotted sea trout, local and boca grande 
tarpon, cobia, tripletail, snapper,
grouper, spanish mackerel, sheepshead,
permit, pompano, shark, flounder,
jack crevalle, black drum, and ladyfish 
are all accessible to fishermen on our flats and in our passes throughout 
the year.





hop aboard and go backcountry flats fishing, shelling 
or photographing the beautiful waters of pine island sound, sanibel 
and captiva island and the rest of the lee island coast of southwest florida. 
the flats fishing is as good as it gets and your 
flats fishing guides are the best 
in the business. the shelling ranks third best in the world 
and our diversified estuary wildlife abounds. bring your 
family or group. you don't have to be a pro to enjoy our waters. 
our guides will teach you, your spouse, friends or your children the art 
and joy of fishing. each of us have children of our own and have had the 
pleasure and fun of teaching them how to fish.





 



click 
here for prices, times and what to bring











sea level 
family fishing charters,
guide service and ecotours
captain david l. ribeca 

(239) 549-8594



fishsealevel@comcast.net


www.fishsealevel.com  




midi music titles:
home page....."on green dolphin street"
about captain dave page....."paladium"
map of lee county page....."reelin' in the years"
hydrographic map page....."sailing"
game fish species page....."lullaby of bird land"
a few good knots page....."on blue bayou"

shelling saninbel island page...."i'm so excited" 
(plus more)
directions to cape harbour marina page....."take five"
rate information page....."take the a- train"
 






*web page designed and maintained by captain 
david l. ribeca


 



