















entertainment marketing and bookings














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






entertainment marketing and bookings



rds marketing - live latin music entertainment marketing and bookings all categories

















the message tour







“the message tour 2010″

featuring 4 legendary acts on the same stage

legendary rap/hip hop acts, furious 5, kurtis blow, the sugarhill gang and rob base have put together a memorable tour package that will get the party started with the rap/hip hop sound that started it all.

furious 5

the first ever rap group to be inducted into the rock & roll hall of fame!

the story of the furious 5 emcees is one of many firsts. these bronx natives were the first rap artists to win grammy awards, guest star with r&b artists (chaka khan with melle mel on “i feel for you” in 1984), first to inject social commentary into rap, with the genre changing “the message” in 1982, first to endorse a political candidate with the song “jesse” in 1984, first to be inducted into the rock & roll hall of fame and the list goes on. that’s just the commercial side, after rap was released on records. before rap was released on records they were the first to write full rhymes on the beat – unlike the nursery style that many djs were using at the time.

sugar hill gang – “rapper’s delight”

the sugarhill gang is known for introducing hiphop to the world with the first multi- platinum 12′ single ” rappers delight ” as well as other platinum singles : 8th wonder and apache !!!!

i said a hip hop the hippie the hippie to the hip hip hop, a you dont stop the rock it to the bang bang boogie say up jumped the boogie to the rhythm of the boogie, the beat now what you hear is not a test i’m rappin to the beat and me, the groove, and my friends are gonna try to move your feet see i am wonder mike and i like to say hello to the black, to the white, the red, and the brown, the purple and yellow but first i gotta bang bang the boogie to the boogie say up jump the boogie to the bang bang boogie let’s rock, you don’t stop rock the riddle that will make your body rock well so far you’ve heard my voice but i brought two friends along and next on the mike is my man hank come on, hank, sing that song

the sugarhill gang is an american hip hop group, known mostly for their biggest hit, “rapper’s delight”, the first hip hop single recorded to become a top 40 hit.

kurtis blow

one of the founders and creators of recorded rap, stands as an emerging leader in a new generation of rappers with street sense, social criticism, and commercial savvy, a timeless artist and hip hop legend, kurtis blow has been instrumental in raising up a generation of mcs, and he will soon carry the torch for hip hop music into new arenas. in 1979, at the age of twenty, kurtis blow became the first rapper to be signed by a major label. mercury released christmas rappin, and it sold over 400,000 copies and it became an annual classic. its gold followup the breaks helped ignite a still spreading international rap attack. he released 10 albums over 11 years —

rob base

best-known for his 1988 platinum hip hop classic “it takes two” rob base along with childhood friend dj ez rock rode their smash hit onto r&b radio stations as well as dance clubs around the world and provided a touchstone for the style known as hiphouse.

rob base is one of the most popular rap stars of all time and has fans all over the world. even though rob base has sold millions and millions of records, he is one of the most down to earth cats you will ever meet and that’s why his fans adore him so much.

you can hear this year’s oscar winner “sandra bullock” singing ” it takes two ” in the blockbuster movie “proposal”; as well as in the new “snoop dogg’s song “i wanna rock” !!!!

the message tour – featuring furious 5, kurtis blow, the sugarhill gang and rob base

for booking information visit:  the message tour web page




0
comments















labels:
hip hop













alabama blues brothers





http://www.rdsmarketing.com/tribute-band/alabama-blues-brothers










jamey and justin crisler as
“the blues brothers”

when the crisler brothers (jamey and justin), a.k.a. the alabama blues brothers, claim they’re the only blues brothers impersonators in the state and, to their knowledge, the only impersonators nationwide who are actual brothers, its hard to dispute it – especially when it’s said with a stem expression topped with night-black ray-bans.

unlike the characters musicians/actors john belushi and dan aykroyd made famous by the 1980 movie that sets the record for most cars wrecked in one film, the crislers never spent time behind bars. justin “elwood” crisler, 30, has a degree in criminal justice and performs the blues full time. jamey “jake” crisler, 37, is a nurse for a hospital in north alabama. once in their blues brothers outfits, all that changes.

jamey had an idea to show-off their look. he bought a 1976 dodge coronet from a junkyard, slapped on black-and-white paint to make it look like the movie’s worn police car, and convinced justin to join him on a visit to the hard rock cafe in nashville in 1998.

“we were just going to walk in and see what kind of reaction we’d get, just for fun,” jamey said. “the manager ran to the back, threw on ‘soul man,’ and announced that the blues brothers were there. next thing we know, we’re standing on top of the tables dancing to it. the place went wild.”
then, in courtland, where jamey lived, they entered the town’s christmas parade. this had no holiday ring to it, but after all, who could turn down two big guys in dark suits and sunglasses?

they practiced some moves by watching the movie and old episodes of “saturday night live” in which the musicians appeared, put together a sound system with backup tracks of blues brothers’ tunes, and printed some business cards in black-and-white.

“one venue would lead to two or three others,” jamey said. now the alabama blues brothers have performed to over 1600 audiences and have been reviewed as two of the most realistic blues brother impersonators in the nation.

where did all this showmanship spring from? justin was involved in theater and band in high school and jamey sang in church choir. that’s it. “the odd thing was we were both raised real conservative and had never done anything edgy, just straight down the road kind of guys,” jamey said. “this was a new kind of thing.”

dressed in their suits, the brothers do the same thing as their movie heroes, riding the streets, barking out about their show in shameless self-promotion. for larger shows, the brothers are able to book their six to eight piece band to accompany them. “in 2000 we hooked up with some great musicians and took the show to the next level, we were actually putting the band back together!” justin said.

riding in the back seat of the “bluesmobile,” surrounded by speakers and other sound equipment, staring at the silhouettes of the crislers is like watching one long extended scene from the movie. saxophonist jim beck said. on the road, he said he sometimes feels he’s experiencing things that might have ended up on the movie’s cutting-room floor.

jamey has the lead vocals and justin sings backing vocals while playing the harmonica. their show staples include “soul man,” “hey, bartender,” “jailhouse rock”, “give me some lovin” and “rawhide.” the alabama blues brothers have performed around the nation and even toured japan. some of their clients have included jeff cook of the group alabama, the united states army, the united states navy, beale st. in memphis, multiple corporate events from florida to washington, dc, and many festivals including the big spring jam in huntsville alabama, the blue hill fair in maine, fiesta mexicana in topeka kansas, and celebrate bonita in bonita springs florida.

they’ve also performed for fund-raisers including campaigns for the national world war ii memorial, american cancer society, american red cross and the children’s miracle network to name a few. “when we perform, it’s a clean act that all ages can enjoy.” justin says. saying that, while wearing the suits and dark sunglasses, you have to believe them.

live performance overview:

typical gig duration: 60 – 120 minutes

non-stop energy and lots of crowd interaction!
additional performance notes:

the brothers work with multiple sound/lighting company’s all over the world with easy requirements.
we are a tribute band, not a rock star who wants everything and anything you could offer…
we can work with your event to make the booking as easy as possible…
set/song/sequence list:

blues bro’s set-list
1.peter gunn theme opener
2.back at the chicken shack
3.everybody needs somebody c
4.hey bartender c
5.blue suede shoes a
6.jailhouse rock d
7.rawhide a
8.flip flop fly bb
9.gimme some lovin e
band song break
10.rubber biscuit f
11.midnight hour c
12.everything i need, almost e
13. flip flop and fly bb
14.soul man e
15.flag drawers c
16.fast (cant turn you loose)outro c
17. sweet home chicago – e
18. got my mojo workin – e

band songs
i feel good
my girl
folsom prison
superstitous
knock on wood
great balls of fire
hold on i’m comin
brown eyed girl
shaky ground
house is a rockin’
mustang sally
susie q
old time rock n’ roll
johnny b good
sweet home al.
let the good times roll
play that funky music
you really got me
hideaway
brick house
what i say
margaritaville

and many many more…
available for your:

* anniversary party
* awards night
* bachelor party
* bachelorette party
* bar or bat mitzvah party
* bar/lounge
* birthday party
* club/nightclub
* concert venue
* convention
* corporate function
* cruise
* dinner dance
* ethnic celebration
* festival
* fund raiser
* funeral service
* grand opening
* launch party
* other venue type
* private event
* prom or homecoming
* religious celebration
* restaurant
* sporting event
* studio session
* trade show
* wedding ceremony
* wedding reception

for booking information visit:  the alabama blues brothers web page




0
comments















labels:
blues,
tribute band













legendary classic motown tour









legendary classic motown tour is available for routing dates in your area. routing price and complete promotional kits are available with this package.

with original members known for their great songs, harmony sounds, and choreography through-out the decades that helped define “the sound of young america.” their shows are every bit as entertaining as it was in the sixties and seventies. reintroduce the legendary classic motortown revue tour, to a whole new generation of fans.

“your event will be a standing ovation show!”

the legendary classic motown tour featuring: the 'ultimate motown party band's known worldwide from the grammy hall of fame the “contours “featuring sylvester potts” and jr walkers allstarband.

2 - acts no set changes a 2-hour high energy show. that catapulted them to instant fame with its unmistakable soulful groove that shaped the backbone of the detroit “motown sound".

with such “hits” as “do you love me” “shotgun” “ first i look at the purse” “what dose it take to win your love” and many many more present to you, a spectacular two-hour live performances of unforgettable non-stop foot-stomping hits that guarantee everyone will be on their feet within minutes.

jr. walker’s "all star band"

harvey fuqua of motown hitsville, u.s.a owned a record label, anna records and harvey’s label’s artist johnny bristol, brought a band to harvey's attention: “jr. walker and the all stars” with tony washington on drums, autrey dewalt (aka) jr. walker on sax and vocals, victor thomas on keyboards and willie woods on guitar.

harvey fuqua signed the band to his label in 1963; he closed his label and harvey fuqua brought his artists including the band with him to motown records. they started recording in 1964. harvey became a songwriter and executive at motown.

the 90's sadly brought the untimely death of autrey dewalt (aka) jr. walker and willie woods. since then, victor thomas and tony washington have united with kenny walker on sax and acklee king on percussion.

throughout the 48 years of making music this band has worked side by side with harvey fuqua and in 2002 was inducted into the grammy hall of fame.

the 'ultimate motown party band' known worldwide as jr. walker's all star band will present to you, spectacular one-hour live performances of unforgettable non-stop foot-stomping hits that guarantee everyone will be on their feet within minutes.

“jr. walker’s  all star band” whose 1965 sax driven #1 hit “shotgun” catapulted them to instant fame with its unmistakable soulful groove that shaped the backbone of the detroit “motown sound".

jr. walker’s "all star band" is very much alive and coming your way ... soon. hear the motown sound played by the guys who lived it.

for booking information visit:  the legendary classic motown tour web page




0
comments















labels:
motown













hermanos herrera







hermanos herrera

hermanos herrera is a family group consisting of five herrera brothers and their younger sister. the group plays various styles of traditional mexican music such as son huasteco, son jarocho, and norteño. the group has played at various venues throughout the southwestern united states as well as mexico.

hermanos herrera captures with remarkable authenticity all of the musical styles that make up these traditional styles of mexican music. they play with remarkable composure and maturity far beyond their youthful age. they perform with an aggressive and energetic style that is passionate, exhilarating and refreshing. they remain truly authentic in their interpretation of these marvelous traditional musical genres.

the five brothers in the group jorge andrés, luis albino, miguel antonio, juan pablo, and josé marcelino are students at ucla, while rebeca isabel is a student at fillmore high school. the group has recorded four cds under the sonbros record label: sones huastecos con los hermanos herrera, de corazon huasteco, pasion huasteca, and cruzando al norte. forthcoming are two additional cd’s of norteño music and jarocho music.

hermanos herrera have performed on national television programs such as hola los angeles, buenos dias los angeles, despierta america, noticiero 52 telemundo, and latv: mex 2 the max. the have performed at venues such as the universal amphitheatre, john anson ford amphitheater, dorothy chandler pavilion, orange county and san josé performing arts centers. moreover, they have also performed internationally in xalapa, veracruz, mexico city, mexico, and amatlán, veracruz.

they have performed with the likes of linda ronstadt, los lobos, los rieleros del norte, josé feliciano, los camperos de valles, mariachi los camperos de nati cano, ozomatli, julieta venegas, and tlen-huicani. 



for booking information visit:  the hermanos herrera web page




0
comments















labels:
mexican regional










marilyn fernández







marilyn fernández

“me gusta  la pizza. me gusta pescar. adoro la música” asi es marilyn fernandez. es una joven sencilla, dulce, con muchos anhelos y llena de energia. sin embargo esta bella , feliz, talentosa  y  joven nacida en fresno, california   ha sido conocida por la gran video-audiencia  de  mtv en español y vh uno  internacional, también se ha presentado ante inmensas muchedumbres en  infinidad de conciertos  además de  presentaciones  con orquestas y shows de televisión.

marilyn fernandez está lista para el estrellato, ha grabado tres cds demostrando en esta su tercera producción  su madures artística y un dominio completo en el escenario.

su primer lanzamiento- “ la que perdió “  fue programado  por  más de 300 estaciones de radio, generando fuertes ventas y reconocimiento internacional. es hoy  y   el video de marilyn fernandez es uno de los más vistos en vh uno y mtv en español internacional.

marilyn fernandez  a tenido presentaciones  ante las multitudes   que visitan a las mundialmente famosas fiesta broadway y la fiesta de las americas en los angeles  california. ha cantado junto a   la sinfónica de beverly hills  celebrando la diversidad de las culturas latinas, ha compartido  escenario con estrellas  del canto como gloria trevi, lucero, pablo montero, alvaro torres  y más.

marilyn fernandez se siente completamente  en casa cuando canta en un escenario y  su audiencia  le corresponde de igual manera.” disfruto viajar y especialmente  compartir con esa gente maravillosa  de todo el mundo que viene a escucharme cantar.”

ella apoya a su comunidad, marilyn fernandez ha donado sus talentos  para recaudar fondos  para muchas  causas nobles,  incluyendo  una  causa con la participación del famoso actor edward james olmos para proveer arte y educación  para los estudiante de coalinga, california.

for booking information visit:  the marilyn fernandez web page




0
comments















labels:
latin pop













frank gomez - r&b







frank gomez

biography

big frank gomez takes it back. way back. the unsung austin, texas blues hero has been a working musician since childhood, when he was taken under wing of one sergeant venible, a gentle, black bluesman who taught him guitar. hitting his stride roughly 40 years later, he issues his first major solo album and offers advice gleaned from seinfeld.

“there was one show where he [seinfeld] said, "if you’re not a genius, surround yourself with geniuses.” and on his latest salvo, he delivers a straight-ahead dose of texas rhythm & blues laced with a healthy load of tex-mex funk & soul that includes guest turns by ruben ramos of the mexican revolution, texas tornados' augie meyers, los texmaniacs' and producer max baca, david farias of the famed la tropa f, and five-time grammy award-winning accordion maestro flaco jimenez. produced at blue cat studios, under the influence, as the record is aptly called, gives newcomers and old fans a pitch-perfect glimpse at a rollicking texas barnburner bluesman who has finally called in his chips and reunited with his musical brethren on both sides of the radio dial.

raised on military bases throughout the u.s. and europe, frank gomez and his younger siblings —encouraged by their father who bought them instruments and inspired by an uncle who played sax in the tejano orchestras of the big band era—built on the adage that a family who plays together, stays together.

having lived in austin during high school, the gomez family eventually made it back to central texas in the mid-’70s touring across the country to play in juke joints, bars and army base canteens, big frank also absorbed the music that surrounded him at home. “i always loved tejano,” he says. hooking up as an occasional sideman with the ramos clan, perhaps austin’s most notable tejano export, gomez also heard and admired the music of little joe y la familia, shorty & the corvettes and augustin “el guti” ramirez. falling under the influence of the music that was in his bones as deeply as were the blues and soul, he actively sought out tejano heavy-weights, among them jay perez, freddy fender, david lee garza and the late randy garibay, the artist he is most often compared to.

when his brothers retired from music in 1998, about five years after the death of their father, big frank continued to play. while he was in consistent demand as a guitar slinger, he was also busy composing. the album is a testament to the length and breadth of his career and his talent as a songwriter. featuring what has become his signature song, the bobby bland hit, “stormy monday,” under the influence also features six original songs, an augie meyers-penned tune called “hey sarita” and three covers. among the latter are the wilson pickett hit “don’t let the green grass fool ya” and “barranquillero,” a traditional cumbia sung by none other than the legendary ruben ramos. tejana sweetheart stefani montiel leaves her incomparable mark with background vocals on four of the album’s tracks.

although gomez is proud of the company that has joined him on his triumphant solo debut, he is also pleased that he was able to coax his brothers, joe and danny gomez, out of retirement for a guest appearance on the record as well. the album has the smooth consistency of a slow, mellow buzz, the drift of its horns, steel strings and solid bass lines like an aged brandy. compelling and playful at the same time, under the influence is a delicious blend of vintage legends and the edgy, as yet unseen energy emanating from the hollow body electric gibson 333 guitar big frank gomez lays into time after time.

still going strong, he admits that when his mother, now a proud cancer survivor, began radiation treatment, he shuttered his successful auto garage while he drove her to and from chemotherapy sessions. as a result, he began playing music again full-time. “in a way, i was lucky. i was forced into doing what i’d always wanted to do when i was young, play music,” he says. “i’m very proud of this record. and i look forward to going on the road behind it.”


for booking information visit:  the frank gomez web page




0
comments















labels:
blues













chris boss and the fuss









the fuss

instrumentation-

chris boss (lead vocals, lead guitar)
anthony aleman (bass guitar, vocals)
rex alan (guitar, vocals
robert edwards (percussion, vocals)

biography
the fuss was recently voted "group most deserving of a major recording contract" in a regional magazine". one listen to their brand new album ("one hot night" released june 06 on electro-sonic records) and you'll know exactly why.

the fuss is led by chris boss, a unique texas artist gushing with charisma and a passion for entertaining people with hooky, melodic tunes delivered in a spontaneous, energetic live show. add to that chris’ award winning guitar playing and a band of world class pros and you have a recipe for success!

chris got his start by entering local battle of the band, and guitar competions. winning almost everything he entered gave chris a underground buzz through the media coverage of the events without really having to work the bars like most of his peers. when chris finally decided to jump into the club scene, he made an immediate impact and before he knew it, he was playing 250 dates a year all over texas. chris boss- "we don't mind playing cover music at all, it gives us a platform to showcase our skills and our original music too! i think one thing that gave us an advantage when we first started was that we really try to involve the audience". says chris. "most bands were up there looking at their sneakers the whole time during their performance". when the fuss hits the stage, it is a show, an event, and the audience is always a big part of it!"

now, with the release of their debut album “one hot night” chris and the boys are ready to show the world what the fuss is all about.

chris has opened for artists such as kiss, steve vai and others.

he is referred to by critics as a "local phenom" -(jim beal music editor) san antonio express news, for his versatile guitar playing and dynamic presence.

chris is a regular winner of "the best of san antonio" readers poll in the san antonio current.

three time winner of the "san antonio guitar wars" competition.

"this is one of, if not the hottest unsigned rock acts in texas". 
-daniel becker "indie source magazine".

discography
their debut album the fuss "one hot night" is an 11 songs rollercoaster ride through the diverse, twisting tracks of chris boss' heart and soul.

co- produced by bryan scott of the union underground (columbia records)


for booking information visit:  the fuss web page




0
comments















labels:
rock










adassa







adassa

search the scores of record stores and neighborhood music chains for a female artist who embodies all the elements of today’s urban culture and your likely to find miami native adassa’s petite frame pictured on the front of her self-titled sophomore album. one of this year’s booming cultural magnets, adassa is the quintessential r&b songstress representing for the latina culture. the striking beauty’s curly brunette locks may get her extra attention in a crowd but its adassa’s vocal mixtures of english and spanish that push her ahead of other female forces in music. staking her claim on today’s urban movement, adassa combines hip-hop, dancehall, reggaeton, and r&b to captivate listeners with unabashed lyrics and incessant club pleasers. moving ahead of her latina counterparts, adassa is flourishing as the next female singing sensation to take the lead.

born to colombian parents and raised in st. croix, virgin islands, the songstress is a bilingual beauty who represents today’s multicultural generation. adassa’s first taste behind the mic was at the age of four when the young starlet sang hymns with her mother in church. once she realized her own smooth vocal abilities, adassa began experimenting with colorful vocal techniques and harmonies, creating a depth of range with her voice.

from her early years working in a singing group to her new sophomore release, adassa’s creativity while performing and songwriting speaks volumes to men and women alike. her sassy yet sweet persona appeals to the masses and her pro-female demeanor makes adassa a force to be reckoned with. gaining popularity for her 2005 sensual bilingual debut kamasutra, adassa is presently adding to her credits the highly anticipated sophomore album, adassa. signed to universal latino, adassa returns with a spicy mix of ballads and party anthems guaranteed to engage listeners of any age and color. adassa features guest appearances from wayne wonder, mach and daddy, lennox, rakim y ken-y, and ecco to name a few. an opinionated and sensual, yet lyrically flirtatious work, adassa includes 16 entirely bilingual tracks produced by heavy hitter don candiani.

in the last two years, adassa has toured throughout the united states, asia, spain, europe and the canary islands, performing over 80 live shows and doing over 100 tv and radio interviews within this last year. the songstress has had the opportunity to tour with daddy yankee, lil’ flip, pit bull, ivy queen, don omar, lil’ john, ciara, kevin little, vico c., aventura, baby rasta y gringo, wisin y yandell, sasha, zion y lennox, frankie j, nicky jam, angel & khriz, baby bash and juvenile. she has also worked with artists such as ciara and missy elliott on the don candiani reggaeton remix to “1, 2 step” and with pit bull on “kamasutra,” the single off her debut album. adassa proves her versatility over many genres, not only lyrically, but vocally as well. this charismatic superstar is on the rise and ready to claim her time in the spotlight.

for booking information visit:  adassa's web page




0
comments















labels:
latin hip hop













los gavilanes de la cumbia







los gavilanes de la cumbia

los gavilanes de la cumbia es una familia de musicos organizados por el sr. claudio guzman. el lleva mas de 20 anos en su carrera de ser musico y ahora a lado de su familia entregan en el escenario toda la energia y el sabor unico de la cumbia colombiana.


en el ano 2004 se lanzo el primer material de los gavilanes de la cumbia, cd titulado "llegaron los gavilanes" que se escucho en la radio y en clubs por toda la nacion. ahora en el 2007 se lanza lo mas nuevo de los gavilanes de la cumbia, cd titulado "a bailar...el ritmo de gavilanes". este es un disco con mucho ritmo y energia, ademas contiene el gran exito y sencillo "la pollera colora" con la participacion de un grande de la cumbia "la pura sabrosura" fito olivares.


los gavilanes de la cumbia an tenido el privilegio de compartir los esenarios con grandes musicos como "el tigere sabanero" aniceto molina, "el rebelde del accordion" celso pina, chicos de barrio, la sonora carrusel, el binomio de oro, los inquietos del vallenato, ramon ayala y muchos mas. y ahora con orgullo y placer se presentan a todo el mundo el ritmo y el sabor, los gavilanes de la cumbia.

for booking information visit: los gavilanes web page




0
comments















labels:
cumbia










older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






rds marketing  san antonio, tx





rds marketing


sales and marketing experience in the music business for over 35 years.  

visit my web site at: http://www.rdsmarketing.com.






rds marketing live music entertainment.  over 200 professional acts available for bookings

view my complete profile



artist



blues


christian


cumbia


hip hop


latin hip hop


latin pop


mexican regional


motown


rock


tejano


tribute band







 




visit our web site


rds marketing










