


wisin y yandel | pictures | los vaqueros ☼





















wisin y yandel






































































« home | new album los extraterrestres » | wisin y yandel awarded » | wisin y yandel new song "hey mami" » | wisin y yandel doing huge concert » | burn it up » | wisin y yandel pam pam » | wisin y yandel are working on a new album » | wisin y yandel video » | los vaqueros » | wisin y yandel #1 in radio stations » 


sunday, november 11, 2007 

new album los extraterrestres




the famous reggaeton artist wisin y yandel has lunched there new album "los extraterrestres". and with only a few days out, they have already sold thousands of copies, right now, they are one of a few artist who are maintaining reggaeton on top.i have heard the album and i must say that its one of the best they have made together, all the songs are hot. i would recommend this album to anyone who is a fan of reggaeton music. here is the music video of the song "sexy movimiento" a new song from the album los extraterrestres:

read more!



11:05 am  | permalink |  


tuesday, july 10, 2007 

wisin y yandel awarded




wisin y yandel, better known as "el duo de la historia", have been awarded with a disco de oro in sales. this award was given in venezuela.with more then 10 tracks being played right now in the radio, these two reggaeton artist have been converted into one of the best on the genre, with songs like "rakata" and "noche de sexo".wisin y yandel are going to be visiting venezuela on july 22 to present there upcoming concert.

read more!



10:37 pm  | permalink |  


tuesday, april 24, 2007 

wisin y yandel new song "hey mami"




hey guys, its been a while that i don't post here, but the reason is that i'm busy in doing some other projets and also, wisin y yandel have been hidden for a while. wisin y yandel have been working on some news song in there studio, some are still not out for the public, but one is and its called hey mami. they even made a new muic video of it. for those who still haven't seen it, here it is:what do you think?

read more!



2:17 pm  | permalink |  


saturday, march 17, 2007 

wisin y yandel doing huge concert




the famous duo wisin y yandel are doing 3 mayor concerts on there island puerto rico. with these 3 concerts, they are going to entertain more then 1 million people. this is going to be huge, and the tickets have already sold out a long time ago. these guys are just to famous, and they keep on growing in popularity as each day passes. they have told the press that this concert is going to be one of the best they have done. they also mentioned that there are going to be special guests appearing. from what i was told, don omar is going to appear and do a live performance. i hope this turns out to be a mayor success.

read more!



6:17 am  | permalink |  


wednesday, february 14, 2007 

burn it up




whats up guys. there hasn't been much news on wisin y yandel. they are working hard on there world wide tour. here is one of my favorite videos of wisin y yandel called burn it up. here is the video:video: burn it up

read more!



9:00 am  | permalink |  


monday, january 08, 2007 

wisin y yandel pam pam




wisin y yandel are getting ready to do another tour threw out the united states. they have already sold more then 2 million copies, it looks like daddy yankee now has some tuff competition. anyway, i wanted to share with you one of my favorite music videos of wisin y yandel, its called pam pam, i'm sure you have sen it already. :labels: pam pam

read more!



10:40 pm  | permalink |  


saturday, december 23, 2006 

wisin y yandel are working on a new album




this year was the best for the artist wisin y yandel. not only were they the second latino group  to sell most albums, but this was the year that they become millionaires.they are not stopping here, wisin y yandel said they are working on a new album expecting to come on august of 2007.the album is going to be called el dúo dinámico. this album is going to be one of the greatest  they have ever done. wisin mentioned they are going to have artist like shakira and black eyed peas in there album.there goal for there next album is to sell more then 2 million copies, so lets see how it goes for these great artist.labels: duo dinamico, wisin y yandel

read more!



7:14 pm  | permalink |  


sunday, december 03, 2006 

wisin y yandel video




whats up guys. well as you know, wisin y yandel didn't get to win the grammy they were hoping for, instead, the rapper calle 13 took the award. but wisin y yandel still have lots of opportunities to make more music and prove to everybody out there that they are great reggaeton artist. i'm hoping that next year they can at least win 1 grammy, they deserve it.anyway, here is a nice video of wisin y yandel. its a remix with artist like tego caldeon, daddy yankee, r kelly and others. 

read more!



5:06 pm  | permalink |  


wednesday, november 15, 2006 

los vaqueros




everybody who is a fan of wisin y yandel know that they lunched there new album "los vaqueros". this album is getting amazing sells and reviews. the experts say that this is the best album they have lunched in there career, and i agree. i really like this album. i really like the song "ya me canse" its a really nice song, but with that hot reggaeton rhythm. now wisin y yandel are going to do many concerts around the usa and parts of europe. these artist have gone a long way and they represent pure success.labels: album, concert, concierto, usa, vaqueros, wisin y yandel

read more!



5:38 pm  | permalink |  


saturday, october 28, 2006 

wisin y yandel #1 in radio stations




the duo reggaeton artist wisin y yandel hit position number 1 in the latin rhythm and tropical list in the billboard with the song pam pam. the duo artist are going to new york on november 2 for the latin grammys in the city of new york.changing the subject a little, wisin y ynadel are celebrating like never before because there album pal mundo is still in first place and has sold more then 700,000 copies. i would be celebrating too, if i were them.wisin y yandel are finishing  recording there next album called "los vaqueros" in which it's hitting stores november 7th.labels: album, artist, duo, wisin y yandel

read more!



7:07 pm  | permalink |  










wisin y yandel ringtone




last posts


new album los extraterrestreswisin y yandel awardedwisin y yandel new song "hey mami"wisin y yandel doing huge concertburn it upwisin y yandel pam pamwisin y yandel are working on a new albumwisin y yandel videolos vaqueroswisin y yandel #1 in radio stations




archives


march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
july 2007
november 2007


poll




who do you think is going to dominate reggaeton in the future.
daddy yankee
don omar
tego calderon
wisin y yandel
hector el father


  








links



wisin y yandel
daddy yankee
rihanna
starpulse
hgh
human growth hormone
weight loss
genf20
hgh growth hormone
hgh human growth hormone
penis enlargement
proactol
hoodia diet pill
best penis enlargement
hoodia
monavie








listed in










wisin y yandel pictures




www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing public photos from flickr tagged with wisin. make your own badge here.




subscribe to our blog by email
enter your email address:delivered by feedburner
subscribe to our blog






disclaimerall images are properties of their respective owners. if you have any questions, contact the webmaster at rakin18[at]yahoo.com








powered by blogger
		and blogger templates


















