




 bible truth web site 1996-2022 - sermons, articles on current christian subjects, bible studies, bible questions answered, baptist history, much more












 









presenting god's word on the       internet since         
        1996

you cannot serve god without serving others.






	                
"defending the king james bible" 




independent 
 fundamental baptist"thy 
 word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path" (psalm 119:105) cooper p abrams, iii, phd 













features on bible truth

         
      apologetics(articles on biblical subjects)
	  
           sermons
	  
           audio       
      sermons 
	       bible studies and       
      commentaries 
	       learn 
            to properly interpret the bible       expository 
            bible study        
            mormonism         
           frequently asked questions       baptist 
            history       defending 
      the king james       bible       charismatic/tongues 
            movement       useful links       
           find       
      independent baptist churches       need   
          for missionaries in inter-mountain west  
           about bible truth       
              about bible truth       
      author       my 
      call to the ministry             my 
            testimony       doctrinal 
            statement       my 
            position on kjb       send  
           me your comments       comments 
            from readers       
            independent baptist radio broadcasting christ







			living with dyslexiait can be overcome. my personal testimony.













contact pastor abrams  cpabrams3@gmail.com





 
place this link on your site.

 







disclaimer: this web site is solely owned, and operated by cooper p. 
      abrams, iii who alone is responsible for its content.
























do you have questions about articles on bible-truth.org?   all questions sent to bible-truth.org are confidential and e-mail addresses are never given to a third party. 
some questions and answers may be added to the faq page, but will be modified, if needed, to protect the identity or situation of the sender. 
	

	please present it briefly, clearly, respectfully, and scholarly and read the article carefully.
 







featured message 
the myth of committing sucide and that everyone is better off or in a better place when they die.
the suicide myth and the alternative - 
			there is an answer to all life's problems 













biblical principles for  interpreting god's word
learn how to let the bible interpret the bible  










 a guide for new believers in english, korean, and chinese








old paths publications 
			purchase dr. abrams' books              
other books by dr. abrams







         "watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be 
            strong. let all your things be done with charity." (1 corinthians 16:13-14)









will you go to heaven when you die? 
 click this line and read  how god says a 
            person can be saved and be assured they will go to             
            heaven when they die.for a multi-lingual presentation of  
            the gospel click here 







bible-truth.org does not endorse everything advertised here. 
      use discernment. 








expository bible study 
            course
lesson and sermon preparation 
            and principles of literal bible interpretation 
            
 learn how to study the bible and prepare expository lessons, bible studies, and       
            sermons.






online new converts             
            class
    if you are a new believer and want to learn how to live your life for the lord jesus christ these eight lessons for new converts will be a great help to you. god has 
            given the new christian very specific instructions as to how to live our lives for him and thereby live the very best life possible. if you have been saved and have never taken a new converts class these lessons will greatly benefit you. god bless you as your study his word
.







 




 

why are gospel missionaries needed in the inter-mountain area of the united      states?








here you will find links 
                  to a number of bible study helps. there are links to bible 
                  dictionaries, nave's topical bible, hitchcock's bible names    
                                 dictionary, torrey's topical textbook, and man 
                  more!






america was amply forewarned of a second term obama.  read the warnings   
                  here.



























 
            search bible truth for your topic 


 search bible truth








site disclaimer  
			all use of the bible-truth.org web site including all content and information provided on and through the website may be used solely under the terms and conditions of the  site disclaimer. please click the line to read. 
            








calvary baptist church, tremonton, utah830 w 1200 s - rocket roadtremonton, utah











featured articles







	is calvinism biblical?a biblical examination of calvinism and    
                     its teachings
the book has been completely revised      
                   as of  april, 2014click for adobe reader format (.pdf)              
            click here for article in ms word format       
                  (.doc)



       
                         calvinism and the 
            reformed movement teach that god in the past has decreed 
            that he would offer grace only to a few people whom he 
            has predistinated or elected to salvation.   furthermore 
            the calvinists teach that for most of the world, god 
            withholds his grace and will not allow them to be saved.             
            these are condemned by god's decree and born with no chance to be   
            saved and destined to spend eternity in the lake of fire. 
			       are these teachings          
            biblical?  this article will show that calvinism is not           
            biblical. 
			      learn 
	       what the bible says.





purchase here 










popular  articles




"understanding the biblical doctrine of the trinity"  - selected scriptures
                       
                    what the bible says about the 
            trinity  "click here for the trinity 
                        article in pdf 
          format"





"is the church age in the olivet 
            discourse?"  - matthew 24:3-25:46by cooper 
            abrams              
                  does matthew 24-25 include  
            christians in this the church age in the tribulation.               
             





"fatal flaws in the pre-wrath rapture view"
by cooper abrams phd        
			a clear presentation showing some of the many biblical mistakes of the false pre-wrath rapture 
            view  










testing the new international bible

 

    it has been said that the niv is the most readable and accurate bible on the market today and 
            that it is based on older and more reliable manuscripts than the 
            king james bible.    in regard to the above statements an 
            "acid test" is the only fair way to put the niv and the kjv  "to the 
            test" as one might say... so get out your niv, a pen and when you 
            have completed the test i encourage you to then take a kjv and see 
            the result...










