











institute for molecular virology – office of the vice chancellor for research – uw–madison



























 











skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









institute for molecular virology

office of the vice chancellor for research




menu
open menu


close





about
faculty & staff
courses
seminars & events
opportunities
women in virology
resources
give
 



madison virology program
intranet
 








 






molecular virology seminar series

thursdays, 12:10 pm
biochemical sciences auditorium, room 1211





values and culture

the institute for molecular virology is a place for everyone. we strive to create an environment that nurtures the growth and development of each individual, allowing them to express their true selves.





land acknowledgement

we recognize, support, and advocate for the sovereignty of the ho-chunk and the eleven other first nations of wisconsin.

 




were u wondering … how vaccines work?
ann palmenberg, professor emerit of biochemistry and molecular virology, explains how vaccines trick your immune system into thinking you’ve had an infection so you’ll be protected when a real virus comes along.

 
 
 
 




the mission of the university of wisconsin–madison institute for molecular virology is to reveal, through state of the art research, novel ways in which viruses replicate, evolve and cause disease, how viral infections can be prevented or treated, and to use viruses to understand fundamental concepts in biology and medicine. in conducting this mission, we simultaneously train the next generation of research virologists. our mission extends to communicating our results not only to other scientists, but also to government agencies, legislative bodies, and the general public. in this way, we seek to embody the wisconsin idea, so that our work influences and improves people’s lives throughout the state of wisconsin and beyond.

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact usinstitute for molecular virology
robert m. bock laboratories
1525 linden drive
madison, wi 53706
 map
map marker


email: nsherer@wisc.edu
 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: feedback@bocklabs.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.













