















clayton, nc | official website









 















skip to main content




















road renaming alert


	us 70 bus & nc 42 w renaming
	read on...












 










     





 
 
 


    government      departments      business & development      our community      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 





 












search







 
 
 












 














agendas & minutes








careers








utilities & payments










 
 














report a concern








downtown








permits & inspections










 
 
 

























 














news & announcements


stay up to date with clayton
 






  
 
 















us 70 bus & nc 42 w changing to clayton blvd & veterans pkwy 


effective february 10, 2025, several roadways in johnston county will receive new names as part of the ncdot's redesignation of us 70 to i-42. these changes include renaming nc 42 w to veterans parkway, and us 70 business to clayton boulevard.			additional info...







clayton police recognize impact school resource officers have on students & campus safety 


the clayton police department is recognizing the dedication and commitment of its school resource officers in honor of national school resource officer appreciation day. sros serve as mentors and role models who students can turn to in times of need.						read on...







celebrating art in clayton: a canvas of creativity and community 


creativity flourishes in the town of clayton where art isn’t just something to look at - it’s something that connects and inspires. from local galleries to public sculptures, art becomes an integral part of daily life, transforming spaces and sparking...						read on...







clayton invests in the next generation of workers 


as part of national apprenticeship week (february 10-16), the town of clayton is celebrating the value of hands-on training and welcoming nash ellis, the newest apprentice in the electric department.  according to electric system director...						read on...







usaf heritage brass to perform free concert february 27 


the clayton center is proud to present the usaf heritage of america band heritage brass ensemble in a free concert on thursday, february 27, at 6:30pm. please join us for an exciting evening of patriotic and popular music.						read on...







town of clayton names new economic development director 


the town of clayton has hired joseph stallings as its new economic development director. with more than a decade of experience in economic development and public administration, stallings brings a wealth of knowledge and expertise to clayton.						read on...







book lovers find their match at clayton library 


this valentine’s day, hocutt-ellington memorial library is adding a little mystery to the season of romance by offering blind date with a book, where readers can fall head over heels for a surprise read. this unique display invites readers to...						read on...







public art advisory board call to yarns 


call to yarns: the public art advisory board is thrilled to announce plans for another exciting community-focused knitting project and is seeking the active participation of our citizens!						read on...







meet us monthly - nicholas bishop 


it is the first monday of february, and that means it’s time for another meet us monthly feature. this month, we’re spotlighting firefighter nicholas bishop, who joined the clayton fire department just over a month ago. as a firefighter, bishop is...						read on...







fy26 budget prioritization survey 


we’re excited to launch the fy26 budget survey, and we need your input!
the annual budget is the foundation for town services, infrastructure, and public safety. your priorities help us make informed decisions that shape our future.			take the survey







carolina comfort air sign unveiled at east clayton community park 


a newly unveiled sign at east clayton community park celebrates the partnership between the town of clayton and carolina comfort air, highlighting the company’s role as the official sponsor and namesake of the park’s state-of-the-art turf fields.						read on...







discover the power of language with clayton library's conversational spanish class 


with increasing interest from the community, hocutt-ellington memorial library is once again offering its free conversational spanish class. led by jcc instructor dr. jennifer horvath, the class invites residents to explore the power of language.						read on...







snow way to be bored with clayton library resources 


seeing as the kids have been out of school more lately with the recent holiday and winter weather conditions, parents might be struggling to keep everyone busy. hocutt-ellington memorial library wants to be your go-to resource during these chilly days.						read on...







town of clayton offers memorable experiences with 2025 special events 


the town of clayton is excited to share its 2025 special events, a dynamic lineup that celebrates the unique character and energy of the community. with a range of activities planned, there’s something for everyone to enjoy throughout the year.						read on...







town of clayton honors its customer service champions 


in celebration of customer service day on friday, january 17, the town of clayton is acknowledging its customer service team for their hard work and dedication. the team consistently provides valuable support for all those who interact with town hall.						read on...







new little free library installed at clayton area ministries 


the public art advisory board has installed a new little free library at clayton area ministries. this double door cottage design is perfect for books of all sizes, including children's books, with a spacious interior that fits books up to 15 inches tall.						read on...







clayton team strengthens emergency response skills with eoc training 


during the week of january 13, around 40 town of clayton employees participated in emergency operations center (eoc) all-hazards event training at the johnston county emergency services public safety center.						read on...







clayton fire advances firefighter safety research 


the clayton fire department is partnering with the university of north carolina (unc) to improve firefighter safety and health, shaping better practices for fire services nationwide.						read on...







the comedy of jon reep "the carolina reeper" 


jon reep is a comedy powerhouse with a modern country twist who keeps fans coming back for more! "the carolina reeper" has won hearts and laughs everywhere, from packed comedy clubs to tv screens and blockbuster films. don't miss him on april 5.						read on...







sister hazel live on april 10 


experience the iconic sounds of sister hazel, the band behind the late-90s platinum hit "all for you" on thursday, april 10, at 8:00pm.						read on...







the beat goes on with cher tribute 


don’t miss the beat goes on: the cher tribute show, starring award-winning singer and actress lisa mcclowry as the legendary goddess of pop. experience cher’s greatest hits on may 2 at 8:00pm, performed live in this amazing tribute.						read on...







town of clayton helps residents weather arctic blast 


an arctic blast is bringing frigid conditions to the region, and the town of clayton is focused on supporting residents as they navigate this cold snap.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature - january 2025 


russell overly, a master firefighter with the clayton fire department, has been on the job for just a few weeks, getting settled and familiar with his new role						read on...







welcome back to school: drive safely, clayton! 


school is back in session on monday, january 6, and the clayton police department wants to remind everyone to stay safe on the roads.						read on...







achieve your 2025 resolutions with help from the town of clayton 


setting new year’s resolutions can be a tradition filled with promises, but it’s not always easy to stay on track.						read on...







johnston county property revaluation information 


johnston county is conducting a property revaluation, effective jan. 1, 2025, a process required by north carolina law at least once every eight years. the goal of revaluation is to ensure property taxes are fair and reflect current market values.			additional info...







page through town of clayton's top reads for 2024 


as we say goodbye to 2024, the town of clayton looks back at the books that captivated the attention of nearly 10,000 library cardholders over the past year.						read on...







clayton police serve holiday joy to those in need 


this holiday season, the clayton police department brought joy and hope to children, families, and seniors in need through its annual christmas with a cop program.						read on...







municipal park glows with festive cheer during merry municipal hot cocoa 


families and friends gathered at municipal park for merry municipal, enjoying free hot cocoa, dazzling lights, and a visit from santa claus.						read on...







holiday cheer takes center stage at the clayton christmas parade 


the clayton christmas parade lit up downtown this past saturday, december 14, as thousands of spectators lined main and second streets to celebrate the season.						read on...







clayton comes together to brighten holidays for western nc families 


thanks to the kindness of our residents and staff, this year’s holiday toy drive will make the holidays brighter for many children in western north carolina.						read on...







clayton's elf academy: crafting joy, one helper at a time 


santa has new recruits who are ready to celebrate the holiday season. the town of clayton’s 2024 elf academy, hosted by the parks and recreation department, brings the enchantment of the north pole right here – just a sleigh ride away.						read on...







clayton library crafts comfort with 100+ handmade donations 


hocutt-ellington memorial library’s knit night attendees are gifting more than 100 handmade knitted and crocheted hats, scarves, and gloves to harbor shelter in smithfield.						read on...







downtown clayton sparkles at the 34th annual christmas village and tree lighting 


the town of clayton kicks off the holiday season with festive cheer and community spirit at the 34th annual downtown clayton christmas village and tree lighting.						read on...







clayton police warn of holiday delivery risks 


as the holiday season approaches, the clayton police department is reminding residents to protect their packages and personal information.						read on...







deck the halls safely with tips from the clayton fire department 


during the holiday season, home fires more than double with trees, decorations, and other seasonal items causing the most danger, according to the national fire protection association.						read on...







ann austin named 2024 christmas spirit award winner 


the downtown clayton christmas committee is proud to announce ann austin, affectionately known as "ms. ann," as the recipient of the 2024 christmas spirit award.						read on...







small business saturday celebrates downtown clayton's local charm 


small business saturday is just around the corner, providing a fantastic opportunity to explore downtown clayton.						read on...







getting wrapped up in the holiday spirit at clayton library 


the holiday season is upon us, and hocutt-ellington memorial library is ready to make gift wrapping as fun as the presents themselves.						read on...







the british invaders take the stage in february 


the british are coming! get ready to relive the magic of the sixties as the british invaders band takes the stage at the clayton center on saturday, february 22, at 8:00 pm. tickets go on sale monday, november 25, at noon.						read on...







town of clayton hires new engineering director 


the town of clayton has named donald perry, pe, as its new engineering director. perry brings an extensive background in civil engineering and leadership, with more than 25 years of experience in managing complex infrastructure projects and teams.						read on...







feast without the flames: clayton fire department's thanksgiving safety tips 


thanksgiving is a time for family, food, and festive traditions - but fires aren’t on the menu, even as fire departments across the country stay busy with extra holiday cooking.						read on...







celebrate a season of free holiday fun in clayton 


the town of clayton shines with holiday magic this season, offering free, family-friendly events that bring residents, their families, neighbors, and visitors together to celebrate the festive spirit.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature - december 2024 


firefighter dustin adkins is approaching his one-year anniversary with the clayton fire department, having joined in january 2024.						read on...







clayton's toy drive hopes to brighten western nc holidays 


the town of clayton’s wellness committee is launching a holiday toy drive to support western north carolina families impacted by hurricane helene.						read on...







meet the stormwater expert safeguarding clayton’s waterways 


as national stormwater day approaches on saturday, nov. 16, the town of clayton is shining a spotlight on andrew lyons, its new stormwater engineer. with a background in environmental engineering, lyons plays a vital role in safeguarding our waterways.						read on...







clayton fire department expands team with new community risk reduction specialist 


the clayton fire department is introducing a new community risk reduction specialist position, with captain bryan belvin, a longtime member of the department, transitioning into this position to focus on fire safety and hazard reduction in the town.						read on...







clayton library helps kids send letters straight to the north pole 


as the season of giving approaches, hocutt-ellington memorial library is kicking off the beloved tradition of letters to santa.						read on...







melissa poole to lead new chapter of clayton library 


the town of clayton has hired melissa poole as the new library manager of hocutt-ellington memorial library.						read on...







time to check your smoke detectors 


as we set our clocks back one hour at 2 a.m., sunday, november 3, to end daylight saving time, the clayton fire department has a friendly reminder: this is a perfect time to check your smoke detectors.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature - november 2024 


joel shanks, previously an engineer with the clayton fire department, was recently promoted from interim captain to captain.						read on...







costumes and candy fill downtown clayton 


halloween was a blast in downtown clayton where little ghouls and goblins came out to celebrate!						read on...







spooky stories and treats haunt clayton library 


families gathered at the hocutt-ellington memorial library for all hallows read: an evening of spooky stories.						read on...







the clayton friends of the library host fall book sale 


it’s a chance to harvest some great steals and rare finds while adding to your book, music, and movie collections.						read on...







celebrate the season: nominate your holiday champion 


the town of clayton is seeking nominations for the 2024 christmas spirit award.						read on...







veterans recognition ceremony set for nov. 4 


american hero army staff sergeant charles eggleston will be the guest speaker at this year's veterans recognition ceremony. he joined the army in 1992 and during his third deployment was critically injured by an ied that required more than 70 surgeries.			






clayton's trick-or-treat main street offers spooktacular fun 


there will be plenty of little ghouls and goblins walking around downtown clayton on halloween.						read on...







clayton fire department “fires up” staffing with safer grant 


the clayton fire department is expanding its team by adding six new firefighters, thanks to a staffing for adequate fire and emergency response (safer) grant.						read on...







town of clayton wins 2024 excellence in economic development award 


navigate through downtown clayton with our award-winning interactive map.						read on...







“not-so” teen citizens academy flashes new light on law enforcement 


the clayton police department is connecting with the community by inviting residents to learn about police work						read on...







celebrate st. patrick's day with the derina harvey band 


get ready for a high-energy, celtic-rock extravaganza with the derina harvey band! this dynamic group brings vibrant storytelling, powerful vocals and a blend of harmonies that's the perfect kickoff for st. patrick's day weekend.						read on...







rockin' fall adventures: experience reading in nature 


hocutt-ellington memorial library is excited to feature a new book as part of its storywalk® at east clayton community park.						read on...







accepting applications for open advisory board positions 


want to make a difference in the community? join one of our advisory boards. we’re currently accepting applications for open positions, which begin january 1, 2025, and come with three-year terms.			learn more...







clayton police collecting items for western nc 


in response to the devastating impacts of hurricane helene in western nc, the town of clayton and the clayton police department are partnering with other johnston county agencies to host a donation drive through friday to support our neighbors in need.						read on...







clayton visual arts announces capturing clayton 2024 contest winner 


as part of national arts and humanities month, celebrated throughout october, clayton visual arts (cva) proudly announces al white as the first-place winner of capturing clayton 2024, its biannual photography contest.						read on...







clayton library cooks up excitement with new cooking programs 


hocutt-ellington memorial library is looking to expand its offerings by introducing more programs centered around cooking. staff notice a growing interest from the community and are actively exploring ways to meet that demand.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature - october 2024 


firefighter rena smith-seitz has eight years of experience as an emergency responder, spending the last four with the clayton fire department.						read on...







clayton welcomes new deputy town manager 


the town of clayton welcomes courtney tanner as the newest addition to its leadership team, where she will serve as deputy town manager. tanner brings more than 20 years of experience in municipal planning, budgeting, & community development to the role.						read on...







hocutt-ellington memorial library "boo-sts" its collection with halloween costumes 


hocutt-ellington memorial library is expanding its collection in an unexpected way.						read on...







clayton fire department welcomes new deputy chief of operations 


the clayton fire department has selected chad stephenson as its new deputy fire chief of operations. following a national selection process that attracted 25 candidates, stephenson emerged as the top choice, bringing more than 16 years of experience.						read on...







clayton public power earns second fastest power restoration time in state 


the town of clayton's electric department has been recognized for having the second fastest power restoration time in the state, a remarkable achievement for a team of 12 individuals serving nearly 10,000 customers.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature: september 2024 


battalion chief andrew shaw is just shy of observing his 20-year anniversary with the clayton fire department.						read on...







kids in america in town square sept. 6 


a totally 1980s experience takes over town square on friday, september 6, when kids in america takes the stage for the final downtown concert of the season. plan to spend this evening in downtown clayton with the shopping and dining we all love.						read on...







town of clayton supplies back-to-school resources & safety tips 


as students and parents close the books on the first day of school, the town of clayton has some grade-a tips to keep everyone on track and ensure a smooth transition into the new academic year.						read on...







hocutt-ellington memorial library marks a successful chapter in 2024 summer reading challenge 


hocutt-ellington memorial library is closing the book on its 2024 summer reading challenge, which ran from june 15 through july 31, and staff are thrilled to celebrate with everyone who made this summer a real page-turner.						read on...







hometown favorite headlines next downtown clayton concert 


get ready to tune into the harmonious magic of a clayton native who’s hitting all the right notes.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature: august 2024 


engineer brian ruksznis is a fixture within the clayton fire department, having had a part-time position since 2007 and then becoming a full-time employee in 2014.						read on...







pencil in to help clayton police support local students 


as the 2024-2025 academic school year approaches, the clayton police department is committed to erasing barriers and ensuring local students have all the "write" stuff for their first day.						read on...







nc governor makes stop in clayton for water reclamation facility tour 


the town of clayton was proud to host north carolina governor roy cooper at the sam's branch water reclamation facility construction site on thursday, august 1.						read on...







$3.7 million project to ease congestion at busy clayton intersection 


the town of clayton’s busiest intersection of shotwell road and u.s. 70 business (bus) will soon see major improvements that will considerably ease traffic congestion.						read on...







clayton police department celebrates 2024 teen academy graduates 


the clayton police department is proud to announce the graduation of its 2024 teen academy class, where young recruits traded in their summer plans for a badge of honor.						read on...







clayton parks and recreation hosts popsicles in the park celebration 


on july 30, clayton parks and recreation celebrated national parks and recreation month with a fantastic event at municipal park.						read on...







celebrating the town's summer interns on national intern day 


the town of clayton is proud to recognize its dedicated summer interns in celebration of national intern day on july 25.						read on...







kids can launch into learning with new tablets at clayton library 


there are new innovative tools available in the town of clayton to help kids improve early literacy skills and promote learning year-round.						read on...







clayton clovers recognize top summer reading challenge stars 


as we reflect on the amazing accomplishments of this summer’s hocutt-ellington memorial library summer reading challenge, we’re thrilled to celebrate our top readers!						read on...







clayton fire department names new fire marshal 


the town of clayton is excited to announce the hiring of michael tatum as the new fire marshal. tatum brings over 14 years of extensive experience in fire code enforcement, planning, emergency management, and investigations.						read on...







battle of the badges recap: clayton fire vs. police 


bragging rights were on the line as the clayton fire department competed against the clayton police department in the battle of the badges.						read on...







downtown clayton social district launches july 11 


something special is brewing in the heart of downtown clayton. starting at 10 a.m., thursday, july 11, the town’s new social district goes live.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature: july 2024 


please join us in congratulating fire captain kyle driver on a decade of service with the clayton fire department.						read on...






town of clayton fy25 budget 


the town council unanimously adopted the fy25 budget on may 20, 2024. included in the budget is an updated comprehensive list of fees and charges . this has been a collaborative effort, and we appreciate the involvement from our residents in this process.			learn more...







clayton firefighter receives scholarship award 


the nc state firefighters' association presented firefighter andrew (drew) carver with an $8,000 scholarship award.						read on...







celebrate independence day with the town of clayton 


the town of clayton is uniting two beloved occasions into one big holiday celebration.						read on...







clayton police department’s k9 ravka has received donation of body armor 


clayton police department, nc, k9 ravka has received a bullet and stab protective vest thanks to a charitable donation from non-profit organization vested interest in k9s, inc.						read on...







clayton's library aims to combat summer learning loss 


“combatting learning loss during summer months is critical,” said children’s librarian grace davis. “the long break over the summer can result in backsliding academically...”						read on...







public open house meeting planned for clayton comprehensive transportation plan 


join us for a public open house meeting on the clayton comprehensive transportation plan (clayton on the move) from 4 - 7 p.m., tuesday, june 18 in the clayton town hall lobby (111 east second street).						read on...







clayton operations staff dedicate flags to cherished colleagues 


the town of clayton operations staff have sponsored three flags for heroes in honor of three of their former colleagues: donnie baker, byron poelman, and william “bill” simpson.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature - june 2024 


fire captain royce “mitch” boyette is nearing 20 years of service with the clayton fire department.						read on...







discover free family fun in clayton this summer 


as the unofficial start to summer kicks off, the town of clayton is sharing an array of activities that boast free family fun.						read on...







deputy fire chief retires after 30 years 


the community gathered at the clayton fire department to celebrate tony atkinson’s 30-year career and wish him well as he starts a new life chapter. hired on june 1, 1994, atkinson was the department's first full-time employee.						read on...







town of clayton names new water resources director 


the town of clayton has hired joshua baird as its new water resources director.						read on...







water resources department recognized by ncrwa 


the town of clayton is thrilled to announce that our water resources department was recognized at the 2024 north carolina rural water association (ncrwa) annual conference and exhibition.						read on...







new reading challenge proposes 1,000 books before kindergarten to local families 


hocutt-ellington memorial library is issuing a new reading challenge to families of budding bookworms.						read on...







johnston county flags for heroes celebrates 5th anniversary 


johnston county flags for heroes 2024 is returning for its 5th annual event to honor individuals in our community who have been inspirational or impactful.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature - may 2024 


battalion chief mark morris is a veteran of the clayton fire department and honored to say he has spent his entire career here.						read on...







dollar general donation contributes to new library initiatives in clayton 


hocutt-ellington memorial library is expanding its reach in the town of clayton, thanks to a $15,000 donation made by dollar general to the friends of the library.						read on...







town of clayton names new building inspections director 


the town of clayton has hired barry alston as its new building inspections director, and this announcement falls on the first day of may, which aligns with the start of building safety month.						read on...







apply for internship opportunities with the town of clayton 


national internship awareness month takes place each april, stressing the importance of internships in providing meaningful experience and boosting professional development.						read on...







johnston county senior games plays up vast features at clayton’s parks 


“if i could throw a ball, i was participating.” competition often sparks a drive within us. 71-year-old robert long can relate. he has been competing in countless sports since the third grade.						read on...







clayton parks and recreation announces partnership with carolina comfort air 


the town of clayton’s parks and recreation department has announced an exciting new partnership with carolina comfort air, a leading name in heating, cooling, and indoor air quality solutions.						read on...







modern trailblazing women leave mark on clayton's history 


hocutt-ellington memorial library collaborated with the clayton historical association to feature the past, current, and future achievements of leading ladies from the town of clayton.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature - april 2024 


we want to introduce you to interim engineer justin allen, who recently celebrated his two-year anniversary with the clayton fire department.						read on...







renovations underway for premiere recreational experience in clayton 


in an exciting development for the residents of clayton, the town’s parks and recreation community center and the adjacent community park are set to undergo a transformative upgrade.						read on...







clayton's old town hall getting modern twist 


a monumental revitalization effort is underway to breathe new life into a century-old structure, previously serving as the town hall.  "the station," is an ambitious project that aims to transform the building into a vibrant mixed-use space.						read on...







american legion names police officer of the year and firefighter of the year 


the town of clayton is thrilled to recognize sergeant timothy marquis and fire captain bryan belvin for being honored with the american legion post 71 police officer of the year and firefighter of the year.						read on...







clayton’s fire department extends free installation of rapid access system for town homeowners 


the clayton fire department is partnering with the knox® company to unlock information about a valuable resource and its lasting impact on lives and property in critical moments when seconds matter.						read on...







town of clayton procurement professional attends nc purchasing conference 


in celebration of national procurement month, we would like to recognize shaun mizell, procurement, contracts and mwbe manager from the town of clayton!						read on...







proof of id: get (library) carded at clayton brewery 


different kinds of identification cards are distilling at deep river brewing company. hocutt-ellington memorial library partnered with the local business to host “get (library) carded” from 5 – 8 p.m., thursday, march 7.						read on...







clayton police department’s k9 ravka to get donation of body armor 


clayton police department’s k9 ravka will receive a bullet and stab protective vest thanks to a charitable donation from non-profit organization vested interest in k9s, inc.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature - march 2024 


it is the first monday of march, which means we are recognizing another valued member of our team during #meetusmonthly.						read on...







clayton earth day clean up 


join us for the clayton earth day clean up in collaboration with friends of johnston county parks!			additional info...







clayton town administrator receives national fire service accolade 


deputy town manager lee barbee has been named a recipient of the international association of fire chiefs’ (iafc) life membership.						read on...







fy25 budget survey 


your voice matters! we are excited to launch the fy25 budget survey, and we want you to play a crucial role in shaping the future of our town.			additional info...







meet us monthly: michael duffy 


it is the first monday of february, which means we are recognizing another valued member of our team during #meetusmonthly.						read on...







the town of clayton announces 2024 special events. 


clayton annually hosts a variety of events throughout the year, including outdoor concerts, street festivals, and numerous holiday celebrations.						read on...







local runners take steps to protect clayton police k9 


the clayton police department has an additional safeguard for one of its officers, thanks to the generosity of a local club. clayton area runners presented a k9 ballistic vest to master officer stephen carter and k9 officer tim.						read on...







clayton fire department's meet us monthly feature - january 2024 


happy new year! starting off our first #meetusmonthy in 2024 is interim fire captain jordan craven.						read on...







page through town of clayton's top reads for 2023 


as we say goodbye to 2023, the town of clayton looks back at trending titles among our nearly 10,000 library cardholders over the last year.						read on...







clayton’s art scene is the “best kept secret” 


clayton visual arts is illustrating a new concept. “you don’t think of clayton and arts, and that’s something we want to change,” says val taylor, the organization’s vice president.						read on...







clayton’s library is stepping up its game 


hocutt-ellington memorial library is moving some new pieces into its collection. more than 30 board games are available for cardholders to choose from, check out, and take home.						read on...







meet clayton's new public works director 


the town of clayton has named tim robbins as its new public works director.						read on...







the town of clayton recognizes newly elected council members 


the town of clayton recognizes two newly elected council members and one returning leader. a swearing-in ceremony took place during the regular town council meeting on dec. 4th.						read on...







2023 christmas spirit award recipients provide community support during time of need 


congratulations to jarret and jennifer hamilton! the couple are the recipients of the 2023 christmas spirit award, receiving recognition during the 33rd annual downtown clayton christmas village and tree lighting on thursday, november 30.						read on...







clayton welcomes conrad olmedo as new planning director 


the town of clayton has hired conrad olmedo as its new planning director.						read on...







connect with clayton newsletter 


connect with clayton is the quarterly newsletter included with town utility bills. these newsletters contain key updates on crucial projects, community events, and other exciting news that is shaping the town's future.			read this edition...







clayton library unveils storywalk® at east clayton community park 


hocutt-ellington memorial library is delighted to announce the opening of the storywalk® at east clayton community park. this literary experience is a testament to the magic that happens when the worlds of literature and nature come together.						read on...







renovations elevate fire station 2 operations to full-time capacity 


the town of clayton has completed renovations to fire station 2 that will now allow full-time operations to transpire more efficiently.						read on...







town of clayton names new fire chief 


the town of clayton has hired chief david ranes to serve as the next leader of the clayton fire department.						read on...







customer water service line assessment & report 


the town must identify the materials used in all the customer service lines in the water supply system before oct. 16, 2024. learn how you can help by performing a self-assessment and reporting your findings.			additional info...







local senior games receive $25k woodmenlife donation 


senior games in clayton and other portions of johnston county will soon be expanding thanks to a generous $25,000 donation from woodmenlife.						read on...







mayor jody mcleod designs local leadership 


with a focus on balance and all parts working together, mayor jody mcleod has leveraged a unique skillset to take clayton to the next level. - article by nc league of municipalities			additional info...







clayton's first highschool intern opens door for future generations 


collaboration between the town of clayton and the north carolina department of public instruction has generated a unique internship opportunity for local high school student, brayden lawhorn.						read on...







langston named director of the clayton center 


steven langston, an essential leader of the clayton center and cultural arts department for 19 years, has recently been selected as the cultural arts director for the town of clayton.						read on...







regional skills analysis 


clayton is joining a region-wide effort and reaching out to local businesses and industry partners in johnston county to complete a workforce survey. the goal is to gather 130 survey responses.			additional info...







national intern day 2023 


internships are a great way for students and recent graduates to gain real-world experience and explore potential career paths. the town of clayton is proud of its intern program and is thrilled to celebrate our summer interns.						read on...







important information for  town of clayton north water customers 


on july 24, 2023, johnston county will convert the water distribution system that serves your area from johnston east to johnston west.						read on...







annual pavement resurfacing program in the town of clayton 


the town of clayton maintains its streets through an annual pavement resurfacing and preservation program. beginning on monday, july 17, the project will include repaving 5.26 miles of asphalt streets, installing new crosswalks, and replacing ada ramps.						read on...







national parks and recreation month 


did you know that july is national parks and recreation month?  

in celebration of clayton's parks, community center, and miles of greenways here are 5 things you can do this summer thanks to clayton's parks and recreation facilities!						read on...







town of clayton to digitize with clariti community development 


clariti is excited to welcome the town of clayton, north carolina, to its rapidly growing customer base. the town has selected clariti’s community development software to digitize its permitting, inspections and code enforcement processes.			additional info...







flags for heroes: clayton operations center honors memory of late friend 


the town of clayton operations center has sponsored a flags for heroes flag in honor of the late donnie sherrill baker, who passed away from complications due to covid-19 in 2021.						read on...







clayton utility tracker 


the town of clayton is proud to offer its customers a powerful tool to keep track of their utility usage in real-time. activate your tracker and learn more about this tool!			additional info...







clayton artist captures first place ribbon 


local artist, val taylor, has won first place in this year's clayton visual arts paint the town competition. the winning piece, titled clayton painter, is now on display at town hall.						read on...







24th annual ncames lineman's rodeo 


the clayton electric department was excited to take part in the 24th annual ncames lineman's rodeo, which was held at the greenville convention center from may 16-18.						read on...







lumos to invest over $50 million for 100% fiber optic internet expansion in johnston & harnett co. 


lumos’ investment will build nearly 600 miles of 100% fiber optic technology across the two counties, empowering residents with an ultra-fast network.						read on...







clayton improves efficiency and reduces costs with heavy truck lift 


the town of clayton has recently invested in a new heavy truck lift that has resulted in significant productivity and efficiency gains, as well as substantial financial savings.						read on...







municipal park groundbreaking 


clayton residents will soon see the beginning stages of construction on the new municipal park in downtown clayton.						read on...







clayton police help businesses create emergency action plans 


officer johnson offers free security audits and active assailant training to local businesses and church groups. programs are tailored to fit a group’s specific needs, strengths, and weaknesses.						read on...







clayton high partners with town on new artificial turf field 


the town of clayton and clayton high school celebrated the completion of a new artificial turf field at a home varsity football game on sept. 17.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





 














upcoming events


mark your calendars
 






  
 
 











feb
17	


baby open play | drop in 10 & 11am
			10 & 11am baby open play is an unstaffed program for play and socializing. bond with your little...		



town council regular meeting - feb 17 2025
			https://townofclaytonnc.civicweb.net/filepro/documents/323203?handle=2399a18bfe2b4dc19290d43777b04e1...		






feb
18	


toddler open play | drop in 10&11am
			toddler open play is an unstaffed program for play and socializing. bond with your little one and ne...		



public art advisory board  - feb 18 2025
			https://townofclaytonnc.civicweb.net/filepro/documents/323143?handle=791a644cdad3400a86abf0e77c228b8...		



teen craft makers
			teens, get your craft on! work on a new craft project each month.		



clayton dda awards evening 2025







feb
19	


town council retreat day 1




preschool open play | drop in 10 & 11am
			10 & 11am drop-in preschool open play is an unstaffed program for play and socializing. bond wit...		



board of adjustment - feb 19 2025
			https://townofclaytonnc.civicweb.net/filepro/documents/322905?handle=8b2671d38fc04e02af1bafa9df591c6...		






feb
20	


town council retreat day 2







feb
22	


the british invaders - live in concert





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 








 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







mailing address:po box 879clayton, nc 27528 town hall:111 east second streetclayton nc 27520 contact directory
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







code of ordinances



save money & conserve energy



library



animal control



garbage, recycling, leaves & limbs









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







helpful links







home



ada compliance



contact us



copyright notices



privacy policy



site map



staff sharepoint









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









