











home - jackson academy



























































































 
ja-logo jackson academy  



about ja

missionlearn about ja’s philosophy for meeting the needs of each student.
support jainvest in future generations by supporting a school with a strong mission.
head of schoolget to know jackson academy’s head of school.
board of trusteesmeet the leaders who provide a strong foundation for one of the region’s leading independent schools.
marketing & communicationconnect with ja’s marcom team for brand usage, publications, social media, and media requests.
visitor informationexperience the ja we know and love by attending events.
faculty directoryfind names, titles, and emails of faculty and staff.
ja communitybringing families and friends throughout the state together for events, activities, and a great education.


academics

preschoollearn how k2, k3, and k4 offer our youngest learners a superior start, sparking a lifelong love of learning.
lower schoollook at how k5 through fifth grades cultivate creativity, character, and exploration.
middle schoolsee how sixth through eighth grades meet students right where they are.
upper schoolfind out how upper grades prepare students for higher education and beyond.
technologysee how ja blends technology with teaching through ilearn.
librariesunderstand how state-of-the-art libraries and resources fuel learning.
academic success centerlearn how instructional support provided by specialists undergirds study at ja.
perspectives in educationread about ja faculty’s investment in character-building.


admissions

discover jasee for yourself what makes jackson academy a special place for your child.
admission eventsvisit our campus for a first-hand look at a typical day of a k2-twelfth grade ja student.
admission processlearn how jackson academy evaluates and screens each applicant.
apply for admissionstart the application process in becoming a jackson academy student.
tuitionlearn more about yearly tuition, multi-child discounts, fees, and more.
tuition assistancelearn how to apply and secure financial aid for your student.


student life

after school programlearn about ja after-school offerings, including holiday coverage.
cafeteria visit ja’s dining website to view menu options.
faith in actionsee how ja nurtures mind, body, and soul in chapel, outdoor experiences, and volunteering.
﻿honor codehear how we strive toward personal honor and integrity in all dimensions of school life.
outdoor learning experiencesexplore the challenging adventures offered through ja’s soar outdoor program.
school calendarkeep up with ja happenings through interactive and major event calendars.
student honoraries & clubsget a look at students’ options to express talents and explore interests.
uniformsreview ja’s uniform guidelines and ordering options.


arts & music

bandcheck out opportunities in our marching band, color guard, concert band, and more.
choral musictake a look at the ways ja students hone their musical talents through participation in award-winning show choirs.
communication artsfind out how each student’s voice matters, whether through class presentations or hands-on learning experiences.
performing arts centerwatch students in action at ja’s 30,000 square foot pac, with an 800-seat performance hall and blackbox theatre.
theatresee how talented performers, technicians, and designers collaborate to bring stories to life onstage.
visual artsallow ja students to impact your perspective through their artistic interpretations of the world.


athletics

goraiders.org official athletic website for the jackson academy raiders.
raidernetwork.org broadcasts live and ondemand events for jackson academy, mais, and other local, regional, and national organizations.





apply
 
search
close
toggle search


menu
close
show menu




search
search for:


search




popular searches:
discover ja
tuition 24-25
give now
uniforms
after school program
 

type above to search ja...



 


 







at jackson academy, our students achieve beyond what they imagined was possible.

by combining top-level academics and all-around character development, we shape well-rounded people with bright minds and good hearts.
whether students need more challenge or more academic support—or both—we give them the guidance and resources to reach their greatest potential.
they learn that when you really put your heart into it, you can soar.


read more about ja’s mission ▸



















at ja, you can.
when students believe in themselves, what we do together is always greater. ja stays ahead of the curve so that each student is equipped for the future. your child’s success is our everyday endeavor as we inspire them to lead a life of purpose and significance.
all for one
upper school students mentor kindergartners, and our crossing guard welcomes families walking their children to school from the surrounding sheffield neighborhood.
in our classrooms, each teacher’s expertise becomes your child’s opportunity, and each child’s unique gifts become a path to purpose.
our community celebrates every student, cheering them on to a life grounded in character, compelled by curiosity, and inspired to achieve more every step of the way.

check out our admission events ▸










jackson academy has been one of the greatest blessings in our life. during our initial tour of campus, we both had a peace about the school and the sweet atmosphere. even though neither of us are originally from the jackson area, as soon as our son started k3, we immediately felt welcomed into this community.

doctors josh and laurie fleming
ja parents









ja athletic programs
jackson academy’s highly competitive and successful athletic programs teach valuable life lessons and develop sportsmanship, camaraderie, and physical fitness.

learn more at goraiders.org ▸











 
ja named to ap® school honor roll  




accredited by advanced, msasc, sais, mais 



 
cheer and dance squads excel in the 2024 mais spirit competition  






scholarship offers totaling nearly $10 million 



 
ja named best private school fourth year running  




 
soar outdoors develops character  










take the next step



              schedule your campus tour 
              






              contact jackson academy 
              












campus events





school calendars

keep up with ja happenings through interactive and major event calendars.

click to view 
            






investing inour mission

a capital campaign forjackson academy

learn more 
            






head of school search

click here for periodic search committee updates

head of school profile 
            






tuesday raider

ja’s weekly publication to our students, parents, and community

read the latest issue 
            











news



news

preschoollower schoolmiddle schoolupper schoolathletics 

news close



preschool close



lower school close



middle school close



upper school close



athletics close




see all news







quick links
example page


03 secondary


quick link long title long title


quick link


 

academic calendar



feb
17


monday
winter holiday (no school)




mar
06


thursday
professional development 1/2 day (no school)




mar
07


friday
spring break




mar
07


friday
spring break



see more events 



visit jackson academy
schedule your personal tour of ja’s campus by calling 601.364.5761 or clicking the link below.

sign up for a personal tour 
      












stay up to date!


oops! we could not locate your form. 
[insert brief privacy info here] by submitting this form, you are granting: jackson academy, 4908 ridgewood road, jackson, ms, 39236-4978 united states, http://www.jacksonacademy.org permission to email you. you can revoke permission to mail to your email address at any time using the safeunsubscribe safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. we take your privacy seriously (to see for yourself, please read our email privacy policy). emails are
serviced by constant contact.







information for:
students
parents
faculty
jaa
alumni











news & events

school calendar



give now






career opportunities




contact jackson academy








jackson academy

info@jacksonacademy.org
601.362.9676
4908 ridgewood road
jackson, mississippi 39211





 


facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
 



© 2024-2025 jackson academy
jackson academy is committed to the admission of qualified student applicants of any race, color, ethnicity, national origin, sex/gender or religion, and providing them with all the rights, privileges, programs and activities generally accorded to students at the school. ja does not discriminate in violation of the law on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, or sex/gender in provision or administration of its educational and admission policies, including financial aid, academics, athletics, or any other school administered programs.





about jadown-arrow

mission
head of school
board of trustees
marketing & communication
faculty directory
support ja
visitor information
ja community


academicsdown-arrow

preschool
lower school
middle school
upper school
technology
libraries
academic success center
perspectives in education


admissionsdown-arrow

discover ja
admission events
admission process
apply for admission
tuition
tuition assistance


student lifedown-arrow

after school program
cafeteria 
faith in action
﻿honor code
outdoor learning experiences
school calendar
student honoraries & clubs
uniforms


arts & musicdown-arrow

band
choral music
communication arts
performing arts center
theatre
visual arts


athleticsdown-arrow

goraiders.org 
raidernetwork.org 


 apply
 
students
parents
faculty
jaa
alumni
 











































