




deborah lipp | author, priestess, witch



























deborah lipp


about
blog
deborah’s books
workshops & talks
 







i write books & stuff…


this is the website of deborah lipp, author, infrequent blogger, witch.  
if you’re avoiding the amazon behemoth, i understand.  my bookshop.org store carries many of my books, but please do leave amazon reviews, as these have a serious impact on a book’s success.
the latest
the brand new edition of elements of ritual is available now.
this classic book, first published in 2003, has been fully revised and updated. there are so many changes, including whole new sections on the cone of power, alternative steps for ritual, new thoughts on gender and polarity, and many corrections of small errors that crept into the original. 
also, it’s huge, almost 40 pages longer than the original.


the magic of the elements is out in both hardcover and trade paperback versions. 


the way of four is now available in paperback.  fully revised and updated from the 2004 original. don’t miss it! 

bending the binary: polarity magic in a nonbinary world is available and shipping now. we’re often told polarity is essential to magic—is it? in bending the binary, i explore the power of polarity outside the heteronormative box into which it’s been confined. what is polarity? how does it work? how is it queer? with rituals and exercises as well as detailed history, bending the binary offers a new, unique, and inclusive approach to the subject. 



getting started

books in print
workshops and talks
recommended reading for beginning wiccans and pagans
what is wicca?
the latest on the blog.
 








 



 




search for:




 latest on the blog


magic of the elements preorder


this is how we grow


witchlit podcast


lunatic mondays on tuesday!


i’ve been busy



pages

about me
blog
books in print by deborah lipp

review for magical power for beginners
reviews for tarot interactions


contact me
i write books & stuff…
recommended reading
what is wicca?
workshops and talks








 zeereputation theme

















