






a smarter way to invest































































“a smarter way to invest”






home
strategies
about
insights
contact












 
















brandywine asset management is an established (1982) investment firm with a long history of investment research, innovation and trading














focus on retirement



9 brandywine enhanced strategies and 5 target date strategies complete your investment portfolio





low cost structure



the brandywine collective investment trust enables easy and low cost access for 401(k) and other qualified plans





brandywine’s innovation of “risk replacement”



reduced risk means you can maintain larger equity exposure for longer – potentially increasing your money in retirement







every brandywine strategy is based on the philosophy that reduced loss = increased returns









smaller losses:

enable recoveries to start from higher levels, which leads topotential for greater returns
allow you to maintain greater equity exposure throughout your saving and retirement, which helps solve for sequence of return risk

learn how brandywine protects the downsideusing our innovation of risk replacement

view strategy guide







9 enhanced strategies



us equity blend
international equity




brandywine large cap
brandywine extended market




focus international




us equity value
fixed income




advantage large cap value
advantage small cap value




foundation core bond
foundation diversified income




u.s. equity growth





summit large cap growth
summit small cap growth







view fact sheets



5 target date strategies

brandywine target 2060
brandywine target 2050
brandywine target 2040
brandywine target 2030
brandywine target retirement


view fact sheets








9 enhanced funds
us equity blendbrandywine large capbrandywine extended market
us equity valueadvantage large cap valueadvantage small cap value
u.s. equity growthsummit large cap growthsummit small cap growth
international equityfocus international
fixed incomefoundation core bondfoundation diversified income


learn more



5 target date funds

brandywine target 2060
brandywine target 2050
brandywine target 2040
brandywine target 2030
brandywine target retirement


learn more







brandywine by the numbers
contact us to learn how brandywine’s innovation of risk replacement can protect and grow your retirement portfolio and help you sleep well at night






years of experience




enhanced strategies




target date strategies




nights our investors sleep better









about our firm
founded in 1982, brandywine asset management, inc. has a long history of investment research, innovation and trading. over the past four decades, some of the world’s largest investors, including money center banks, corporate pension plans, hedge funds and large family offices have entrusted their money to brandywine.







our office:
the mill ♦ 381 brinton lake road ♦ thornton, pa 19373



contact us
610-361-1000



 










copyright ©1997-2024, brandywine asset management, inc. all rights reserved.



♦ privacy policy







any performance shown on this web site is shown for illustrative purposes only and not indicative of performance that has been or is likely to be produced by brandywine. brandywine asset management inc. is a registered investment adviser with the united states securities and exchange commission (sec). brandywine’s form crs and other disclosure documents can be found on the sec’s website at: www.adviserinfo.sec.gov, using crd#307564. registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training. brandywine’s products are not fdic insured. past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. there is the risk of loss as well as the opportunity for gain when investing with brandywine.



 
















