





	home | california dept. of social services





















  























accessibility help | 
        skip to content




department of social services
social services







  menu  contact

 search 

 







 





disclaimer



home




benefits & services


information & resources


reporting


data portal


careers with cdss


rhsp




home





				benefits & services
			



				information & resources
			



				reporting
			



				data portal
			



				careers with cdss
			



				rhsp
			














home



!

los angeles fires

			go to ca.gov/lafires for wildfire tips and latest information. get more info.











find a county office







apply for cash aid







apply for food & nutrition







in-home support services







find licensed care







report abuse







request hearing







report fraud











headlines and hot topics



disaster help center
see below for information on public assistance and services available to individuals and families impacted by southern california fires: 


wildfire shelters in los angeles county 
disaster recovery centers in los angeles county
facility evacuation and relocation information for southern california
 news releases
	
free crisis counseling services available to those impacted by recent los angeles fires
servicios gratuitos de asesoramiento de crisis disponibles para las personas afectadas por los recientes incendios forestales en los ángeles
new food benefits available for people in los angeles impacted by recent fires
nuevos beneficios de alimentos disponibles para personas en los ángeles impactadas por los incendios recientes
los angeles county calfresh recipients who experienced power outages due to recent fires will receive automatic replacement benefits
los beneficiarios de calfresh del condado de los ángeles que sufrieron cortes de electricidad debido a los recientes incendios recibirán beneficios de reemplazo automáticamente
calfresh recipients
					impacted by southern california fires can request benefit replacement for lost food
		
		
		
los beneficiarios de calfresh afectados por los incendios en el sur de california pueden
						solicitar el reemplazo de beneficios por comida perdida
		
		
		


guide to disaster assistance services for californians
guide to disaster assistance services for immigrant californians
guía de servicios de asistencia por desastres para californianos inmigrantes
disaster assistance for immigrants at-a-glance
	
english
español
中文 (简体)
中文 (繁體)
հայկ


calhhs emergency resource guide
sign up for emergency alerts

progress report: california’s master plan for early learning and care
california has made significant progress in implementing the master plan for early learning and care, which provided a road map for building a stronger, more equitable early learning and child care system. access a progress report.

calworks housing support program celebrates 10 years
since its establishment 10 years ago, the calworks housing support program has offered housing assistance and comprehensive supportive services to families in receipt of calworks who are experiencing, or at risk of, homelessness. learn more about the program and access a related newsletter.

community care expansion grants expand housing
nearly $570 million in community care expansion (cce) program grants have been awarded to new housing projects across the state. cce projects – many of which are already underway – will create new housing at licensed adult and senior care residences, permanent supportive housing sites, and other housing options, including a first-of-its-kind housing project on tribal lands for elders. these housing options will offer an array of services to support independent living for older adults and adults with disabilities who are at risk of or experiencing homelessness. additional information on cce program grantees and awards is available on the cce data dashboard. access a video about the project.

taking steps to better serve foster youth
california has made transformative changes to the way the state cares for children and youth in the foster care system. the continuum of care reform (ccr) was founded upon the collective belief among stakeholders involved in california’s child welfare system that all children served by the foster care system need, deserve, and have an ability to be part of a loving family, and not to grow up in a congregate setting. when ccr implementation began in 2017, an interim foster care rate structure was created. however, statute required a payment structure by january 1, 2025. to this end, the department recently unveiled a new, permanent rate structure, which was informed by feedback from current and former foster youth, county placing agencies, tribes, and other interested parties. california is restructuring rates so that they are based on the needs of each child, not placement type. by restructuring the system this way, california can help address historical racial inequities and help break the cycle of intergenerational poverty and trauma. the new rates will take effect beginning july 1, 2027. read additional information and a detailed summary on the new rate structure.

sun bucks summer food program for kids 
sun bucks provides families $40 per month for food in june, july, and august ($120 total) when children do not have access to school meals. most children who qualify for free or reduced-price school meals through a school meal application, or who receive calfresh, calworks, and/or medi-cal (at or below 185 percent of the federal poverty level) are automatically enrolled. most families do not need to take action to receive sun bucks. children who are not automatically enrolled must submit a  sun bucks application to their child’s school or school administrator’s office by august 31 each year to see if they quality for sun bucks within the same year based on household size and income. learn more about sun bucks.

cdss teams up with ucd, ucla to fortify the future of the child welfare workforce
the california department of social services is supporting a major effort to promote child welfare workforce development. the california workforce innovation, support, and education (calwise) program embraces a partnership model to strengthen and develop the statewide child welfare workforce through data-informed education, training, and support initiatives. as part of this effort, the title iv-e social worker education program, previously administered by the california social work education center (calswec), is now co-led by the university of california, davis (ucd) and the university of california, los angeles (ucla). together, these two sites are leveraging their expertise to enhance program outcomes for the child welfare workforce continuum. ucd is spearheading curriculum development and connection with child welfare workforce practice, and ucla is leading the evaluation of training resources to ensure that training decisions are data-informed and result in intended impact. these combined efforts demonstrate a commitment to provide human-centered, high-quality services to youth and families impacted by the child welfare system. to learn more, visit the ucd website.

training and stipends offered for social work education
the california department of social services is partnering with san jose state university (sjsu) to promote training and stipends for social work education in exchange for employment in adult protective services after graduation. these are available for both master of social work and bachelor of arts in social work students. to learn more, visit the sjsu website.

report highlights success of project roomkey
the california department of social services has announced the release of a report that highlights the success of project roomkey, the state’s groundbreaking program that provided non-congregate shelter options, such as hotels and motels, for people experiencing homelessness, to protect human life, and to minimize strain on the health care system during the pandemic. the department also issued an issue brief (english, spanish) and news release (english, spanish) on project roomkey.

beware of ebt theft and scams
california has been experiencing an increase in electronic benefits transfer (ebt) theft. the california department of social services created videos with security tips for ebt cardholders (english, spanish). if you think your benefits may have been stolen, immediately call the customer service telephone number on the back of your ebt card, (877) 328-9677, or contact your county social services agency.

a mobile app and web-based portal called ebtedge provides ebt cardholders in california with tools to protect their calfresh and calworks benefits. the free app is available for download in the apple app store and google play store. web-based access is also available. the department offers videos about the app (english, spanish).

cash assistance program for immigrants (capi)
you may qualify for cash assistance if you are an immigrant living in california and are:


65 years or older, or
blind, or
disabled

capi is a program that is based on meeting certain immigration, income, and resource requirements. please visit the capi program website for more information and how to apply!

alert: important change to public charge rule
immigrants and their loved ones across california can seek and accept medical care, food assistance, and public housing without fear or confusion about public charge consequences thanks to a public charge rule  published by the u.s. department of homeland security, which went into effect december 23, 2022.  under the final rule, participation in calfresh, public housing, or medi-cal (except for long-term care), will not be considered as part of the public charge determination.  also, a reminder that medical testing, treatment, and preventive services for covid-19, including vaccines, are not considered for public charge purposes.  for additional information, please see the following:


joint statement  from california health and human services leaders in response to the federal public charge changes.  
public charge guide for individuals and families with questions about the these changes in federal policy:  (english) ( español)

individuals in california seeking assistance are encouraged to consult one of many state-funded organizations that provide legal services to immigrants.  here is a  list of immigration services providers  funded by cdss.

ihss program celebrates over 50 years of supporting californians
since its inception more than 50 years ago, the in-home supportive services (ihss) program has been enabling california residents to live independently and safely in their own homes, avoiding institutionalization. to learn more about the ihss program, please visit the ihss webpage or contact your local county ihss office. access a video.

adult protective services hotline
if you or someone you know needs protection from abuse and neglect, call the statewide adult protective services hotline: (833) 401-0832. individuals can enter their 5-digit zip code to be connected to their county adult protective services staff, 7 days a week, 24 hours a day.

foster care ombudsperson hotline
if you are concerned about the care, placement, services, or rights of children in foster care, call the foster care ombudsperson hotline: (877) 846-1602. service is available monday through friday, excluding holidays, from 8 am to 5 pm.






highlights

disaster assistance
cdss state plans
program and legislative reports
budget information



how do i?

find a food bank
get help paying for child care
check the home care aide registry
using my ebt card
information about background checks
become a resource family









california governor
		
gavin newsom





chhs secretary
		
kim johnson





cdss director
		
jennifer troia



about cdss
california department of social services
	744 p street
	sacramento, ca 95814

for public assistance case issues, inquiries, or complaints, e-mail our public inquiry and
    response unit at 
	
	
	
	
	
	piar@dss.ca.gov.


	to sign up for direct outreach from cdss visit our statewide outreach
        page
	
	
	
	
	
	 to learn more.


	for assistance with golden state grants, please call the golden state grant program helpline at 1-866-312-3100.

for out of state inquiries please use the following list to reach the appropriate county.


work with us: work with a purpose
media center
frequently asked questions
submit a public records request
stakeholder meetings
service of process



























&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;span class="redactor-invisible-space"&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/span&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;






work with a purpose



the california department of social services supports programs which serve more than eight million people across our state. this work, accomplished everyday, provides stability, opportunity and promotes wellness in communities throughout california. come join our team to experience what it is like to enjoy 'work with a purpose'.






























back to top 
   accessibility 
   accessibility certification 
   conditions of use 
   contact us 
   get free reader 
   notice on collection 
   privacy policy 
   


















copyright © 2025 state of california





 











