




terc - innovative solutions for stem education | because math and science build futures












































































































search


get updates


blog


contact us







 menu

about terc

about terc
mission
history
faqs
funding partners
people

people
staff
board of trustees
honorary and former trustees


contact us
policies

policies
privacy policy
use policy
conflict of interest policy
accessibility standards


irb


projects & research
publications
products & materials
our services

our services
professional development
research evaluation


work with us

work with us
partner with us
careers
internships

reu summer terc scholars program
terc scholars program


the steamworks room
donate


news & events

news & events
hands on! magazine
blog
newsletter
biennial impact report
get updates


 









 





 sparking curiosity  advancing innovation  broadening access  transforming learning  





we are terc, a non-profit made up of teams of math and science education and research experts. we are dedicated to innovation and creative problem solving. we believe that stem moves the world forward. and we exist to move stem learning forward.


















 














terc announces retirement of president, laurie brennanterc’s highly regarded president, laurie brennan, will retire in june 2025. during her tenure, terc has made significant strides in advancing stem education for all learners.





hands on! fall 2024 magazinearticles include:

innovate to mitigate: the impact of social media on green roofs
using math to connect intergenerational museum visitors with art
virtual coaching to visualize teaching: reflections of a virtual math coach
climate and equity institute: a model for transformative professional learning






project leap’s maria blanton and angela gardiner featured in edweekcan kindergarten math lay the foundation for algebra? new study aims to find out
teaching algebraic thinking skills early—like generalizing, representing, and reasoning—can set students up for success, researchers say.


 


previous



next


previous



next


previous



next
 






news & events

zoombinis club: got to save them all
february 13, 2025

looking for something to do this february break? join zoombinis club for a morning of collaboration, problem solving and fun! this workshop will take place at tlc studios in dedham, ma on thursday feb. 20 from 10-11:30am


learn more and register

climate and equity education: a summer institute for learning and teaching
january 16, 2025
					 explore climate change impacts, share teaching strategies, and connect with fellow educators—all while soaking...
lisette torres-gerald to serve on panel at amte annual advocacy luncheon
january 15, 2025

the association of mathematics teacher educators (amte) advocacy luncheon panel of researchers will be discussing their work in disability justice as it relates to mathematics education. lisette was invited to be on the panel with colleagues rachel lambert, katie lewis, daniel reinholz, honora wall, and cathery yeh, thursday, january 16th at 2 p.m. cst. register here 



see all










sign up for updates!
get the latest terc news in your inbox.
receive our hands on! magazine or sign up for content areas you are interested in.


sign up now!




















we believe stem is fun and joyful. we’re doing work that interests us and we can be creative with. that’s exciting. that’s energizing!” 

– terc staff member 











©2024 terc. all rights reserved.


2067 massachusetts ave.
cambridge, ma 02140


617-873-9600
contactus@terc.edu


















	notice: javascript is required for this content.







			×			





























×




search

















