 









home - imagine that! and future tech

































































































 












facebook
twitter
yelp
email
 










 imagine that! and future tech
extraordinary stem and art camps and classes



770-455-1980
fun@imaginethatfun.com












home

register now!


classes

view class descriptions
class schedule spring 2020
class schedule fall 2019
register for after school classes!
asedp and asp
class information and faqs


summer camps 2020

register now!
camps by age group
camps by subject
locations and schedules
summer camp flyer
spring break camps  2019
summer camp info and faqs


locations

class locations
camp locations


events & field trips
contact us

new school contact form


about

our staff
employment with imagine that!
policies for camps and classes


corona-virus update
 


 


 
 


unlock your childs imagination 











corona-virus update
please click here to read about how the corona-virus is affecting our programs.




after school classes
watch for updates on online classes due to the corona-virus. join us for the best steam after school and saturday school programs!  coding, robotics, science, sewing, art, stop motion videos, and tech at many locations.




summer camps 2020
due to the corona-virus we are not planning any summer camps until we know when isolation will end.  we miss you! amazing steam summer camps for your child! we offer science, minecraft, robotics, coding, technology, drones, sewing, art, 3d printing and more!  







welcome to imagine that! and future techdear parents and friends, after 24 years of offering steam programs, we are closing our doors due to the corona-virus.  if you are interested in purchasing inventory please email us at technology@imaginethatfun.com.  you can see the list of items on the corona-virus tab.  
we are honored to have helped educate the children of the greater atlanta area and will miss our families and schools!


 


summer campsafter school classes 





after school classeshere are some of our after school programs.




 
robotech: grades 2-6


robotech: grades 2-6
your child’s adventure into robotics, programming and technology for grades 2-6
watch the love for technology spark in your child!    
read more





 
lights, camera, action


lights, camera, action
this amazing class will introduce how to do video production and create stop motion videos.
read more





 
roborangers: grades k-2


roborangers: grades k-2
your child’s adventure into robotics, programming and technology for grades k-6
watch the love for technology spark in your child!    
read more





 
robotics club


robotics club
minecraft programming and lego nxt and ev3 mindstorms robots
read more




view all courses




why we are amazing!mission statement
we are dedicated to providing exciting, hands-on educational programs for children from ages 3-14. we desire to help your child to develop a love for learning! our teachers love what they are teaching and want your child to love it as much as they do! 
testimonials on yelp 5 stars!
testimonials on groupon 92% thumbs up!	
how we accomplish our mission:
we engage each child in the learning process through multiple educational, age-appropriate pathways. they have the opportunity to explore, try, succeed and learn from their own hands-on investigation of what they are studying. 
our hands-on approach to learning keeps the learning experience fun and educational. we believe that children learn best by doing.we believe there is no such thing as failure, only opportunities for learning! 
we ask the questions "why?" and "how?" to give the students ownership of the process and outcome. 




 
after school classes
watch for updates on online classes due to the corona-virus. join us for the best steam after school and saturday school programs!  coding, robotics, science, sewing, art, stop motion videos, and tech at many locations.



 
summer camps 2020
due to the corona-virus we are not planning any summer camps until we know when isolation will end.  we miss you! amazing steam summer camps for your child! we offer science, minecraft, robotics, coding, technology, drones, sewing, art, 3d printing and more!  



 
employment with imagine that!
imagine that! offers hands-on science, technology, minecraft, programming and art enrichment programs and camps.
we...









now registering for after school classesso many programs to choose from!  stem and art classes and camps throughout the greater atlanta area!



february 27, 2017

tell us what you think!

classinabox_cyzfyt
3 comments 


welcome to our newly updated website.  we are...








 



socialfacebooktwitter

search for:




summer campssummer camps home
camps by age group
camps by subject
register for camps
flyer summer 2019

like us on facebook 

like us on facebook





copyright ©2025 imagine that! and future tech.education zone pro by rara theme. 











































