





advices and products for health, sex, anti-aging, disease cure and more








 the abicana  store 


- by knut holt 

mail: aquila_grande@yahoo.no

imprima aqui para informacion, consejos y productos por mujeres y hombres para mejorar la salud, la potencia y la satisfaccion sexual 

click here for health information - articles about health, fitness and sexuality





natural drugs for thyroid poblems, edema, heart weakness, allergies, flu, cold, hemorrhoids, arthritis, adhd, depressin, uti, pms, prostate issues, digestive trouble, skin ailments and more - please click here


natural drug for men to make great stable durable erections, intense sexual satisfaction, intense orgasms and strong potency - click here 


natural drug for women to make deep sexual satisfaction, ample lubrication, increased bloodflow and engorgement, strong orgasms and less menstrual discomfort - clik here




effective serum to apply on the skin to stimulate healing from stretch marks - click here


pills for men and woman to stimulate general rejuvenation of all body parts and of all physical and mental functions. a basic working principle of the product is to stimulate the production of growth hormon in the body


more natural healing and rejuvenating drugs to target sexual functions, physical condition, mental status, body shape, weight status, muscle strength and skin integrety.


more drugs, tools and toys for men and women to increase sexual satisfaction and potency - please click here






polls about things experenced by kids, teens an adults from medical professionals and other authorities



you can use these polls to tell your own history or the history of someone you know about. the polls already have a lot of interesting testamonials you can read and comment upon.

-----------------------------------------------------------

strange behavior by authorities

have you ever seen or experienced authorities do something strange, unexpected or abusive? with authorities are meant, doctors, nurses, dentists, psychologists, teachers, child protective agencies, sport coaches, police, military, public clarks, and the like. tell about it here with as many details as possible.

please click here to take the poll and look at results

-------------------------------------------------

intrusive procedures done on healthy children and teens to screen for diseases or for experimentation

extended, mandatory well-child examination under anesthesia - where the kid undergo endoscopic inspections in the intimate zone and other body areas, extensive ultrasound inspections, ex-rays of several body zones, intrusive specimen collection and body function testings:

please click here to take the poll and look at results

-----------------------------------------------


bladder examinations

poll about cystoscopy or bladder inspections in kids and adults:

please click here to take the poll and look at results

---------------------------------------------------

medical examinations done secretly and hided by anesthesia

secret, intimate, intrusive medical exams and procedures under anesthesia on kids and adults:

please click here to take the poll and look at results

----------------------------------------------------

called in for a strange physical or psychological exam or medical procedure

have your ever been called in or taken away for a strange physical or psychological exam that you did not understand the reason for, or was totally unexpected? please tell about your experience.

please click here to take the poll and look at results

-----------------------------------------------

alien abduction

investigation of memories of alien abduction or similar events, like abduction for surveillance and experimentation by governments or mafias

please click here to take the poll and look at results


information and advices about health, training, skincare, hobby, vehicles, jewelry, music, wine. also some good product offers

fitness, health and sexual satisfaction


minerals, anti-oxydants, essential fatty acids

products for health and disease prevention - digestive, rheumatism, respiratory,  circulatory, male and female problems, infections, hormonal, nervous and more. also links to information pages about health.

how to loose weight and become slim

body-building, training and improvement of condition

products for sex, sexual healh and erotic pleasure

good information to improve health, fitness, sexual abilities and sexual pleasure

consejos y productos para mejorar la salud, la potencia sexual y el placer erotico - texto espaã±ol / spanish text

nyttig informasjon og gode rã¥d for ã¥ bedre helsen, ã¸ke seksuell potens og hã¸yne seksuell nytelse - skandinavisk tekst / scandinavian text



beauty, skin health and anti-aging


skincare, cosmetics and anti-aging - products to treat acne, eczema, rosacea, stretch marks, psoriasis, wrincles, age spost, hair loss and other skin and hair problems

ayurvedic medicine

noble stones and metals, jewelry and watches



entertainment, recreation and hobby


information about radio-controlled models and other hobby items

music and music instruments

books, maps and 
magazines


technology for daily life and work


automotive, car and vehicle technology

about wine, wine properties and wine production

electronics, internet and communication technology

about personal, national and international economy




 
some interesting products - presented by webmaster knut holt - 


natural medical and beauty products


avatrol - help for hemorrhoids and to regulate your stomach functions. decreases anal itching and swelling, helps the tissues to heal from hemorrhoids and regulates your stomach so that further outbreaks are prevented.


capicette - to counteract edema and fluid accumulation. this natural drug provides stimulants and nutrients that reduce inflammatory processes and enhance the body's ability to process internal fluid flow. this again reduces the leak of fluid from small blood vessels and gives more effective circulation. the total effect is to rid the body from excessive fluid content.



thyax - to help for hypothyroidism - causing fatigue, weight gain, depressive feelings, constipation, poor memory


collagen intensive - to stimulate healing from wrickles, age spots and other skin irregularities, especially in the face
 

products to improve sexual health and get deeper sexual satisfaction


vigrxplus - natural medicine for men to make more potent, make erections come more easily, make bigger erections and increase feelings 


provestra - quality product for women to make greater physical feelings, stimulate sexual appetite,  and stimulate female potency functions like lubrication, blood flow in the genitals and engorgement of the labia and clitoris


lotion for men to apply on the penis head to stimulate an erection that occurs rapidly, is strong and sturdy and last the time you need. also stimulation of great genital feelings.


lotion for women to apply in the area between the genital lips to stimulate great feelings and to optimize physiogical reactions like fluid secretion, engorgement and orgasm.


to see a great exhibition of many more products for sexual stimulation and to solve sexual problems, please go here


about the health products of this site

at the sections of this online 
store most people can easily find most items for health and bodily 
developement they need:

items to prevent diseases: - here you can find products based on herbs, vitamins, minerals and anti-oxydants to prevent disease and fight aging symptoms.
items to  help or support by 
specific diseases: - here are products targeted for cure, help or support by specific diseases of all cathegories: skin problems, stomach ailments, joint and muscle pain, rheumatic problems, heart and circulation trouble, allergies, airpipe diseases, genital and urinary problems, 
hormonal and metabolic imbalances, depression and anxiety, sluggish thyroid, 
obesity, etc.
sexual health and erotic 
improvement products: - this section contains items to improve 
sexual functions and to increace erotic joy and ecstacy. you will also find 
items for bodily  improvements targeted for optimized sexual life. further 
you find products to remediate sexual physiological dysfunctions or improve the 
anatomical shape of the genitals.
cosmetics, skincare and anti-aging: - you will here find all cosmetic products of all famous brands for reduced prizes. here are also products to cure skin problems, products to fight the general 
aging of the body, and products to prevent and reduce aging symptoms of the skin.


webmaster: knut holt

