













scottish wildlife - animals & attractions in scotland | visitscotland






















































































































































































































































































































































































































 


























skip to:  main menu  search  content  footer our websitesvisitscotlandbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatevisitscotlandbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatelanguageen languageenglishespañolitalianodeutschnederlandsfrançaisvisitscotland home places to go all places to gocities all cities  aberdeen  dundee  dunfermline  edinburgh  glasgow  inverness  perth  stirling popular places ben nevis  cairngorms national park  glencoe  loch lomond  loch ness towns all towns  aviemore  dumfries  fort william  kirkwall  lerwick  oban  peebles  pitlochry  st andrews islands all islands  isle of arran  isle of islay  jura  lewis & harris  mull  orkney  outer hebrides  shetland  skye regions aberdeen & aberdeenshire  argyll & the isles  ayrshire & arran  dumfries & galloway  dundee & angus  edinburgh & the lothians  fife  glasgow & clyde valley  loch lomond, trossachs, stirling & forth valley  highlands  perthshire  scottish borders toggle menu things to do all things to doattractions all attractions  ancestry  scottish arts & culture  castles  free attractions  history & heritage  museums & galleries  rainy days  top 20 attractions  tv & film locations outdoor activities all outdoor activities  cycling  fishing  golf  horse riding  mountain biking  sailing  ski & snowsports  walking & hiking  watersports food & drink all food & drink  beer & breweries  gin tours & tastings  whisky & distilleries landscapes & nature all landscapes & nature  beaches  ben nevis  15 beautiful lochs in scotland  national parks  the northern lights in scotland  standing stones  wildlife watching tours, routes & trails all tours, routes & trails  islands & island hopping  itineraries  scotland's unesco trail  tours  walking trails events all events  edinburgh's summer festivals  highland games  music festivals toggle menu accommodation all accommodationhotels & lodgings b&bs & guesthouses  budget hotels  hostels  hotels  luxury hotels  restaurants with rooms & inns caravan & camping all caravan & camping  campervan, motorhome & caravan holidays  glamping  wild camping self catering all self catering  cabins & lodges  cottages  flats & apartments  hot tubs  large groups unique places all unique places  boats, barges & boathouses  brochs & blackhouses  castles  churches other accommodation accessible accommodation  eco accommodation  exclusive use venues  luxury accommodation  magical places to stay  pet friendly accommodation  romantic  wedding venues toggle menu travel & planning all travel & planningtravel to scotland from england & wales  from europe  from ireland  from north america  from other continents travel in scotland air  bus & coach  ferry  train driving in scotland all driving in scotland  car hire  driving routes  electric vehicles when to visit all when to visit  spring & easter  summer breaks  autumn breaks  winter, christmas & new year practical information eco-travel  faqs  holiday carbon calculator  passes & offers  passports & visas  weather ideas & advice travel blog  travel newsletter  icentre visitor information holiday types accessible holidays  beauty spots  budget-friendly holidays  countryside breaks  family holidays  farm stays  off the beaten track holidays  solo travel  weekend breaks  wellness retreats toggle menusearchtoggle menuwhat are you looking for?searchclose search formhomethings to dolandscapes & naturewildlife watchingshare scottish wildlife - animals & attractions in scotland you can find incredible scottish wildlife in all corners of the country, from dolphins to red squirrels. why not visit one of our two national parks this year - cairngorms or loch lomond & the trossachs? and don't forget the galloway & southern ayrshire biosphere is on national geographic's 'cool list' for 2024!toggle caption information seals in north ronaldsay  © visitscotland/paul tomkins 7 top scottish wildlife experiences for wintertoggle caption information highland coo from newton farm holidays. knitwear by the airts community centre  © visitscotland / lesley martin winter wildlife in scotlandwrap up warm this winter and see some spectacular animals in scotland, from orcas in shetland to mountain hares in the highlands. 7 top scottish wildlife experiences for winter a spotlight on...toggle caption information isle of whithorn harbour lighthouse a scottish biospherewinter in a unesco biosphere. 10 cool things to do in the galloway and southern ayrshire unesco biosphere wildlife holidays and tourstake a boat trip, head off-road in a 4x4 on a wildlife safari, or make a break of it on a wildlife holiday.  14 wonderful wildlife tours to book in scotland discover wonderful wildlife tours to book and experience in scotland, including bird watching safaris, whale watching, farm tours and much more!  horse riding and pony trekking in scotlandexplore scotland on horseback and book a horse riding holiday. wildlife webcams in scotlandget up close and personal to scotland’s amazing wildlife right now. check out our best webcams to see what our wildlife is up to. where and when to see marine wildlife in scotlandfrom puffins to orcas, scotland has no shortage of fascinating marine life. we are an island country after all! birdwatching in scotlandfrom huge predators prowling the skies to vast seabird cities on coastal cliffs, there are incredible bird watching experiences to enjoy in scotland. find more wildlife tours in scotland wild animals to spot in scotlandthere’s an abundance of wildlife species you can spot across scotland in a range of natural habitats. here are just a few to keep an eye out for: toggle caption information a basking shark swims with its massive mouth open for feeding.  © nature picture library / alamy marinebasking sharkthe second-largest living shark and fish, after the whale shark, these gentle giants scale at 7.9 m in length and feed on plankton. summer is normally the peak shark-spotting season where you can even swim with them!  where: oban-based basking shark scotland run boat trips and experiences taking in the beautiful inner hebridean islands of mull, coll and tiree. the tours operate from april to october where you can also swim alongside them. other islands where you can see these magnificent creatures include skye, eigg, rum and canna, lewis, arran and along the hebridean whale trail around the coastline of argyll & the isles. when: high season: july – september; low season: april – june, october toggle caption information bottlenose dolphins in the firth of forth bottlenose dolphinsbottlenose dolphins are very social animals and will most likely pop up and say hello when you’re out on a boat trip. see them in action where they’re bound to impress you with their somersault skills. where: across scotland but in particular the moray firth, home to 200 bottlenose dolphins. when: all year round. however, high season is usually from may – september. toggle caption information a minke whale breaches the surface of the water along scotland’s coast.  © istock / ian35mm minke whalesthe smallest of the baleen whales found in scottish waters. minke whales measure between 7 and 10 metres long and are frequently seen in coastal and inshore waters around the hebrides from early spring until mid-autumn. where: the main hotspots for sightings include the small isles of rum, eigg and muck, between the islands of skye and mull. when: may – october toggle caption information a majestic orca glides through the waters off the coast of scotland.  © istock / karl weller orcabest known as the ‘killer whale’, orcas seek refuge in scotland’s west coast and can usually be spotted around the small isles and skye. where: your best chance of seeing orcas is on the north and west coasts of scotland. a small pod of them reside on the west coast and the northern pod can be sighted across shetland, orkney and around the north coast. when: may – septembertoggle caption information grey seal pup  © visitorkney / raymond besant sealsgrey seals are very common inhabitants you can see off the coastlines of scotland. keep your eyes peeled in the autumn months to see if you can spot fluffy grey seal pups too! where: across scotland, but in particular the moray firth, firth of tay, ythan estuary and the isle of may. when: september – novembertoggle caption information two black grouse in mid-dance, with snow-capped mountains in the background.  © scotland: the big picture birdsblack grousenot to be confused with the capercaillie, these large gamebirds can be seen frolicking near scotland’s moorland fringes and native woodlands. where: glenmore forest park and galloway forest park when: all year round. however, april – july is breeding and nesting season, so there might be less chance of spotting them during this time.toggle caption information a male capercaillie displaying its feathers among females in the undergrowth.  © scotland: the big picture capercailliesdid you know that 80% of capercaillies reside in the cairngorms national park? the turkey-sized capercaillies spend a lot of time feeding on the ground and are restricted to the native pinewoods of northern scotland. where: abernethy forest, rothiemurchus and glenmore forest park within the cairngorms national park  when: all year round toggle caption information troup head nature reserve gannet colony  © discover fraserburgh / damian shields gannetsone of the largest seabirds in britain, gannets have a very distinctive appearance with their white feathers, black wing tips, long neck and beak. where: bass rock is home to the world's largest northern gannet colony. catch a boat trip with the scottish seabird centre from north berwick. when: gannets begin to return from mid-february, but reach their peak over the summer months.toggle caption information a puffin at hermaness national nature reserve  © nature scot / lorne gill puffinsthese hardy little birds are one of the many bird species you will come across on your travels around scotland. where: isle of mull, isle of staffa, shetland, orkney, the islands of the firth of forth and the isle of may. when: april - augusttoggle caption information red kite in flight at the royal highland show red kitewatch these impressive scavenger birds take flight across scotland. red kites are known for their large wingspan, reddish-brown colourings and deeply forked tail. thanks to the successful rewilding programme in recent years, you might come across more red kites in places including the black isle and the trossachs. where: argaty, near doune, tollie near dingwall, bellymack near laurieston, the black isle, loch lomond & the trossachs national park when: january – december. however, high season is from october – march.toggle caption information adult male beaver stood on ice at argaty red kite centre.  © scotland: the big picture mammalsbeaverthese furry residents provide a vital role in creating thriving ecosystems, from creating dams and making ponds to building a safe habitat for lots of other wildlife creatures. they may be a little slow on dry land, but they’re excellent swimmers and can be seen near lots of river systems across scotland. where: knapdale forest, river earn, river ericht, argaty farm, loch lomond nature reserve, bamff wildland, beaver canoe safari with beyond adventure, cairngorm national park when: all year round toggle caption information highland cow on mull highland cowfluffy and ginger in appearance, these wonderful creatures are well-known for their long, shaggy coats, curved horns and gentle nature. if you visit scotland in spring, you might see some newly-welcomed additions. where: where to see highland cows in scotland when: all year roundtoggle caption information red deer stags locking antlers during the rutting season.  © neil mcintyre red deerone of the most iconic animals associated with scotland, the red deer is the uk's largest land mammal and can be spotted in almost every region in the country. where: isle of arran, isle of jura, lochaber, torridon, cairngorms national park, and queen elizabeth forest park. when: september – november  toggle caption information red squirrel (sciurus vulgaris)  © neil mcintyre red squirrelmuch smaller than their grey cousins, the fluffy red squirrel is an elusive addition to scotland's forests and woodlands. make sure you keep quiet as you go on the lookout for these gorgeous little mammals. where: highlands, glenmore national nature reserve, galloway forest park, perthshire, devilla forest red squirrel trail when: december – januarytoggle caption information scottish wildcat  © neil mcintyre scottish wildcatalso known as the ‘highland tiger’, this feline bears a striking resemblance to the domestic tabby cat. scottish wildcats can be found on the prowl in the scottish highlands near areas of dense cover, such as woodland edges. where: scottish highlands when: january – marchtoggle caption information a seal in lerwick harbour  © visitscotland / paul tomkins wildlife resourcesfind out more about wildlife in scotland with these great resources on what, when and where to spot animals. what will you spot?  where and when to see marine wildlife in scotland  scottish wildlife trust  wild scotland  forestry commission scotland  scotland's national nature reserves browse wildlife and nature eventsdiscover scotland’s creatures at one of the many wildlife events and festivals. view all  © event information from data thistle your wildlife pics cookies are needed to see social media images from this place. alternatively, you can head to our instagram account to see more great images of scotland. you can also access this content on our instagram page. manage cookie settings javascript needs to be enabled to see social media images for this place. you can turn this on in your browser settings.share onfacebookpinterestwhatsapptwitteremail find experiences  search a wide range of accommodation, events, food & drink options and things to do from indoor and outdoor attractions to activities, tours and more. javascript needs to be enabled to see this product search form. you can turn this on in your browser settings. other things you might like category: things to do trees you can see in scotland category: things to do 13 scenic boat trips in scotland category: things to do scotland's landscapes, scenery & nature category: things to do walking in scotland category: things to do fun outdoor activities in scotland category: things to do 11 of the best beaches in scotland category: things to do 13 ideas for fun family days out in scotland category: places to go scotland's national parks and natural heritage sites category: places to go countryside breaks in scotland next join our newsletter clan  get scotland inspiration direct to your inbox. don't miss the inside track from our scotland experts on exciting trip ideas, unique attractions and hidden gems loved by locals.  get the scotland newsletter visitor informationvisitor informationvisitor information centresget in touchget in touchcontact usfeedback & complaintsget a free business listingsubmit an eventour other sitesour other sitesbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatescotland is now find us on  find us on about usaccessibilityacceptable usecookiesenvironmental policyprivacysocial mediaterms of usebrand scotland © 2025  visitscotland. all rights reserved. 






















































































































































































































































