ï»¿












rand associates consultancy services ltd

























toggle navigation menu
            









about


services


case studies


our team


partners


locations


contact us


0333 358 3210











rand associates consultancy services ltd
 is a multi-disciplinary practice of 
 quantity   surveyors,  building  surveyors
 and  energy  advisors
 specialising in the maintenance of 
 social  housing across the  uk.
            
              best replica rolex ever made. flawless precision swiss replica watches engineered in switzerland. buy
              swiss replica rolex watches
              now with free shipping.
            


about us
procurement

we are the authors of the m3nhf schedule of rates and have unrivalled knowledge of procuring
              contracts in the social housing sector.
            

surveys

we are proud to have the longest history of undertaking stock condition surveys in the sector.
              around this core service we also carry out validations, epcs, fras and surveys to commercial and corporate
              buildings.
            

consultancy

we provide consultancy across a wide a range of topics, with a fundamental goal of enabling clients
              to efficiently maintain their stock to a high standard.
            

mission statement

              to provide social housing providers with reliable and efficient surveying and consultancy services,
              delivered by experienced professionals with care and understanding.
            

tell me more 











services

              rand associates can offer a high level of service across a wide range of topics. please follow the links
              to learn more about what we offer.
            









surveying

                rand associates is one of the leading providers of surveying services across the uk social housing
                sector. we offer a similar service in respect of corporate or commercial stock in the public and private
                sectors. we offer bespoke solutions for stock condition surveys, building surveying or quantity
                surveying, along with an array of associated services.
                learn more...









asset management

                rand associates offers you skills and expertise to assist you to project your future costs at the
                required decent homes standard. we offer programme of works audits and related asset management
                strategies. learn more...









esurveys

                esurveys is the quick and easy way to collect stock condition and energy data while on site.
                learn more...











schedule of rates

                we offer assistance in the procurement of contracts under the m3nhf schedule of rates and related
                schedules. we are also able to create bespoke schedules for your particular needs.
                learn more...









procurement

                rand associates offer advice on all types of procurement contracts. we are experienced in, and able to
                recommend, all types of standard contracts including: jct, nec3 and tpc 2005. we will work with you to
                ensure that you use the contract which is appropriate to your needs.
                learn more...









etenders@rand

                if you do not have an account for etenders then please create one by following the link below. you need
                an account before you can download any documents.
                go to etenders...











case studies
successful and ongoing client relationships...

surveying procurement consultancy











                    stock condition surveys plus energy efficiency surveys...
                  





fareham borough council __________
+ read more...








                    rand associates were commissioned by denbighshire county council to undertake a condition survey of
                    15% of its stock...
                  





denbighshire county council __________
+ read more...








                    rand associates managed the procurement of framework agreements and term contracts for such works
                    services covering asbestos, lifts...
                  





homes in sedgemoor
__________
+ read more...








                    rand associates carried out a sample stock condition survey to approx 30% of the housing stock...
                  





bucks housing __________
+ read more...








                    rand associates evaluated tender submissions and chaired an interview panel comprising of mosscare
                    representatives...
                  





mosscare housing __________
+ read more...













more case studies __________

+ see more...










our amazing team

              to learn more about individuals at rand associates or simply to put faces to names, please click
              here.








david miller
consultant





simon davis
director





dominic higgins
director





jon case
director





barry patient
consultant










chris patient
head of consultancy





rory henderson
head of net zero





georgina siner
project manager





lewis garley
surveyor manager





craig mitchell
project manager










rebecca barham
project manager





hannah watkinson
project coordinator





rob samuel
systems analyst












locations



reigate

rand associates, bell house, 107 bell street, reigate, surrey, rh2 7jb.
            
 tel:0333 358 3210
            

directions


              our main office is based in reigate, surrey which lies on the a25 and can easily be found from junction 8
              of the m25.
            






the wirral

rand associates, maritime house, maritime business park, dock road, birkenhead, ch41 1aq.
            
 tel: 0333 358 2510
            

directions

our regional office is based in the wirral, merseyside, which lies on the m53.














contact us







sor support (via frequently asked questions)


              queries on interpretation of schedule of rates codes, measurement rules etc., can only be responded to by
              use of our dedicated page after you have viewed our support page containing a list of frequently asked
              questions
              (faq's)
              which is available
              here.
              this page contains regularly asked questions by clients and answers from rand associates. after reading
              through the faq's proceed to the enquiry form page by clicking on the button at the bottom of the page.
            



etenders@rand


              if you would like to register for any current etenders procurement please use the link
              here











our partners


                m3






m3 was formed in 2004 by experienced practitioners to
              provide a unique combination of expertise in social housing, surveying and software design.
              m3 has grown substantially since then by providing excellent products and reliable services at reasonable
              cost. m3 services the national housing maintenance forum (nhmf), which focuses on advising maintenance
              practitioners on good practice. m3 organises the nhmf maintenance conference: the biggest of its kind in
              the uk. many of our schedules are implemented by our partners, rand associates. since 2009 m3 has provided
              schedules and diagnostics for corporate offices and other buildings.
            


                nhmf

national housing maintenance forum
              (nhmf) is regarded as one of the most important event's in the calendar for property services directors,
              maintenance managers and their suppliers. the nhmf is the social housing sector's leading source of good
              practice in the fields of maintenance and asset management. the history of the nhmf dates back to 1994.
              nhmf also manages the development of the m3nhf schedule of rates to make sure it is kept up to date with
              the changing needs of maintenance practitioners. the m3nhf schedule is recognised as the standard schedule
              for social housing organisations in the uk and is used by the majority of them for managing and
              benchmarking their repairs and maintenance through a variety of partnering and measured term contracts.
            










rand


home 


about


services


case studies


our team






information


partners


locations


etenders@rand


contact us


sitemap







reigate office

                  bell house,
                  107 bell street, reigate, surrey, rh2 7jb.
 0333 358 3210
 contact us





wirral office

                  maritime house, maritime business park, dock road, birkenhead, ch41 1aq.
 0333 358 2510
 contact us





 copyright  rand associates consultancy services
          ltd
            terms of use   |
          
               cookies
          


















fareham borough council


about the client:


type of organisation: local authority
size of organisation: 2,362 properies
contact name: shaun barnett
contact's position within organisation: planned maintenance manager




about the project:



type of work: stock condition surveys plus energy efficiency surveys

period of contract: feb 2019 - july 2019.


summary of contract: 

                    fareham bc manage around 2,400 properties in and around fareham. they were looking to appoint a
                    consultant to:
                  


                      carry out a sample condition survey to approximately 20% of the dwellings within the housing stock
                    
survey 100% of external and communal areas of blocks
survey 100% of garage sites
report on future financial liabilities

                      carry out an assessment of compliance against the decent homes standard and the housing health and
                      safety rating system
                    
report on levels of energy efficiency


                    this project represented a significant change of approach for the client, and as such there was a
                    need for high quality, robust information. rand associates were appointed following a competitive
                    tendering exercise.
                  
throughout the project, close contact was maintained with the client, including in relation to:
setting up the survey design to reflect the needs and aspirations of fareham bc
sampling of the stock to ensure this is representative of the housing stock

                    carrying out a pilot survey and reviewing the resulting data prior to commencing the main survey
                  
agreeing an approach for accessing properties, and working with the client on ad-hoc queries
passing through records of more urgent works required to the properties
reviewing the report and recommendations with the client


                    data on site was gathered using rand associates esurveys app, which incorporates a number of quality
                    control measures. the resulting data was then loaded into keystone for further quality control
                    analysis followed by reporting and analysis. all data gathered is to be provided to fareham bc for
                    their on-going use in business and investment planning. following survey completion, rand associates
                    were asked to present their findings to the fareham bc housing board.
                  

feedback from client:


                    the project was delivered successfully, on time and on budget.
                    the delivery team were as prescribed in the pre-qualification stage, co-ordinated at director
                    level throughout the project to a very high standard. 
                    initial scoping meetings, arranged by rand were extremely useful with early exchange of key
                    information to improve accuracy of outturn reports. the council was completely satisfied that
                    rand delivered to our project brief.
                  


 close project
                  





















denbighshire county council


about the project:


type of work: stock condition survey & additional work

period of contract: june 2012 - january 2013, june 2014 - march 2015, october 2016 - march
                      2017
                    



summary of contract: rand associates were commissioned by denbighshire county council to
                    undertake a condition survey of 15% of its stock (518 properties). this was to assess the condition,
                    existing and future liabilities of the stock. during the undertaking the council wished to include
                    surveys and assessments of the relevant buildings within its stock in relation to;
                  

asbestos management (common areas)
fire risk assessments (common areas)
dda compliance (sheltered schemes)


                    information derived from the survey was used by the council for the preparation of detailed planned
                    maintenance plans and programmes. these were required to inform business planning decisions, as well
                    as to facilitate effective, easily up-dateable maintenance management systems. the survey covered
                    the existing council housing stock together with related housing assets, including leasehold
                    interests.
                    in summary the key stages were:
                  

impressionistic study;
desk top study;
sample frame selection;
survey form design;
pilot survey/trial data transfer;
sample survey;
associated activities;
reporting.


                    all surveyors who carried out the survey work were p402 qualified for the asbestos surveys all to be
                    in accordance with the hsg264 guidelines and were qualified and competent to undertake fire risk
                    assessments using pas 79:2007 fire risk assessment guidance.
                  
all risk assessments were reviewed for the following reason:


                      changes to work activities including the introduction of new equipment (e.g. computer equipment);
                    
a change of use to part of the premises;
alterations to the building, including the internal layout;
substantial changes to furniture and fixings;
the introduction, change of use or increase in the storage of hazardous substances;

                      the failure of fire precautions, e.g. fire-detection and alarm systems, sprinklers or ventilation
                      systems;
                    
significant changes to display material;
a significant increase in people present; and the presence of disabled people.

feed back from client

                    denbighshire county council are in the process of re-structuring their asset management functions.
                    this includes the information management aspect (stock condition data).
                  

                    rand associates have been commissioned to aid in the implementation of the new systems. rand's work
                    has focussed on formulating the stock condition survey configuration and the preparations for the
                    proposed switch to the keystone asset management system.
                  

                    rand have analysed and utilised existing information in this process and advised on the aspects of
                    units of measure, lifecycles and rates appropriate to denbighshire's stock and procurement patterns.
                    in addition rand have undertaken fire risk assessments and auditing of asbestos information with the
                    aim of identifying locations that require additional survey work to provide a complete dataset in
                    respect of asbestos.
                  

                    we are still working with rand and the maintenance forecasts they are able to provide us with will
                    be key in both our reporting obligations to the welsh government and in our strategies to maintain
                    and improve our stock.
                  

                    rand have completed their work for denbighshire in a professional & organised manner and have kept
                    the authority updated at key milestones of the project.
                  

                    their customer services skills are excellent and we have been particularly impressed with the
                    company's method of programming surveys and their clear lines of communication.
                  


 close project
                  





















 homes in sedgemoor


about the project:


type of work: contract procurement
period of contract: january 2013 - december 2016


summary of contract: 

                    many works and services previously procured by homes in sedgemoor (his) required one-off tender
                    exercises involving significant amount of effort and time with a resultant strain on resources. time
                    was sometimes an issue which impacted on ability to run full tender processes with the potential
                    that best value for money might not be achieved.
                  

                    our appointment is to manage the procurement of framework agreements and term contracts for such
                    works services covering asbestos consultancy/surveys, asbestos remediation, lifts installations,
                    door entry and warden call installations, planned and cyclical, building consultancy, fire risk
                    assessments, fire safety, disabled adaptations, small building projects and legionella.
                  

                    our services incorporate the whole range of procurement activities necessary such as procurement
                    strategy review and development; advertisement, pre-qualification and selection; production of
                    tender documents; tender process management; tender evaluation, reporting and contract
                    award/appointment.
                  

                    our team of surveyors/consultants are working closely with dawn lang and other his staff to ensure
                    that it is able to deliver works and services promptly whilst, adhering to procurement best
                    practice; delivering value for money; giving consistency in project management; setting out robust
                    performance measurement/management targets and encouraging continuous improvement in standards.
                  
feed back from client

                    excellent consultant, completely open and honest with the client and conscious of need for
                    additional specialist advice where required. works with the client to achieve a good balance of
                    performance and cost, achieving excellent results.
                  


 close project
                  






















bucks housing


about the client:


type of organisation: housing association
size of organisation: approx 450 properties
contact name: nick brake
contact's position within organisation: director of operations




about the project:



type of work: stock condition surveys plus energy efficiency surveys

period of contract: feb 2019 - july 2019.


summary of contract: 

                    bucks housing manage around 450 properties across buckinghamshire, berkshire and oxfordshire.
                    following a competitive tender exercise, rand associates were appointed to carry out a stock
                    condition survey to all properties to inform the business plan and assist with future investment
                    planning. in addition, the survey had the following requirements:
                  

report on the energy efficiency of the housing stock

                      provide information on the need for current repairs, including identified any significant health
                      and safety hazards
                    

                      report on compliance with the decent homes standard and housing health and safety rating system
                    
provide a photographic record of key components


                    this project was run in close consultation with bucks housing, who were kept involved from the
                    initial start up meeting through to the reporting process. after reviewing the survey design in a
                    round-table session with the client, a pilot survey was conducted with officers of bucks housing.
                    following a briefing session at rand associates offices, the surveys were then undertaken according
                    to pre-agreed access protocols. overall a 91% access rate was achieved, which was significantly
                    aided by working closely with bucks housing.
                  

                    following survey completion, a report review meeting was held with bucks housing, before the
                    findings of the survey were presented to the board of the housing association.
                  

feedback from client:


                    bucks housing was extremely impressed with the professionalism of all staff involved in the project.
                    throughout the survey we received support, updates and advice from simon davis and his team.
                    we were very happy with the 91% access rate achieved through partnership working with rand.
                    the finding of the survey was well received following an excellent presentation to our board
                    by simon.
                  


 close project
                  





















mosscare housing


about the project:


type of work: contract production and tender evaluation
period of contract: april - september 2013


summary of contract: 

                    mosscare were in the process of forming a direct labour organisation (dlo) to carry out the response
                    and void maintenance work to their housing stock. by analysing historic response and void work
                    requirement patterns it became clear that the 'peak-trough' predicted nature of the work requirement
                    would mean the dlo, in order to remain viable and efficient, would need support in periods of peak
                    work requirement.
                  

                    we worked with dave bevan and mark jones to formulate a suitable contract, tender documents and
                    tender evaluation process in order that the most appropriate contractor could be selected.
                  

                    we evaluated the submissions and chaired an interview panel comprising of mosscare representatives
                    and tenant representatives to direct questions to the bidders.
                  

                    once we were in a position to collate the results from all of the aspects of the evaluation process
                    we submitted a final report containing recommendations for contractor selection.
                  

                    mosscare are now in a position to have greater control and efficiency in their maintenance
                    activities through their dlo knowing they have the best support possible to fulfil all obligations.
                  
feed back from client

                    i am delighted at the service that rand have given mosscare through this process. the
                    professionalism, dedication and level of attention which, in my many years of experience, is
                    exemplary.
                  


 close project
                  


















