































home | earth observing laboratory


home | earth observing laboratory






      skip to main content
    











informational message

please note that the nsf ncar c-130 is not available for requests until 2027 due to its assignment to the apar project.







main navigation



























contact us



search eol







earth observing laboratory


who we are




about eol


eol organization


career and internships


contact eol





facilities & instruments




research aircraft


airborne instrumentation


ground-based instrumentation


request fare instrumentation


field campaign schedules





field programs




all eol field programs





support services




field program support services


project management


education & outreach


local weather and webcams





data & software




data services


eol field data archive


conventions and standards


eol field catalog


software center


aspen





research & development




apar


lotos


calibration laboratory


eol research publications


design and fabrication services





news & events




eol in the news


eol seminar series


eol workshop series


eol at agu


eol at ams


fare users workshop 2023 archives


2025 avaps group meeting











search eol







contact us









 






 






ncar’s end-to-end observational enterprise, supporting research of the earth’s atmosphere

                      about us
                  








 





 



nsf ncar’s gv aircraft returns to service after major inspection
nsf ncar’s gulfstream v (gv) research aircraft is back in action following a major inspection, ensuring it remains in top condition to support upcoming airborne research campaigns. the extensive maintenance process, a routine but critical step in sustaining the gv’s long-term performance, covered the 72-month calendar inspection, which included a full structural review, systems checks, avionics testing, and deep maintenance evaluations. additionally, all recurring inspections were reset to a winter base month, allowing for uninterrupted summer research campaigns and optimizing aircraft availability. with this work complete, the gv is fully prepared to resume its role in advancing atmospheric science.

read more





eol in the news

read stories and articles about the incredible work by eol staff and our suite of requestable lower atmosphere observing facilities (laof).






 





transforming severe weather forecasting



an innovative weather instrument developed at the u.s. national science foundation national center for atmospheric research (nsf ncar) could be a solution for improving severe weather prediction. 







 





science expeditions in snow, hail and air pollution



nsf stories showcases several research campaigns supported by our nsf ncar earth observing laboratory facilities. the data management team is contributing to all three campaigns (s2noclime, icechip, and gothaam), with raf additionally supporting the gothaam campaign.







 





50 years of falling



celebrating 50 years of innovation in weather science!  
in 1974, a transformation in atmospheric research was born at nsf ncar with the invention of the wind-finding dropsonde. since its first deployment during the gate field campaign, this technology has transformed our understanding of severe weather systems. for five decades, dropsondes have been pivotal in hurricane monitoring, tracking atmospheric rivers, and other vital meteorological research.














 





 



eol staff at agu24
agu fall meeting 2024 was held in washington, d.c. and online 9th - 13th december 2024. more than 25,000 attendees from more than 100 countries convened.

read more







 





 



eol staff at ams
eol staff will participate in the 105th american meteorological society annual meeting, which will take place january 12-16, 2025 in new orleans, la. for more information about the meeting please go to the ams 2025 webpage. 

read more






 



nsf facility and instrumentation request process (firp)
a revised version of the facility and instrumentation request process (firp) solicitation was published by nsf on 3 july 2023.  the solicitation describes the mechanism by which the research community can propose projects that require access to facilities and instrumentation sponsored by the facilities for atmospheric research and education (fare) program in the division of atmospheric and geospace sciences (ags).  specialized fare instrumentation and facilities include the lower atmosphere observing facilities (laof) and the community instruments and facilities (cif).  for more information, please contact dr. shree mishra, nsf fare program director  (sumishra@nsf.gov).

read more







 






 





 



explore ncar-managed lower atmosphere observing facilities for your field research
eol manages and operates a portfolio of multi-user national facilities that are sponsored by nsf.  the ncar-managed lower atmosphere observing facilities include:

research aircraft
airborne instrumentation
ground-based systems

these specialized facilities and instrumentation can be requested to carry out the scientific field work associated with the investigation of a wide range of geophysical phenomena.

read more







 








 






about data services



eol offers comprehensive data management, archival, and stewardship services to the observational research community. nsf-funded research teams rely on eol to facilitate the implementation of tailored and comprehensive data management plans for field campaigns.
learn more














 






eol field program support services



eol provides specialized and scalable services to the research community in support of atmospheric field programs.  services include data management, project management, and operations center support. 

















 








ncar




ncar homepage
acom | atmospheric chemistry observations & modeling
cgd | climate & global dynamics
cisl | computational & information systems
edec | education, engagement & early-career development
eol | earth observing laboratory
hao | high altitude observatory
mmm | mesoscale & microscale meteorology
ral | research applications laboratory







ucar




ucar homepage
community programs
education & training
for staff
government relations & external engagement
member institutions
tech transfer & engagement
university collaboration





eol

follow us on social media








for staff

website login
ncar/ucar help desk
eol on sundog










© 2025 ucar

privacy
cookies
web accessibility
terms of use
copyright issues
sponsored by u.s. nsf
report ethics concern
staff login



postal address:
p.o. box 3000, boulder, co 80307-3000
•
shipping address:
3090 center green drive, boulder, co 80301











this material is based upon work supported by the nsf national center for atmospheric research, a major facility sponsored by the u.s. national science foundation and managed by the university corporation for atmospheric research. any opinions, findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material do not necessarily reflect the views of the u.s. national science foundation.













