






	elda ltd.



























 


















home
about us

products

private labeling
elda brands


innovations
wholesale

web shop

eliquid shop
elda pharm
ecig shop
e-cigareta
eliquidforyou.com
elda lab
elda cbd
shake & vape
izyvape
glam vape
summer edition
the flavor house


projects

news

contact






 


 

 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 
















first registered
manufacturer
elda is the first registered european company to manufacture e-liquid for filling electronic cigarettes in 2008. the company is developing rapidly, along with the entire fast-growing industry of electronic cigarettes and has grown in a short amount of time from a small family firm to one of the leading gazelles in the world!











r&d
by participating in all relevant conferences and fairs, connecting all our knowledge, skills, information, and the possibilities of the latest technology, we provide quality products and services which will ensure continued progress for our customers.                                     
we are helping our clients with introducing and presenting products on the market, and at the same time, notifying them about all upcoming regulations. during the times of change we help our clients prepare and successfully direct their business, according to the regulations, which will ensure them a competitive advantage for sustainable growth.











quality control
we only work with high quality eu ingredients and the largest distributors of pharmaceutical grade nicotine in the world, and we are making the e-liquids in a clean room. the production is eco-friendly. all manufacturing methods, formulas, and procedures are supervised by chemical engineers, who guarantee consistency and safety.











we export our products to more than 80 countries all over the world!









mission
to create high quality, certified e-liquids, for filling e-cigarettes according to your desires, your best choice in oem. use research to advance the entire e-cigarette industry and contribute to the progress and success of our customers.




vision
vision that represents the basis of our business is: by keeping up with advanced technology, constantly introducing innovations, and creating high added value, we want to service our international clients to the best of our ability in this young industry that has the potential to change the world.




goal
our team has one goal: to use the development of new products and the application of new technologies to gain an increasing number of satisfied customers, who will recognize elda as the most reliable manufacturer of e-liquids.




key to success
specialization is a key to success. our focus on the development of e-liquids for our business customers encourages motivation and passion for our products in this industry. all of our products have been specially developed and optimized for use in electronic smoking devices (esds) to make our products unique and superior on the market for our clients.





 





order your samples now!    










web shops

eliquid shop
e-cigareta
eliquid for you



news



connect with us































projekt je sufinanciran iz europskog fonda za regionalni razvoj



                                    projekt "uvođenje nove tehnologije za proizvodnju e-tekućina za elektronske cigarete"
                                    sufinancira republika hrvatska i europska unija iz europskog fonda za regionalni razvoj.
                                    ulaganje u budućnost! europska unija
                                    sadržaj na ovoj internet stranici isključiva je odgovornost elda d.o.o.
                                    

politika upravljanja











                            © 























