

 royal portrush golf club, 2025 british open host | royalportrush.com        
       looking for hotel, guest house, b&b or rental near royal portrush golf club for the 2025 british open? »





homeabouthistorylocationwhere to staynewsletter







royal portrush golf clubhost of the 2019 & 2025 british open championship
the open championship at royal portrush golf club in 2025royal portrush golf course in northern ireland is one of the best and most challenging links golf courses in the world.in july 2025, the open championship will again return to northern ireland, following the huge success of royal portrush golf club hosting the british open in 2019.
royal portrush golf course – the 7th greatest golf course in the worldrated as the seventh best golf course in the world in golf digest’s 2018 “world 100 greatest golf courses”, royal portrush has confirmed its place as a “must-play” stopover for golfers eager to experience one of the toughest golf challenges there is.royal portrush golf club
northern irelandsituated on the beautiful north antrim causeway coast, northern ireland, royal portrush golf club occupies a triangle of giant sandhills which present magnificent views in all directions.the hills of donegal in the west, the isle of islay and southern hebrides in the north, with the giant’s causeway and the skerries in the east.the course is overlooked by the ruins of 13th century dunluce castle and this gives its name to royal portrush’s famous dunluce course.read more ...accommodation at the 2025 british open at royal portrushlooking for accommodation?
are you searching for a hotel, bed & breakfast or self-catering rental near royal portrush golf club?offering accommodation?
can you offer a hotel, bed & breakfast or self-catering rental near royal portrush golf club?find out more »design by redrhinocopyright (c) royalportrush.com. all rights reserved. copyrights for images remain with the copyright holders. this site is not affiliated with royal portrush golf club.homeabouthistorylocationwhere to staynewsletterhomeabouthistorylocationwhere to staynewsletterenter yourtext here  login to royal portrush golf club



login
lost password?
reset password
enter the username or e-mail you used in your profile. a password reset link will be sent to you by email.


get new password
already have an account?								login


    error:                         

