





wild horses of shackleford banks










































spirit's page





water - the source 
                      of life





the colors of shackleford




the kids of shackleford





sea-horses of shackleford







the mullet pond









the old...
                  





...and the new




who is watching 
                      who?
                  







new life comes to 
                      shackleford




summer at shackleford





adoptions




 


 


 










photos & stories



hi 
              there! my name is merlin.
 i 
              am what some people call a banker pony. i am really a horse but 
              we are called ponies because we are smaller than some horses, standing 
              only about 14 hands high (a hand is about 4 inches and the measurement 
              is made from where the neck meets the back to the ground). years 
              ago, the folks here on the outer banks started calling us banker 
              ponies and the name has stuck. in the 16th century, my ancestors 
              came from spain 
              via hispaniola (located between cuba and puerto rico) to live on 
              one of the islands off the coast of north carolina that make up 
              the outer banks. my island is called shackleford banks and 
              it is only nine miles long. it is located just east of morehead 
              city and beaufort (we pronounce it bow-fert). here is a map of the 
              local area so you can see where i was born 

what you won't see on the map, though, is the abundance of bookmakers ready and waiting to accept your horse racing wagers. this list of new horse racing betting sites comes to show that the interest in us banker ponies and our ability to gallop is growing by the day. our performance on the track is monitored by specialists and then reflected in the odds so that the fastest of us would get priced up with the shortest odds.
              
if 
              you ask the old folks on harkers island about us, they will tell 
              you that the horses have always been here. that we swam ashore from 
              sinking ships long before the english people came. the story of 
              the shackleford horses actually began about 400 years ago in europe. 
              carolyn mason, from the foundation that watches over us, has started 
              a 
              

timeline about us. there is also 
              a page about my friend,  
              

spirit and pages 
              of our photos and stories. just click on one of the links below 
              to visit the pages you want to see. the folks at the  
              

foundation 
              and i hope you enjoy all of our pages and that you come to visit 
              us on our island. please visit our site often and we would be grateful 
              if you took a moment to sign our  
              

guest book. 
              

  

 








 






             



						
 


 














copyright © 2004-2005 






       
megan walker, 7 bridge st hr4 9df hereford, uk
      telephone +44 1432 509361

      e-mail us 
      admin@shacklefordhorses.org




