









auctions and services unlimited



























































































































































login/registermenuhomeauctionsabout uspast auctionsno auctions foundview all auctions >>meet our auctioneerstim watkins – owner/auctioneer (lic #13861) tim has been a resident
of midland and odessa for over 35 years.  he was raised by avid antique
collectors, so from an early age he tagged along with his parents to hundreds
of auctions, antique shows and cooperatives. he has worked in the oil and gas
industry as well as transportation. tim graduated missouri auction school in
march 2002 and is a graduate of the certifies appraisers guild of america,
concentrating on equipment. suzette watkins – owner/ appraiser/ business
manager suzette is an accredited member of the international society of
appraisers and has been a certified appraiser for antiques and household goods
since april 2003. all appraisals given to asu clients will be written with isa
(international society of appraisers) and/or uspap (uniform standards of
professional appraisal) practice standards. suzette is especially knowledgeable
of irs requirements for estates and donations.about auctions and services unlimitedauctions and services unlimited (asu) was established in 2002 by tim and
suzette watkins. located in midland, texas, asu is the only full-service
auction house in west texas. we have remained at the forefront of auction
technology, constantly testing new platforms and processes and investing in our
employees. we have a federal firearms license. asu is a seller’s best friend
and buyer’s paradise! we sell everything big and small – from single items to
full collections, we can handle it all!our philosophy
our primary goal is to provide outstanding professional service to our clients.
•	we are committed to demonstrating great respect for our clients and our client’s property.
•	we are committed to providing a wide variety of services to best meet the unique needs of each client.
•	we are committed to developing and maintaining long-term business relationships with our clients and our customers.
•	we are committed to providing our customers with quality service and honest representation.
•	we are committed to the long-term growth of our business. we will not allow the opportunity for short-term growth or profit to compromise our business philosophy and goals.as the only full-service auction house in west texas, asu delivers top value to buyers and sellers. we specialize in liquidation of quality estates and personal property, antiques and collectibles, businesses, real estate and charity auctions, and offer complete appraisal services and consultations. most importantly, we’re licensed and bonded by the state of texas and covered by a state recovery fund. we’re also members in good standing of both the texas and national auctioneers associations. we’re dedicated to assisting individuals and professional service providers as they deal with life’s transitional situations. our auctions are a social event, a treasure hunt, and a high-stakes poker game all rolled into one!selling
our business is solving your problems
sooner or later, most everyone has to decide how to sell an estate, household items, or a collection of antiques. auctions and services unlimited (asu) specializes in selling these items using the auction method. we are dedicated to providing outstanding professional services to our clients. our business is solving your problems.
a successful, professionally conducted sale does not just happen. it requires trained, experienced, honest, knowledgeable, and hard-working personnel who place attention and emphasis on all the details. we use our management experience, business experience, people skills, and knowledge of the market to handle all the intricacies of a successful sale.
we handle every phase of your sale. we organize, clean, make minor repairs, lot, tag, display items, promote, advertise, manage and conduct the sale in order to obtain top dollar for you. we provide all personnel and equipment necessary to conduct your sale. we would be pleased to conduct a sale for you! auctions and services unlimited can turn your property into immediate cash.contact usfirst namelast nameemailphone phone number followed optionally by "ext." or "#"messagewould you like to receive future emails?*yesnosendquick linksauctionsuser linkslogin / registerother informationprivacy policyterms & conditionstim watkins, texas license 13861© copyright 2025 • auctions and services unlimited© powered by








































































































