





















montgomery county action council







 


 
        skip to main content.
    











the economic development agency for montgomery county, ks


follow us!facebooklinkedinx-twittertiktok
















toggle navigation





site selectionretail site selectionavailable sitesavailable buildingsvirtual spec buildingrecruitment incentivesmajor employerssmall businesssbdc servicesfinancing supportstarting a businessworkforcelabor & wage dataworkforce datarural opportunity zone incentive programsoutheast kansasworksliferecreationracinglakesgolfparks and zoohuntinghikingannual eventsshopping and dininghistorywhy montgomery county?relocatelove, montgomery countypay off student loansget down payment moneymove with relocation incentivesapply for free moneyapply heremontgomery county profilecaney profilecherryvale profilecoffeyville profileindependence profilenewsquarterly updateabouteconomic development strategic planour staffboard of directorseventscontact usmembershipbecome a member






caneycherryvalecoffeyvilleindependencecaney • montgomery county, ks:community pride is clearcherryvale • montgomery county, ks:vibrant community, rich in historycoffeyville • montgomery county, ks:a present as lively as its pastindependence • montgomery county, ks:a strong industrial base


previous



next







site selector & expansion prospects

our #1 goal is work hard to create and retain jobs.




incentives

learn about our variety of incentives and assistance programs for small businesses.




love, montgomery county

montgomery county is the perfect place for anyone who is looking for a thriving and beautiful place to live.




talent availability

with a trained, skilled, and available workforce, montgomery county is a great place to do business.




news

the latest county information at your fingertips!




available buildings

view our latest inventory!



 





share us!



facebook
twitter
linkedin
email
print







translate





















the economic development agency for montgomery county, ks
montgomery county action council (mcac) is the economic development agency for montgomery county, kansas. our organization works collaboratively with local and regional partners to attract new business investment, encourage the expansion of existing industry and small businesses, align workforce education and training with in-demand jobs, locate new markets for montgomery county products, and plan and mobilize resources for economic development.our mission:the purposes of montgomery county action council (mcac) include serving as a leader and innovator of economic development programs and as a unifying element among montgomery county communities by developing and maintaining an economic climate which creates jobs, increases the tax base, promotes economic diversity, and enhances the quality of life for all citizens of montgomery county.






 


montgomery county, ks


considering a move to montgomery county?live in a downtown loft. live in a quiet neighborhood. live on acreage in the country.whatever you choose, you can send your kids to quality public schools. work late at the office and still make it to the kids' activities. the average commute is 15 minutes.have a night out with dinner and a show in the city, or spend a day biking, boating, hiking or hunting in the country. either way, there is always something to do when you live in montgomery county. learn more




caney, ks


rich in historical culturecaney is set in a valley surrounded by the chautauqua hills on the west and oklahoma lakes (copan and hulah lake) on the south. caney is rich in historical culture and has a strong historical society. caney is home to large manufacturing companies such as spears manufacturing and engineered systems and equipment inc. who are two of the region's best employers. learn more




cherryvale, ks


a vibrant communitycherryvale is a vibrant community, rich in history, known for its quiet neighborhoods and is bustling in community pride.  cherryvale has targeted industries in injection molding and fiberglass manufacturing. once a booming railroad tourism destination, the communitiy prides itself on its continued support of railway development and transportation through the continued growth of watco railroad, one of the largest shortline rail companies in the united states. learn more




coffeyville, ks


a thriving manufacturing communitycoffeyville is a thriving manufacturing community best known for its friendly people, the coffeyville community college red ravens and the demise of the dalton gang in 1892. coffeyville's present is as lively as its past with much industrial growth taking place over the past few years. the largest industrial development project ever in the state of kansas took place at coffeyville resources with the addition of the nitrogen fertilizer facility. learn more




independence, ks


a community of unique charmindependence has a strong industrial base, with targeted industries of aerospace and sheet metal fabrication.  with companies like cessna aviation, kansas aviation, aviation controls, vt hackney, matcor, and several other nationally known companies, its no wonder that business is growing in independence. learn more







 


mcac news


                        view all











                                                                                don’t forget to renew your membership to the montgomery county action council
                                    


                                    wednesday, february 12, 2025                                

don’t let the membership renewal window close before you update your account with the montgomery county action council (mcac). as one of the leading economic development organizations in montgomery county, mcac has a variety of programs to support existing businesses that are ready to grow. whether you have expansion plans...                                    
read more


 







                                                                                celebrate kansas day on january 29 with the montgomery county economic outlook event
                                    


                                    monday, january 13, 2025                                

mark your calendars for wednesday, january 29, for the annual montgomery county economic outlook event. celebrate kansas day at the coffeyville community college spencer rounds theatre from 8:00 to 10:00 a.m. with a lively discussion about the local economy, projects on the horizon, and the future of our workforce. any...                                    
read more


 







                                                                                celebrate 12 days of members with the thriving industries of montgomery county!
                                    


                                    sunday, december 8, 2024                                

the montgomery county action council (mcac) loves talking about its members! we promote various businesses throughout the year and are excited to celebrate their good work. from companies with decades-long histories in the region to new businesses scheduling ribbon cuttings, there is always something to talk about.  december is a...                                    
read more


 







                                                                                montgomery county residents can support these local businesses in the holidays and beyond
                                    


                                    thursday, november 14, 2024                                

supporting local businesses is a great way to help the community. research shows holiday sales account for 25% of total revenue for half of small businesses and more than 50% of annual revenue for retail businesses. residents who choose to shop and dine locally keep money in montgomery county, kansas,...                                    
read more




mcac on facebook montgomery county action council 

former grandview products buildinglooking for the perfect space for your business? check out this versatile warehouse/manufacturing facility available for lease in cherryvale. with a total of 54,439 sq. ft. (including 3,464 sq. ft. of heated office space) and the potential to split into three units, it’s ideal for any venture—whether you're a startup or expanding your operations. highlights include: 12 ft ceilings in the main area, 2 dock-height entrances & a flat dock entrance with overhead doors, operational sprinkler system, 4.1 acres. learn more 1 - community jewels of montgomery county2 - annual events for the whole family3 - golf gems of montgomery countycommunity jewels of montgomery county
parks and recreation departments across the united states seek to enhance the quality of life in their local communities. the parks and zoos of montgomery county, kansas, achieve that goal with flying colors, offering quality open spaces, new facilities, and family-friendly programs that promote citizen involvement and a strong sense of community. learn moreannual events for the whole family
montgomery county is the perfect place for anyone who is looking for a thriving and beautiful place to live. we encourage you to take a look around our county and see what a thriving, fun place this is for residents and tourists alike. learn moregolf gems of montgomery county
locations like augusta national, pebble beach and pine valley may raise the pulses of golf enthusiasts everywhere. but for those finding themselves in montgomery county, kansas, courses named coffeyville hillcrest, caney golf and independence country club offer exciting challenges on the links. mixed among these lush greens, similar pulse-racing experiences on exciting disc golf courses can be found as well! learn more


previous



next



featured members






























































 










montgomery county action council115 s. 6th st. po box 588 independence, ks
                                                    67301
                                                phone 
                                                    (620) 331-3830
                                                
                                                    director@actioncouncil.com
                                                 







site selectionsmall business developmentworkforcerelocatetraining resourcescontactsite map



                                    © 2025 montgomery county action council. all rights reserved.
                                

                                    economic development websites by
                                    
                                        golden shovel agency.
                                











        list of javascript dependencies not enabled:
        jquery 3.2.1, popper.js 1.14.3, bootstrap 4.1.3, google translate, share-links.js, interface.js, member-tab.js,
        universal-buttons.js, and slick-carousel 1.9.0.

        additional note:
        our module pages support additional js to fully function but still will be traversable.
    




  

