





carmel plaza


























































































skip to content














  


search for:








homedirectoryperks & happeningsdirections directionsparkingelectric vehicle charging stationsblogabout us about uscontact uscarmel visitor centerleasing opportunities 


search for:








homedirectoryperks & happeningsdirections directionsparkingelectric vehicle charging stationsblogabout us about uscontact uscarmel visitor centerleasing opportunities









loading...


 



 



 



 



 



 




current

plaza courtyard north
 


 


 

home slide 3
 

home slider 6
 

slider 8
 









nestled in the heart of downtown carmel-by-the-sea, carmel plaza is home to one-of-a-kind fashion finds and specialty national brands, distinctive restaurants, gourmet shops, wine tasting rooms, wellness studios, and more— in a relaxed yet sophisticated setting.
shop
carmel plaza artfully blends a distinctive selection of one-of-a-kind retail choices.
explore our shopsshop
carmel plaza artfully blends a distinctive selection of one-of-a-kind retail choices.
explore our shopsdine
carmel plaza offers an assortment of tasty cuisines….something special for everyone.
explore our restaurantstaste
 enjoy monterey county wines at three notable wine tasting rooms conveniently located in the courtyard of carmel plaza.
explore our tasting roomsevents
events & news that you don’t want to miss along with sales and deals you simply can’t resist.
what’s up#carmelplaza












carmelplaza
carmel’s destination for the best of everything… shopping, dining, wine tasting, wellness, entertainment & more! 🐶 friendly📍carmel-by-the-sea.








don't let the rain get in the way of your game. vi






fall in love with @cariloha this valentine’s day






this friday - sunday, 10am-2pm, swing by the futur






thanks to the organized coordination from the @car






staying cozy and chic in @shoptejido 🤍 visit th


 





happening right now at @arhuas in carmel plaza! ex






merry christmas, everyone. the plaza is closed tod






shopping spree = complete. mocha break = essential
 


 


load more...






 follow on instagram










 
 





hours & location monday-sat 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
sunday 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.
with extended hours for most restaurants


ocean avenue & mission street
po box 4814
carmel, ca 93921
831-624-0138



 

explore the plazadirectory









 #carmelplaza

 

more to exploreabout us
leasing
contact
 

stay in the know

 

 
 
 





		©2018 carmel plaza | all rights reserved | website by lobstervine 

 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link





























































































 



