



















































the details — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































adrienne_rosel
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














adrienne_rosel







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement





the details
[recent entries][archive][friends][profile]
below are the 10 most recent journal entries recorded in the "adrienne rosel" journal:[<< previous 10 entries]
september 18th, 2006
07:39 pm[link]today i saw  mr. and mrs. president.  yes, i mean good 'ol laura and george.tomorrow is the un meeting here in nyc.  i happened to be on park ave this evening when he was heading to the waldorf astoria.more audition info to come  (i made it through three rounds of callbacks!).  this particular theatre is located in wisconsin and it would be a three month gig.  i loved the people... so cross your fingers.  more auditions on wednesday. 
current mood: chipper(4 comments | leave a comment)
september 11th, 2006
05:55 pm[link]today i met the donald… and i shook his hand.  opps, i didn't think about it until i left.  
fyi: he hates shaking hands with people >> germs.  
(leave a comment)
september 8th, 2006
12:07 am[link]i went to my first audition (in the big city)…  it was an equity audition for 42nd   street.  
 
i checked in at noon.  
 i put my name on the list…
i waited… 
and waited… 
and waited… 
finally at 4 p.m. they lined everyone up and told us they would be “typing.” in other words they would put us in a line and make a round of cuts based on looks.  they went down the line and asked each of us our height.  then they listed off all the girls they wanted to keep and told everyone else “thank you for your time.”  
they cut all the tall girls…. 
that was an interesting day.  i waited all day and didn’t even learn a combination.   
oh well, i start work tomorrow… and i am really looking forward to it.  i’m working at the trump tower. 
(2 comments | leave a comment)
september 7th, 2006
11:52 pm[link]i’m in nyc and i love it!  my parents delivered me to the city and stayed for a few days.  then they headed back to kansas and left me to enjoy the labor day weekend.  i had a wonderful weekend… wondering around.  to my surprise, nyc doesn’t seem to be as big as one might think. on four different occasions i have practically ran into a friend as i was walking down the street.  how crazy is that?  
 my first night alone in the city i spent the evening with miss connecticut 2005.  we went downtown to listen to one of her friends in a band.  it was a great introduction into the night life of nyc.
 tuesday, i began my official job search and it just so happens that i found a job.  i can officially say that i am no longer un-employed.  in fact, my first pay check will be from mr. ny himself… donald trump.  
 more to come…
(leave a comment)
august 23rd, 2006
09:37 pm[link]hello all –i am off to nyc next week, the 29th of august to be exact.  all i have to say, it’s about time!  as many of you know i have been working toward this for quite some time and i am finally going to make it a reality.  
my parents are flying to the city with me for a couple of days so we can play “tourist.”  they can’t stay for long because football season starts labor day weekend and they have to be back in the little apple (manhattan,  ks) for the season opener.  (for those of you that don’t know, my brother – mac #57 – is a linebacker for the kansas state wild cats). 
my first night alone in the city is on a friday night…  i recently talked to erin kruse, who was first runner up in 2005, and she is moving back to nyc after working for tokyo disney for six months.  we talked a bit, and she may be showing me around the city on my first night alone… should be fun.
many of you want to know what exactly i will be doing.  i will be a “professional auditioner.”  seriously i have made numerous contacts, which will hopefully lead to an job opportunity; otherwise, i will be training, networking, finding an agent, etc…  i will be attempting to avoid being a starving artist… that’s where my degree (journalism) will come into action. 
i will be maintaining my web site and blog for the next year, so if you want updates stay tuned.
(leave a comment)
august 5th, 2006
07:34 pm[link]i recently completed my apprenticeship at broadway theatre project.  what an experience!  i made some great friends and worked with some incredible people; including ben vereen, frank wildhorn, dave clemmons, nancy dussault, ron piretti, debra mcwaters, and many others who were all awesome.  if you want to read about some of the instructors and guest artists check out the broadway theatre project web site: www.broadwaytheatreproject.com.  it will be well worth your time.
 
basically i went to tampa,  florida and took classes for three straight weeks (no days off) from 8:30 a.m. until 10:30 p.m. (on average).  my classes included dancing, singing and acting as well as master classes with people like patrick wilson (best known for his starring performance in the movie version of phantom of the opera) and ron raines (you can currently see him starring on guiding light) and jed bernstein (produced all the 9/11 specials as well as the commercials for the tony awards).  there were so many incredible people that i had the opportunity to work with.
 
at the end of the three weeks we had a big showcase, the movie musical, at the tampa bay performing arts center.  it was a fantastic show.  the final number showcased three world champion ballroom dancing couples. wow!  the stage caught on fire (not literally) because of the heat they created from their “hot” dance moves.   i want to dance like that, and believe me… i will… with a little – a lot – of practice. 
 
next on my agenda is to pack.  i’m off to nyc by the end of this month.  i’m trying to get there before sept. 1, but i’ll be there for sure on 9/1.  if you come to the city, give me a call.
 
stay tuned to my web site, i’m going to get some pictures up as soon as i can (i’m currently having issues editing the site).
(1 comment | leave a comment)
june 28th, 2006
11:42 pm[link]how is everyone? 
 
i’m great! i took a week off to “chill” and loved every minute of it. the instant i put that crown on michelle’s head i said “peace out.” if you haven’t looked at misskansas.org as of yet then you are really behind. the new miss kansas is michelle walthers. 
 
anyway, i went on vacation. that’s right, i left my planner and computer at home for a week. i went to denver to hang out with my sister. i was supposed to go on the long awaited backpacking adventure, but it got cancelled at the last minute. my younger brother, mac, had to have his knee scoped two days before our “departure” date. we didn’t want him to feel really bad, so the rest of us went on a day hike while he sat on the couch. we took a beautiful trail, but it wasn’t the same as spending the night under the stars and smelling really disgusting by the time you get home. j
 
after the hike, i hung out for the rest of the week: i worked-out, went to the pool, went browsing through the mall (i am completely “shopped” out) and baby-sat my nephew.   it was a great vacation.
 
after my “vaca” in denver, i decided to go to manhattan for the country stampede. what a blast! i hung out with heather (my best friend, who was also singing at the stampede) and mac (as well as all his friends). heather and i managed to pull off vip tickets for the weekend. in other words, we had “rock star” treatment. i guess that’s what you get when you put a “former” miss kansas and country singer together. i might as well say it, after this weekend i have the “hots” for joe nichols. whew…. and whew again….
 
 
the rest of the details will remain confidential between heather and i, and the lucky people we hung out with. ha!
 
by the way, jesyca rodenberg (who is an executive director for several pre-lims to miss kansas) sang the national anthem on saturday night. she represented us well in front of the 30,000+ crowd. the only reason i know there were so many people there is because there were over 30,000 on sunday and saturday is a bigger night.
 
let’s see…. 
 
other exciting news… i am sending my rent deposit to nyc tomorrow morning! wawhoo! translation: i found an apartment.
 
that’s it for now.
(leave a comment)
june 5th, 2006
12:05 pm[link]the festivities have begun… 
 
sunday was the 3rd annual miss kansas golf tournament at park hills country club in pratt, kan.  seventeen teams entered and we raised approximately $3,000.  thank you to everyone who participated!
 
more info to come… i should have pictures up on my web site by the end of the day.
 
tonight (monday) is the miss kansas talent show at pratt community college.  be there or be square.
(leave a comment)
june 3rd, 2006
11:38 am[link]whoa… i need to slow down…i have been running around like a maniac for the past week.  next week is the miss kansas 2006 pageant.  meaning, there will be a new miss kansas.  i have been trying to wrap up all my duties and get ready for a busy fun-filled week in pratt.to check out the events for the week and all the contestants, go to www.misskansas.org.i can’t believe this year is over.  during my day-to-day job of being miss kansas, i always found it funny that once i became miss kansas, i couldn’t figure out what the big deal was… people wanted my autograph, and it wasn’t just my friends giving me a hard time.  then i would go places and people actually listened to what it is i had to say.   i had to keep telling myself that there are little girls who are looking up to me like i did trisha schaffer (miss kansas 1994) and kim grice (2001).  those two were miss kansas…oh….wait… so am i!  and megan bushell (2004)… i wouldn’t be in this position if weren’t for her – all because of a little encouragement to enter a pre-lim!as i visited schools throughout the state, i felt like jen vannatta (miss kansas 1998).  for some reason i have never forgotten her presentation (aspects of it), and she spoke to our high school …. how many years ago was it? i’ve had an absolutely wonderful year (with a few ups and downs)! more than anything, i can’t believe how quickly it has come to a close.  for those of you that are coming to miss kansas this year, please come find me.
(leave a comment)
may 18th, 2006
09:22 am[link]i just opened my email account… talk about an overload. i’ve been away from the internet for a good six days. sorry for the delay in any email responses. 
 
the past couple of weeks i have been to the kansas sampler in garden city, spoke at two luncheons, sang at a community picnic and gave my final eight school presentations.   i’ve been having a blast. 
 
where all have i been in the past two weeks:
*topeka
*garden city
*liberal
*cimarron
*ingalls
*leoti
*montezuma
*copeland
*dodge city
*pratt
*wichita, topeka, lawrence (by the end of the weekend)
does this confirm that miss kansas lives a life on the road?
 
many of these towns i visited were for school presentations. as i sit here today i feel a sense of accomplishment and disappointment… i’m done. visiting schools is definitely something i’m going to miss about being miss kansas. 
 
the energy i receive from students is remarkable. spring is in the air and students are ready to cute loose, forget about school and have some summer fun. i don’t blame them. typically this makes the presentations fun because they are full of energy and if you can’t keep their attention… they’ll tell you.
 
as i look back on my year of school visits, i have some things that stick out in my mind:
 
what do you want to be when you grow up?

i don’t know. (if this was their response, i pestering them about their favorite subject in school, favorite sport, favorite hobby: then we would dream up a “cool” job that dealt with the things they were interested in.)
police officer
eye doctor
truck driver
business owner
race car driver
teacher
nurse
garbage man (the best one yet!)
zoologist
marine biologist
enlist in the marines/navy/army
cartoonist
make-up artist
singer
financial advisor
writer/journalist
professional athlete
engineer

it is so awesome to see kids dream… 
 ---- you name it, i heard it! however, no one ever told me he/she wanted to be the president of the united states, which i find quite interesting. i even suggested it a couple of times, and the response was, “nope!”
 
do you know what you want to be? if you don’t, then i suggest you think about it. 
 
i tell my students that life revolves around your attitude… it is your attitude that drives you to dream…. dreams drive you to set goals… goals drive you to work hard (goals are also known as stepping stones to reaching your dreams)…working toward your dreams gives you a since of empowerment, which directly affects your attitude. basically, you have dreams, goals and hard work that is bonded together by your attitude. if you have a good attitude, then you will see your dreams come true because you work hard. if you have a bad attitude… you know the rest…
 
sometimes i could tell that students had never really thought about their dreams... 
 
additional info: in the first half of my presentation i tell a story about my fourth grade teacher, mrs. tilman. at the end of the school year she went around the classroom and asked each of us what we wanted to be when we grew up. i told her i wanted to be a professional dancer (on broadway). a couple days later she handed us a print-out of everyone’s dream, and i glued mine to the back of my yearbook. its twelve years later and i still have that dream: i’m moving to nyc in four months. thanks to mrs. tilman i have been working toward this goal for the past thirteen years. moral of the story: yesterday, a teacher from cimarron high school came up to me after my presentation (norma) to tell me that she also had mrs. tilman in fourth grade. she proceeded to tell me that mrs. tilman asked her class what they wanted to be when they grew up, and she wanted to be a teacher. mrs. tilman was the first person to ever get her to really think about her future, in terms of a profession, and it was in the fourth grade that she decided to become a teacher – and that is what she is today. how cool is that?
 
i’ll leave you with that note: dreams & attitude…. think about it… 
 
(stay tuned for more on school presentations)p.s.  one of my good friends called the other night. "are you sitting down?"  he asked."yeah, what's up?""well, i won't beat around the bush... i made my first broadway show!""stephen!"  i screamed.  "that is so awesome."i worked with stephen two summers ago at a theatre in oklahoma.  he's moving to nyc to work on broadway, about the same time i'm moving to start auditioning.  if he can do it... then so can i!  (he got cast to be in the revival of les mis, which opens in october.)
 
 
(leave a comment)

[<< previous 10 entries]
powered by livejournal.com































