






chris parnell: 24/7
















 




















chris parnell: 24/7





















home


faq's


bio


filmography


photos


articles


lyrics & media


join in


contact chris


contact me




























 thanks for visiting chris parnell: 24/7,  a fansite for actor/comedian chris parnell, 
                                             more commonly known for his work on saturday night live since 1998. 
     
comments and suggestions are always welcome, so feel free to email me! 
 
you can now reach cp:24/7 at http://clix.to/cp247


updates
january 12, 2006: chris will be on late night with conan o'brien tomorrow, january 13, 2006!
                                             

features



faqs:  why did chris leave snl? is he single? answers to these
                                             questions and more.

bio: learn what chris did before appearing on snl, and how he came
                                             to be on the show

filmography: past movies and tv appearances including his character's
                                             names and episode titles.

photos: pics of chris from snl, television appearances, the groundlings,
                                             and more.

news : info on chris' upcoming appearances in the movies and tv, and
                                             what is going on around snl.

articles: articles and interviews with chris about his work on snl
                                             and more.

lyrics: transcripts from chris' kirsten dunst, britney spears, and
                                             jennifer garner  raps on wu.

join in: cast your vote in the mini poll, or explain why you are a
                                             fan of chris.

mailbag: learn where to write to chris.

links: links leading to other snl and chris fan sites.

contact me: any questions or comments about chris or the site? don't
                                             hesitate to drop me a line.

























































originally established at www.geocities.com/duhkota_87 on july 27th, 2001, and re-established on april 6th, 2002.
i have no affiliation with chris parnell, or saturday night live whatsoever! this is not
                                    an official site. 



















