






b4 christian prayer – we pray powerful prayers daily


































skip to content



b4 christian prayer
we pray powerful prayers daily

menu













ask and you will receive 

 

“and i say unto you, ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.” – luke 11:9
the word of god was written by men that were inspired by god. if we would only simply believe him! the problem is, many of us have not had prayers answered and therefore we’ve had our belief in god undermined.
a lot of what we see in church nowadays are people who just won’t believe god. they say his word and his promises don’t work. well, that is simply religious thinking. and this type of thinking almost always leads to people saying that the problems in their life are there to glorify god.
god loves you
this simply not true. god loves his children and he still answers prayer!
then there is another group of people who say that of course you can ask god for things but sometimes he won’t answer you. it’s as if they are saying he is sometimes faithful and sometimes not.
a common example of this is receiving the baptism of the holy ghost. since not everyone receives it, then these same people claim it’s because its not for everyone.
those who oppose speaking in tongues will quickly open their bible up to 1 corinthians 12:30 and mention the question posed there. the problem comes down to one word, “context”.
the context of that question is about speaking in tongues at church. not everyone is to do that because that would cause confusion as no one would understand what was being said. however, there is a gift of tongues and interpretation that is given as the holy spirit wills which is to be used in the church.
every believer in jesus christ can and should speak with tongues in their own prayer time.
along these same lines, there was even a time when many christians said miracles were done and gone. that it was a thing of the past. however, it wasn’t long ago where there was a world-wide movement of miracles happening which left this group speechless.
god answers prayer
god’s word promises that he answers daily prayers. luke 11:10 couldn’t be any clearer!




for every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened. – luke 11:10


if you look at scriptures like this, it’s as plain as it can get. god the father will simply not say no. those who ask in faith really do receive.
we have all experienced unanswered prayer and it’s not easy to experience. as a result, a lot of people don’t believe in answered prayer. what this boils down to is that people consider their experiences more than faith in god.
let me just make sure that i say that answered prayer comes from praying according to god’s word. i am not saying he is an atm machine that we can just ask whatever we want. if we pray for something that jesus did not acquire for us then it hasn’t been provided for us.
spending time with god is spiritual
the issue lies in people thinking that they can tell where god is in this physical world we live in. but god’s word says he is a spirit. the spiritual realm is real and that is where answers to prayer come from first.
when the answer is released from god, it has to come through the spirit into the natural realm. the natural realm is what we can see, taste, hear, smell and feel.
in the book of daniel it reveals that the instant a prayer is asked an answer is dispatched. whether or not it manifests in one’s life is through faith and patience (hebrews 6:12). the patience is the hard part because the answer can take time to make into the natural realm.
god is faithful
knowing that when you pray god hears you should bring great joy! he is not choosing to answer this one and not the other. god is simply not like that. the lord has a plan for everyone and it is marvelous.
it does come down to praying, believing you receive, and being patient until the answer comes. in the meantime, while you wait, praise god that the answer is on the way!
 


author  prayerwarrior12posted on august 17, 2019september 16, 2020tags prayers 



pray until you see an answer 

 

“pray without ceasing.” – 1 thessalonians 5:17
when we pray, its perfectly okay to pray for someone over and over again. yes, that means one, two, three, four times or more. it really doesn’t matter.
the key is that we must never go back to god and say it didn’t work. the problem is not on god’s end of the line. god is faithful and when you pray according to his will, not yours, he hears you.
the issue comes down to ‘receiving’ the answer if there is no manifestation. there is an issue on the receiving end.
so keep going. keep believing. keep asking god. if you are able in the situation you are praying about, ask god what the hangup is.
keep praying no matter what
don’t let the devil stop you. take a run at him again!
i like to bring up scripture when discussing the word of god. take a look at mark 8:22-26. this is the story about the blind man. notice how even jesus had to pray a few times until the healing came?
it’s time to stir up our faith and believe god that he is faithful and hears our prayers. as jesus said in mark 11:20-25, we must believe we’ve received the answer when we pray before we have it physically manifested!
as you think about how awesome god is and the fact that he has an answer when you pray, you’ll get fired up and excited. your belief in god will go to all new heights.
believing god makes a difference
sometimes if you are praying for someone, you are where you need to be but they are not. they just can’t seem to get over the hill or mountain of unbelief.
that’s okay. stick with them.
it might be a good idea to start out the prayer by exalting god. he is always worthy of praise and glory, but by beginning this way, we take our eyes off the problem and place them on god.
he is much bigger than any problem!




pray and pray again


by structuring your prayer this way it will strengthen your faith and the faith of the person you are praying for. then this time when you pray, there is dynamic power created and sometimes an instant manifestation.
i’ve heard of a woman who asked for prayer for her feet. when the minister prayed for her only one foot was healed. some asked why god would only heal one foot.
the truth is he healed both!
if you ever encounter this simply keep praying until the manifestation comes.
if you can move the enemy only one inch then you have the ability through praying to move him a whole mile!


author  prayerwarrior12posted on august 17, 2019september 16, 2020tags jesus, pray 



the word of god is his will 

 

“and this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask anything according to his will, he heareth us: and if we know that he hears us… we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him” – 1 john 5:14-15
in order for prayer to work and be successful, it must be based on god’s word – the bible.
paul prayed the following prayer for the christians who were at colossae: “i desire that you might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding; that ye might walk worthy of the lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of god” – colossians 1: 9-10



prayer works



if it were not possible for the believers at colossae to be fruitful in every work, paul would not have prayed this prayer. what god instructs he also provides the supernatural ability to accomplish.
it is god’s will for you to walk worthy of him and to be fruitful in every area of your life. fruit produced is a result of successful prayer.
lean on the lord for everything
a person may have numerous degrees and be very well educated but, if they rely on their own accomplishments or abilities, prayer and other godly work will not happen properly.
every christian endeavor must be founded upon ample faithful prayer and spending time in the presence of the lord. as time is spent in god’s presence, the teacher, the holy spirit, will show you things to come and give you direction.
fellowship with god is powerful. as you spend time with him, your confidence in him builds until there is no longer a struggle to believe.
you simply have faith that god will get the task done that you placed in his hands.
you can boldly and confidently go to god, in jesus’ name, and know that god will perform his word on your behalf. as a result, the peace of god will reign in your life and you will see answers to your prayer. 
god’s spiritual weapons ensure victory
      “for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal,but mighty through god to the pulling down of strong holds” – 2 corinthians 10:4
god has given christian believers spiritual weapons. these special weapons help bring answers to prayer.
the two things to take note of are the name of jesus and the word of god.
believing in the name of jesus is the first part of the commandment to the church (1 john 3:23). his name gives you dominion and is the way into the very presence of god.
speak the name of jesus when you pray
the power produced when a believer speaks the name of jesus is immeasurable. the name of jesus is the name above every other name. truthfully, it is the name above every name.
how you are feeling when you pray or the duration of your prayer does not determine the effectiveness of your prayer. all you need is faith, patience, the name of jesus, and god’s word. all these things are evidence that god hears your believing prayers.
the promises within the bible is god’s part of your prayer life. when you pray according to his word, which is his will, you have the answer on your lips as you speak out.
“and this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask anything according to his will, he heareth us: and if we know that he hears us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him” – 1 john 5:14-15. 
the bottom line is that christian prayer, based on god’s word, brings his supernatural power on the scene. coming before god, pleading and begging, hoping everything will work out will not get the job done. you must know within your heart, even before you speak to the lord, that the answer you ultimately seek is in the bible.
if you need prayer, please contact us with a prayer request.
“therefore i say unto you, what things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them” – mark 11:24.


author  prayerwarrior12posted on april 14, 2019september 16, 2020tags praying, word of god 



what to do before prayer? 

prayer is important but even more important is what you do before prayer and thats what this site is all about. the idea of preparing your heart before seeking the lord is imperative. it’s easy to get lost about this idea but that’s why i am here to help.  it’s kinda of like prayer block, really.
eventually, you loosen up and speak to god in prayer like you would to anyone else. i’ll be releasing more info shortly about praying properly. see you again in a little bit.


author  prayerwarrior12posted on march 23, 2019 










b4 christian prayer
privacy policy 
					proudly powered by wordpress				










