







mes english - free printable resources for teachers



















home
flash cards

printable cards
online cards


online resources

flash cards
story cards
character cards
phonics cards
grammar cards
more ...


worksheets
games
certificates
phonics
curriculum









×
home
flashcards
online flashcards
online cards
worksheets
games
certificates
phonics
curriculum
projects
coloring
forums









welcome to mes english, resources for teachers of young learners. all of the resources are designed to be versatile and useful across a broad spectrum of ages and levels. this site hosts: flashcards, worksheets and handouts to match, phonics worksheets, classroom games, projects, and other activities all ready for printing.
  



flash cards:




there are 2,000+ words depicted in flashcards. the vocabulary are provided in 100+ sets covering 60+ themes and i'm adding to them regularly. these are flashcards not clip art. each flashcard set is ready to print and go with matching handouts, powerpoint flashcard presentations, game cards and bingo cards. plenty of cards for supplementing or designing your lesson plans.






worksheets:

there are 2 options for mes worksheets. you can create your own custom worksheets on tools for educators or you can use the ready-to-print worksheets here on mes english.

tools for educators is an mes site that hosts free, online worksheet applications and templates that let you make and print custom materials to suit your classroom. 
      you can make spelling, reading, writing activities, crosswords, wordsearches, mazes and other classroom games using all of the images from mes.



ready-to-print materials: a growing section of mes-english. there are talking worksheets, worksheets for introduction of grammar points, a phonics workbook series, award certificates, clipart to make your own worksheets, song sheets, nursery rhymes and chants cards, and vocabulary building worksheets to match the mes flashcards.





classroom games:

there are 22 versatile, communicative games for the classroom available for printing and a list of 15+ other games to play. these games were designed to be flexible and useful across a broad range of target language and great care was put into making them fun, interesting and student centered.
     many are great for one-on-one. 
    you'll find big town, high town, eigomon, bombs away, treasure island, spiders and candy, get four, the paper game and more. 
    the games were designed around the principle that if the game is just a grammar game, the students will bore quickly. thus, the goals of these games are not "perfect english wins the game," but the students must communicate in the target language to accomplish their goal and win the game. in doing so you'll be surprised how many times they use the language and hopefully perfect/internalize it through repetition.






phonics resources:
mes has 2 options for phonics materials, mes phonics and fun fonix.

mes phonics has flash cards and handouts for presentation. there are alphabet cards, posters and materials to get you started on the right foot with your phonics curriculum.



fun fonix is a 6 part workbook series. the website also has worksheet makers you can use to create custom phonics worksheets and additional activities for your classroom needs.




additional mes resources:
mes english has quite a few other sections with materials or resources for english language teachers and lote teachers as well.
the mes speaking first curriculum is a curriculum designed to focus on speaking and fluency while building phonemic awareness and preparing students for study in a course book. it is a guide for the order and how to use all of the materials you can find through the mes sites.
the international project exchange: there are classroom projects that teachers can download, print the lesson plans, and print projects already completed by students from different countries around the world. teachers complete the projects with their classes, and then share completed projects from around the world with their students.


mes games is a website with online games for students to build vocabulary, practice listening, spelling, grammar and more!



123 listening a website with many different audio downloads and many different worksheets that can be combined to make listening tests or listening exercises for various levels.



mes coloring section  has free printable coloring pages for holidays, alphabet activities, numbers, and other themes from the mes vocabulary flashcards.


what is mes english

mes-english.com is a site containing actual resources, made by myself to be downloaded and used today. this page is not a collection of links to resources, with links to resources, with a collection of links to resources ... (which frustrated me enormously and forced me to make everything myself.) i will try to keep it short, to the point, and help you find what you're looking for fast. you do not have to register but an e-mail letting me know something worked well, was helpful, or with suggestions would be great.
      happy teaching - mark


if you'd like to support mes-english, please consider making a donation: 
    








 





















mes english
certificate templates
printable cards
phonics worksheets
worksheet makers
esl listening



end user license agreement:
            you are free to download any resource from this site as an end user and mes-english.com grants you an end user license with the following restrictions: 
            you may not redistribute, copy, modify, transfer, transmit, repackage, charge for or sell any of the materials from this site. 
            you may use photocopies or printouts for distribution to your students. 
            mes reserves the right to terminate or make changes to this agreement for any reason and without notice.
        


copyright © 2005 - 2025 mes english |
            restrictions |
            privacy |
            about | 
            contact






