


 the nobel prize internet archive 




























2024 nobel prize winnershave been announced here





welcome to the nobel prize internet archive.

you can click on any nobel category icon below
(literature,
physics,
chemistry,
peace,
economics, or 
physiology & medicine)
to see an annotated, hyperlinked list of all nobel laureates
in that category.
and while you are at it, do not forget to check out the 
ig nobel prizes too!








the nobel prize archive is fully interactive.
if you have an interesting and useful internet link 
about a particular nobel laureate,
you can add your link instantly
to that laureate's home page here at the archive.
we encourage you to add links as often as you like.
the educational value of this archive
depends on the contributions and resourcefulness of its users.
want to try it out?
why not roll the dice, and start with a 
random nobel link!?..



...or use the quick search box below to quickly find exactly what you want!








[literature]

[physiology & medicine]

[economics]

[physics]

[chemistry]

[peace]



and here are some more nobel prize-related goodies...

the ig nobel prizesby the annals of improbable research

why the nobel prize in mathematics does not exist

link to a randomly selected nobel laureate

latest nobel news bytes

1995 nobel prizes

1996 nobel prizes

 alphabetical index of all nobel laureates

the nobel trivia quiz!

exclusive interview with a nobel laureate






recipients in physics and chemistry
are named by the royal swedish academy of sciences;
those in economics by the central bank of sweden;
those in physiology and medicine by the
karolinska institute;
those in literature by the 
swedish academy;
and those who contribute to peace
by the norwegian nobel committee appointed by 
norway's parliament. 




[ find out what others are saying about the nobel prize internet archive ]







the nobel prize internet archive is not affiliated with the nobel foundation.

this site is best viewed with the netscape navigator web browser.

comments to us,

copyright © 1996-2024 ona wu. all rights reserved.












