


 



jiaogulan - jiaogulan







































































 



































0









what is jiaogulan?
jiaogulan history
jiaogulan benefits
where to buy jiaogulan?
jiaogulan testimonials
contact
 







































0























 



 



 















jiaogulan, the new ginseng
doctors are saying that jiaogulan is like ginseng only better. both ginseng and jiaogulan share many saponins. saponins have a strong effect on our body’s regulatory systems, such as blood pressure and the immune system as well as the reproductive and nervous systems. however, jiaogulan has 82 saponins while ginseng only has 28. jiaogulan not only has all the major saponins found in ginseng but also an additional unique form of saponins called gypenosides that are found only in jiaogulan. jiaogulan has the highest number of saponins found in any one plant in nature.

  
both jiaogulan and ginseng are very similar in function. for example, out of the 82 gypenosides of jiaogulan, 4 of them are exactly the same as the ginsenosides in ginseng. gypenosides number 3, 4, 8, and 12 are exactly the same as the ginsenosides rb1, rb3, rd and f2 respectively. a study at the vanderbilt university in germany demonstrated that jiaogulan was 82% effectiveness in treating high blood pressure, while ginseng only showed a 42% effectiveness in lowering high blood pressure. jiaogulan differs from ginseng in that most herbalists offer a caution to people with high blood pressure to avoid higher doses of ginseng. whereas with jiaogulan there are no such restrictions.


jiaogulan has also been shown to be more effective in regulating the cardiovascular system. jiaogulan has a profound effect on the heart muscle increasing the stroke volume, without raising the heart rate. this means that the heart muscle does not have to work as hard to produce the same amount of blood flow. in this regard jiaogulan also proved to be more effective than ginseng. in a study on dogs who were administered jiaogulan, it was found that the coronary flow was raised and the heart rate lowered. in the same study a comparison was made between ginseng and jiaogulan and gypenosides, found only in jiaogulan, were shown to be more potent.

benefitscholestrol jiaogulan helps maintain healthy cholesterol levels.stress management jiaogulan helps decrease the harmful effects of stress.blood pressure jiaogulan helps maintain healthy blood pressure levels.reduce fatigue jiaogulan helps reduce fatigue.immunity jiaogulan helps boost the strength of the immune system.energy and stamina jiaogulan helps increase energy and stamina.what is jiaogulan?
jiaogulan is a herb native to china and thailand, where it grows abundantly in the wild as a vine. this herb which is known by the locals as the “herb of immortality” is known as such because of it anti-aging properties and the extremely long life-spans of those who consume this wonderful plant.  jiaogulan is traditionally taken as a tea, however in recent years the active ingredient (gypenosides) which has been the subject of research world-wide, has now been extracted and is available in capsule form. jiaogulan is known as an adaptogen for its ability to help the body adapt to any and all circumstances.  all adaptogens – including ginkgo biloba and ginseng, restore balance to the body’s immune system. they are so rare that only 1 in every 4000 plants is known as an adaptogen. unlike modern pharmaceutical drugs, jiaogulan has no adverse side effects. today it is the most powerful adaptogen available on the market.

read moreget the free jiaogulan ebook.
available for download now!
“nine years ago i read about a region in southern china where the people enjoy an extraordinary, active life span of 100 years or more.”

download now













have a question?
 











 




δdisclaimer:
the information and statements contained on this site have not been evaluated by the fda and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease, disorder, pain, injury or physical and mental conditions.

 


















 






© 2020 jagulana enterprises. all rights reserved. 





























what is jiaogulan?
jiaogulan history
jiaogulan benefits
where to buy jiaogulan?
jiaogulan testimonials
contact
 






 










  enter yourtext here    


















































login to jiaogulan









login
lost password?

 




reset password
enter the username or e-mail you used in your profile. a password reset link will be sent to you by email.






get new password


already have an account?								login


 







 
 



























