



  



the human life review  human life review - intellectual backbone of pro-life movement


























































































blog    |    subscribe   |    free trial   |    contact us    |    cart  |    donate    |    planned giving log in | search 

 



 


— main menu —current - summer/fall 2024 – 50th anniversary issue pdf
- the human life review collection page
- newsworthy: what’s happening and what it means to you
- blog
- pastoral reflections
- about us
dinner - great defender of life dinner 2024: new media added!
- great defender of life  50th anniversary dinner ticket 2024
- great defender of life  50th anniversary dinner table for ten ticket 2024
- great defender of life 2024 young adult / pregnancy center staffer tickets
- host committee great defender of life dinner 2024
- dinner journal advertising 2024
- archive: great defender of life dinner 2023
archive - archive spotlight
- issues in html format
legacy - planned giving: wills, trusts, and gifts of stock
shop - cart
current

summer/fall 2024 – 50th anniversary issue pdf
the human life review collection page
newsworthy: what’s happening and what it means to you
blog
pastoral reflections
about us


dinner

great defender of life dinner 2024: new media added!
great defender of life  50th anniversary dinner ticket 2024
great defender of life  50th anniversary dinner table for ten ticket 2024
great defender of life 2024 young adult / pregnancy center staffer tickets
host committee great defender of life dinner 2024
dinner journal advertising 2024
archive: great defender of life dinner 2023


archive

archive spotlight
issues in html format


legacy

planned giving: wills, trusts, and gifts of stock


shop

cart


 


 
 







newsworthy: john m. grondelskinewsworthy: the us rejects ‘international right to abortion.’ surrogacy should be nextnewsworthy: bernadette patelnewsworthy: after teenager is coerced into abortion, new york shields abortionists from liabilityblog: chris rostenbergnotes on pro-choice disinformation pastoral reflections: david poeckingpro-life integritynewsworthy:  jacqueline o'haratrump unravels biden-era abortion extremismblog: jason morgantwinned injusticespastoral reflections:  rev. w. ross blackburnmakers of mennewsworthy: eva cooleya symphony of hope: reflections on the march for lifeblog: diane moriartyhitting the snooze button on the biological clockpastoral reflections: rev. paul t. stallsworththe church’s countercultural marynewsworthy: madeline fry schultztrump pardons 23 pro-life activistsnewsworthy: matt lambnew jersey governor stockpiles abortion drugs in case trump restricts themsummer/fall 2024 full issue50th anniversary issueblog: john grondelskithe taming of the ultrasoundnewsworthy: jacqueline o'harathomas more society petitions trump administration to pardon activists convicted under face actpastoral reflections: rev. victor lee austinwhen a monk diesbuy coffee, save livescheck out our new partnership with 7 weeks coffee!truth and reason in defense of life 




318,158 people have visited this page.  94 have visited this page today.newsworthynewsworthy: the us rejects ‘international right to abortion.’ surrogacy should be next14 feb 2025john grondelskiban surrogacy, geneva consensus declaration  the united states rejoined the geneva consensus declaration on jan. 24. what’s that, you ask?  the declaration is a statement, originally sponsored by the united states in 2020, that was eventually endorsed by 35-plus countries. its signatories declare that they support...  read more →newsworthy: after teenager is coerced into abortion, new york shields abortionists from liability12 feb 2025bernadette pateldr. margaret carpenter, nys shield law  new york gov. kathy hochul last week signed into law a bill to protect abortionists. the passage of the law, which will allow physicians to remove their names from prescriptions for abortion-inducing drugs, is in response to a grand jury indictment of dr. margaret...  read more →1234next ›last »blog1 commentnotes on pro-choice disinformation 11 feb 2025chris rostenbergabortion disinformation  pro-choicers claim that “science does not know when life begins.” the conceptus, they say, is “a parasite or a tumor,” or “a potential life, part of the woman’s body.” this is not true. the term “fertilized egg” is shorthand for a single-celled human being that has a sex...  read more →1234next ›last »pastoral reflections0 commentpro-life integrity10 feb 2025david poeckingchrisitan pro-life witness, pro-life integrity    persuasive people are logical, passionate—and credible. and undergirding credibility is the virtue of integrity. if prolifers want to win people over to the pro-life cause, we should be in the habit of building and repairing our own integrity. a lack of integrity...  read more →1234next ›last »era new york state explainer8 commentsnew york state’s equal rights amendment: a revolutionary camel10 jun 2024donald p. berens jr.equal rights amendment    a camel is a horse designed by a committee. once a camel gets its nose into your tent, the rest of its body will soon follow, thus wrecking your tent. [1]   introduction rushed through the nys legislature with little public debate,[2] an “equal righ...  read more →current issuenew issue onlineclick to read!humanizethe blog and podcast of wesley j. smithread/listensign up here!join us!join nowfor email newsletters you can trust.
donate nowthe focus of civilized discussion of the abortion issueour mission is to give the readers the tools to have a "civilized discussion" about many issues related to the life issues, most notably abortion. further the continuation of our cause by donating to a highly reputable life-affirming organizationdonate nowarchive spotlightshould we “harvest” fetal tissue?last summer, a medical ethicist received an unusual phone call from a woman whose...  read more →the odd couple: freedom and liberty“my chief hope for the future is that the common people have not parted company with...  read more →fatal tissue: the horror and the lurethe history of the natural sciences has two themes, one, the formation of their...  read more →archive spotlight: “hidden roots” by harold o.j. brownharold o. j. brown, ph.d., was a long-time human life review contributor, an...  read more →1234567 
 
 
 
 





issues
human life foundation blog
about us
free trial issue
contact us
shop
planned giving
annual human life foundation dinner

follow us on twitter
follow @humanlifereviewfind us on facebook

human life review/foundationsearch our website







contact information the human life foundation, inc.
the human life review
271 madison avenue, room 1005
new york, new york 10016
(212) 685-5210

 
 




								copyright (c)  the human life foundation.							





 
 
 








































