



 



devices and software for diagnostics and treatment for alternative medicine. best price.
























navigation














information

testimonials
frequency therapy cases
 faq
 subscribe 





methods

 acupuncture
 acupuncture diagnosis
 acupuncture software
 su-jok acupuncture
 digital meridian imaging
 electro meridian imaging
 meridian analysis system
 meridian diagnostics
 meridian imaging system
 electro meridian imaging
 meridian testing
 seed therapy
 su-jok & tcm - open point
 color therapy
 frequency therapy
 magnetic therapy
 bioresonance
 ryodoraku diagnostics
 ryodoraku therapy
 ryodoraku acupuncture devices
 ryodoraku diagnosis
 sujok diagnostics
vega test
eav ( dr.voll )





software & device


devices

biopulse-pro
biopulse-tc
biopulse-8c



software

online ryodoraku portal 
color therapy 1.0
meridian testing program 2.0
eav 2.1
tcm pro v.1.0
medical frequency software 3.1
reflexology (zone) v.1.0 
ear (auricular ) v.1.0
su-jok 6ki 
su-jok pro 2.0
biopulse pro 1.0 
mobile app 
doctor - client 
herbal 1.0
open point  







be a partner




contact































price


languages

english
español
russian


















 biopulse pro - acupuncture points screening, color therapy and frequency therapy device. 
allows to screen acupuncture points based on ryodoraku method and promotes body balancing with color and frequency therapies.  
				
				








what  biopulse pro can do? 
acupuncture points screening with bluetooth technology and program on your pc and smartphone/tablet.

						









subscribe for our news! 
we will run sometimes generous specials. be updated with our news, special offers and discounts
subscribe











most  popular






















su-jok pro 2.0
ask and read comments
features of clients’ tab: it is possible to add a new client or edit or delete information on
                            existing client. with the help of a client’s id or name, last name, city, phone, date of birth,
                            email you can search for a necessary client within software’s database. a user can add the
                            client's picture in the card.

                            testing 5 elements su-jok points.

                            expanded testing of 120 points and shorten 24 points. inbuilt color therapy functions.
                            viewing measurement results.

                            3d images of disbalances in body.
                            task scheduler.
                            enquirer form. comparison charts. print out.

                            recommendations on color therapy, needles, magnets based on test results.
                            open point automatical calculation. the software can be supplied with any language.






























ryodoraku (biopulse pro 1.0 )
ask and read comments

ryodoraku module:

testing of points according to chinese acupuncture. 4 graph viewing styles, ratios calculation.  view potential symptomatology of disbalanced meridians. built in frequency and color therapy functions

eav (dr.voll) testing: 



a user can test acupuncture points according to dr. voll and it is possible to test homoeopathy remedies, vials.    
 when measuring a point, the software gets the maximal value of the point,  
 gets the maximal value of the point, then indicates an indicator drop and the second it happens.
 
 
vega test module: 


shows the maximal value of the point, indicator drop and it second, the difference between the initial and drop value. it is possible to introduce names of the vials/nozodes into the software for subsequent usage.  

print window enables you to print out the information about the points you tested, name, last name of your patient. you can also preview the information you are going to print out.

















sales geography

                        russia, usa, israel, south africa, ukraine, canada, spain, italy, brazil, portugal, latvia, paraquay,
                         india, lebanon, france, ireland, lithuania, mexico, sweden, australia, norway, slovenija, belgium,
                         romania, uae, pakistan, united kingdom, thailand, hong kong, taiwan, china, malaysia, greece, hungary,
                         turkey, panama, poland, phillipines, germany, slovakija, gibraltar, palestine, puerto rico, singapore













other software
















                            online ryodoraku portal
                        









online ryodoraku portal enables a user to enter measurement results of ryodoraku examination manually and view a graph with meridian imbalances.
                                    



read more













                            color therapy 1.0
                        









sets color generating list. generates the color from 1 to 30 hz.
                                    




read more











                            meridian testing program 2.0
                        









makes ryodoraku measurements on tcm and su-jok points. displays test results in 4 various charts.
                                    provides comparison graphs, symptoms, ratios, print out. the software can be supplied with any
                                    language.
                                    



read more












                            eav 2.1
                        









manages clients database. conducts examination of basic meridian points according to dr. voll
                                    remedies test. inbuilt vega test function. heel hopeopathy remedies base. comparison charts.
                                    print out.
                                    



read more












                            biopulse pro 1.0
                        









the program consists from the diagnostics and treatment modules such as:  tcm (chinese acupuncture), su jok (korean hand acupuncture), 
								eav (dr.voll), vega test, zone (reflexology), akabane, color therapy, frequency therapy. a user can choose and pay only  selected modules.
                                    



read more












                            medical frequency software 3.1
                        









performs correction by frequency therapy influence. can work from pc's sound card, frequency
                                    range from 20 hz to 20 khz if generated through the device, range is 1hz-30khz,
                                    



read
                                    more












                            herbal 1.0
                        









choose from a list to test herbs, medicines, nutritional supplements, etc. add your list to the program.
                                    



read
                                    more












                            reflexology (zone) v.1.0
                        









manages client database. enables to add any picture to create own test protocol. inbuilt color
                                    and frequency therapy functions. viewing treatment results. comparison charts. print out. the
                                    software can be supplied with any language.
                                    



read more













                            ear (auricular ) v.1.0
                        









manages client database. provides points and diseases reference. inbuilt color and frequency
                                    therapy functions. viewing treatment results. comparison charts. print out. the software can be
                                    supplied with any language.
                                    



read more













                            su-jok 6ki
                        









manages client database. testing 5 elements and 6ki su-jok points. inbuilt color therapy
                                    functions. comparison charts. print out.
                                    



read more














                            su-jok pro 2.0 
                        









- to conduct examinations of 24 and 120 points (5 points on each meridian);
- to reveal imbalance of energetics state using a graph summary of meridians examination.
- to compare several tests with each other to see how your physiological responses changed and monitor dynamics.
                                    



read more













                            doctor - client
                        









the program doctor-client allows a doctor to work with patients distantly 
								(to have diagnostic data and suggest treatment with color and frequency therapies).
                                    



read more












                            su-jok open point 2.0
                        









automatical calculation of open point for su-jok method. displays points for color, magnets and
                                    needles. works independently from the device.
                                    



read more













                           mobile  app 
                        









 mobile app programs for device biopulse pro.
                                    



read more




























about us





association of alternative medicine manufactures devices and develops software for alternative medicine.
    					we also conduct educational courses and seminars on alternative medicine diagnostic and treatment methods.














best sellers






during last 12 months the following software were the most popular: eav v.2.1, tcm pro v.1.0 and  sujok pro v.2.0  

the most frequent customers are from italy, india, usa 










contact







our headquaters office is located on a sunny island in spain, tenerife.
















 +34 608 920 820
 whatsapp,
 viber,telegram















biopulse.org@gmail.com
















skype thinkhowme 
















 	 |      
							privacy policy  | 
					  return & refund policy  | 
					terms and conditions  | 
























































