






daintree rainforest

















menu







enquiry





contact





photos





videos





news






                            212 reviews                        



 









 




daintree rainforest experiences in the daintree 




offersfind deals








 













                                home
                            



                                    offers
                                



                                    tours from cairns                                



                                    tours from port douglas                                



                                    great barrier reef                                



                                    self drive tours                                



                                    river cruises                                



                                    walks                                








accommodationriver cruiseswalks & trailswildlifeplant life getting theredaintree villagedaintree river












book now pay latercancel free







160




                daintree, cape tribulation & 4wd bloomfield track tour            

take a day trip from cairns or port douglas to cruise the daintree river and explore the cape tribulation rainforest. you'll have free time at cape tribulation to take a guided walk and drive the 4wd-only bloomfield track.



 
                    4.8                

106 customer reviews
                




                                                                    instant book 



from $229.00 













book now pay latercancel free







236




                cape trib & daintree discovery            

get ready to tick one off the bucket list with this full day tour. see where the rainforest meets the reef at cape tribulation and join a guided walk through the lush world heritage listed daintree rainforest.



 
                    4.7                

28 customer reviews
                




                                                                    instant book 



from $271.00 













book now pay latercancel free







185




                river drift experience            

river drift is a 3.5 hour half day experience departing from port douglas & mossman. enjoy drifting under a rainforest canopy and learning about the environment on this eco-friendly tour.



 
                    4.9                

12 customer reviews
                




                                                                    instant book 



from $145.00 













book now pay latercancel free







173




                mossman gorge adventure day            

the mossman gorge adventure day is an 8-hour tour that includes a traditional kuku yalanji smoking ceremony, a walk beneath giant rainforest trees, wildlife searches, and a river drift experience. 



 
                    4.8                

2 customer reviews
                




                                                                    instant book 



from $270.00 













book now pay latercancel free







53




                daintree river dawn cruise            

the daintree boatman dawn cruise provides the ideal conditions to see the daintree river system and wildlife. 



 
                    4.9                

1 customer reviews
                




                                                                    instant book 



from $72.00 













book now pay latercancel free







60




                daintree river afternoon cruise            

2 hour late afternoon cruise on the daintree river in a small comfortable boat to see stunning scenery and wildlife. crocodiles, snakes and highly sought-after birds are seen on most cruises.



 
                    4.8                

1 customer reviews
                




                                                                    instant book 



from $72.00 













book now pay latercancel free







109




                cape tribulation, daintree & wildlife            

hand feed famous australian animals at the wildlife habitat. experience the daintree rainforest with a river cruise, cape tribulation beach and a swim at mason's freshwater swimming hole. 
carbon-neutral tour experience.





 
                    4.6                

2 customer reviews
                




                                                                    instant book 



from $239.00 













book now pay latercancel free







250




                ocean safari reef trip            

ocean safari offers an exhilarating ride to snorkel the pristine untouched great barrier reef off the daintree coast at cape tribulation.



 
                    4.8                

5 customer reviews
                




                                                                    instant book 



from $197.00 




show more offers 




                watch daintree rainforest  videos            


 



see videos








 





 





 





 





 





previous



next









                about daintree rainforest            




                                the daintree rainforest                            





the daintree rainforest located in tropical north queensland, australia is over 135 million years old, making it the oldest rainforest in the world. 
the largest rainforest in australia, the daintree rainforest is over 1,200 square kilometres and is home to many animal and plant species not found anywhere else in the world.
the daintree rainforest is a popular day trip destination from cairns and port douglas. visit mossman gorge, experience a croc cruise on the daintree river, cross the river on the ferry and travel to cape tribulation. you can even visit the great barrier reef from cape tribulation with ocean safari. 





                                daintree river cruises                            





 
taking a cruise on the daintree river, located north of port douglas, gives you an intimate rainforest experience with the flora and fauna in this world heritage protected region.  the daintree rainforest is one of the largest in australia and one of the oldest rainforests in the world, estimated at over 135 million years old.  stretching over 1,200 square hectares, you will find animal and plant species that call the daintree home, not found anywhere else in the world.
daintree river cruises are operated by eco-certified low fuel consuming river vessels that produce no wash, helping to protect the environment, so people like yourself and generations to come can appreciate this amazing part of the world.  this also includes limiting the number of licensed river cruise operators.
spotting a saltwater crocodile amongst the river banks or mangroves is definitely the highlight of the daintree river cruise.  seeing these ancient reptiles in their natural environment is much more exciting than at a zoo and what a great photo opportunity!  other animals you may encounter include hundreds of tropical bird species such as the great-billed heron and kingfishers, tree kangaroos, possums, cassowaries and goannas.  cruises are operated by informative tour guides ready to answer any questions, while you relax and enjoy the scenic ride on the daintree river.





                                walks & trails in the daintree                            





for hiking enthusiasts, the daintree rainforest provides a wilderness experience that ranks as one of the most exotic and challenging in the world. when hiking in this area it is vital to bring ample supplies of drinking water to combat the intense tropical humidity. 
myall beach to cape tribulation beach
one and a half hour round trip
from myall beach (accessed from cape tribulation village along a gravel track and wooden boardwalk through the mangroves) walk for a kilometre towards the cape until you reach a small creek. it is wise to cross this creek at low tide, because it can be quite deep and will saturate your boots at the very start of the hike. not something you want to do.
200 metres past the creek is a sign pointing to cape tribulation beach. this track leads into the rainforest and over the cape tribulation headland. the hike concludes at the cape tribulation beach car park. returning to myall beach is a simple matter of retracing your steps through the rainforest, or walking back along the road until you reach cape tribulation village.
dubiji boardwalk
one hour round trip
at the cape tribulation park is a sign pointing to the dubuji car park. from here, the 1.8 kilometre dubiji boardwalk meanders through the rainforest and mangroves with informative signs along the way telling stories about the plants and animals living in the area.
the boardwalk is circular, so you will return to the car park at the end of the walk.
mardja botanical walk
half an hour
at the south of cape tribulation, a path leads through the rainforest with informative signs posted along the way. the boardwalk reaches oliver creek, home of crocodiles, birds and other tropical creatures. this boardwalk is often inundated with tourists who arrive in buses, so if you want to avoid the rush it is best to make this walk early in the morning or late in the afternoon.
mount sorrow ridge
six hours return trip
this is the challenging hike in the daintree area. the mount sorrow ridge hike leads high into the mountains behind cape tribulation, offering wonderful views of the area. the hike begins at the national park office at cape tribulation. the office will have detailed maps of the area that show where the hike leads. please note this is a challenging hike and is not for the faint hearted.





                                getting to the daintree rainforest                            





most travellers to north queensland have heard about the famous daintree rainforest.  this world heritage listed rainforest has a good walking trail that starts at mossman gorge only 1 hour and 30 minutes drive from cairns or 25 minutes from port douglas. 

alternatively you could drive a little further and visit the daintree village.  this little hub has some daintree river cruises and a couple of little cafe's.

or, for the more adventurous you may decide to go directly to cape tribulation.  you will need to follow the signs to cape tribulation and the daintree river ferry after mossman. we suggest you allow 2 hours and 30 minutes to drive to cape tribulation from cairns and over 1 hour from port douglas. 

the daintree river ferry operates from 6am to midnight daily.  it is possible to take a conventional vehicle to cape tribulation.
the daintree river ferry concession cards are now available for purchase by eligible residents at the cairns regional council mossman service centre 64-66 front street, mossman. for any enquiries please contact customer service on (07) 4099 9444.
for tourists arriving at cairns airport or cruise ship terminal, car hire offers the freedom to travel and explore in your own time and an opportunity to see and do more than an in organised tours. 
 





                                daintree river ferry                            





the daintree river ferry, 50km north of port douglas, is the only way to cross the river. it operates on a cable system and is capable of taking up to 16 vehicles across the river at a time. the trip from the south bank to the north bank of the river takes about 5 minutes. this is the only cable ferry operating in a world heritage area in the world.
the daintree ferry makes its first crossing for the day at 6am and doesn't rest until midnight. this pattern is repeated seven days a week. 
the daintree ferry is the only means of crossing the river; therefore visitors are warned to expect delays. with over 400,000 visitors per year using this ferry to enter the world heritage area, this is a major undertaking for the operators.
daintree ferry prices (updated july 2021)
motor car & utilities
$23 | one way
$39 | return 
motor bikes
$10 | one way
$17 | return
bicycles & pedestrians
$3 | one way
$4 | return






                                daintree river                            


the daintree river is the great dividing river that separates the daintree rainforest from the rest of the world. passing over the river is a symbolic entry into the beautiful tropical forest, and it feels as though you are entering a unique and ancient place.
the daintree river is home to a dazzling array of tropical life. it supports saltwater and freshwater marine life, including the dreaded saltwater crocodile. there have been numerous reports of deaths in the daintree river from crocodile attacks, so it is important not to step close to the riverbank and absolutely never swim in the river.
the mouth of the daintree river opens onto a giant sandbar that shifts with each changing tide. due to the ever-shifting deep centre of the sandbar, entering the daintree river has always been a problem for ship captains. the river winds through thick mangrove swamps where the water remains very salty. as it progresses through the rainforest, the water turns fresh. at this convergence point, an abundance of wildlife congregate, particularly fish.





                                wildlife in the daintree                            





similar to the plants in the daintree rainforest, this area is home to the greatest concentration of animal species that are rare, or threatened with extinction, anywhere in the world.
estuarine crocodile
one of the most well known animals living in the daintree rainforest area is the estuarine crocodile. this creature has been the bane of many explores and settlers in the region during the past 100 years, and it continues to be a threat to visitors to the daintree who are unaware of the dangers associated with swimming among them.
the crocodile is from the reptile family, and has a cold-blood system which means it needs to regulate it's own body temperature closely. for this reason, it is common to see a saltwater crocodile lying still with its mouth gaping - a cooling process to maintain body temperature between 30 and 32 degrees celsius.
a crocodile feeds upon prey with sudden fury. it will normally wait near the riverbank, very still, and pounce upon unsuspecting prey in a rapid movement. the victim is thrashed into submission, and dragged underwater where it is stashed underneath a ledge or some other obtrusion from the river. the victim is then left to soften for a few days before the crocodile returns to have a feast.
the crocodile will eat anything including smaller animals such as fish, crabs and insects. meals also include larger animals such as turtles, birds, reptiles, dingoes, wallabies, domestic cattle, and people if you're careless.
the temperature at which a crocodile egg is kept determines the sex of the baby crocodile. if the egg is kept at 31.6 degrees celsius it will be male. any other temperature and the baby crocodile will be a female.
please note that the estuarine crocodile became a protected species in 1970 due to overly aggressive hunting by humans. it is illegal to injure or kill a crocodile.
cassowary
a 1993 csiro survey found that the number of cassowary birds in the daintree rainforest had fallen to an alarming amount of 54. the species that had once been strong had been reduced by unnatural threats to its habitat including collisions with vehicles, accidental trappings intended for feral pigs, and killings by dogs. as a result, the cassowary is listed as an endangered species. however, it is making a comeback. recent estimates put the population over 500 - a significant jump in numbers since 1993.
the cassowary is vital to the wet tropics region throughout far north queensland because it provides a role of seed disperser for over 100 species of rainforest plants with large fruits. without the cassowary, these plants would be concentrated around a parent plant and would not spread throughout the rainforest ecosystem.
the skin on the cassowary's head is pale blue, becoming darker further down the neck. two swinging red wattles hang at the front of the neck with an orange patch on the back of the neck. the body is black.
the cassowary's feet have three large toes, with a spike on each foot up to 120mm long. the female cassowary is larger and more attractive than the male. average size of the bird is 1.75 meters high.
the cassowary is flightless and is normally quite shy. however, if the bird is agitated in any way - such as being cornered in a small area, or if any animal including human approaches it's nest - it will lash out violently with its sharp claws. serious injury can result, so avoidance of these large birds is recommended. if you see a cassowary, do not turn and run away from it. instead, face the bird and back away slowly. do not feed the cassowary either.
insects
the daintree rainforest is home to millions of insects. to experience the feeding patterns of the insects, simply wander into a cool shady part of the forest without wearing any insect repellent.
golden orb spider
don't worry; the golden orb spider is totally harmless to humans. it may look scary, but it's actually a very passive creature. the body of the spider is only 1-2 millimetres in diameter, however the legs grow to make the spider up to the size of a spread hand.
the leg joints are golden in colour. the web these spiders weave is vast in scope. they can be several metres across, and are often built at head level on hiking trails - a wonderful experience for visitors to the area!
rufous owl
usually only seen at night, the rufous owl is more dangerous than it looks. weighing up to 1.3 kgs, it is capable of swooping upon the nests of other birds and stealing youngsters for its nightly meal. visitors are unlikely to see the owl during the day, so a nocturnal tour is the best option.
musky rat-kangaroo
is it a rat, or is it a kangaroo? maybe this animal should be called a kangarat.
this small creature feeds on the leaves, insects and fallen fruits. it is most active in the early morning and late afternoon, avoiding the intense tropical heat of midday. its sleeping bed is found among the root systems of large trees, padded with fallen leaves.
the musky rat-kangaroo gets its name from the way it moves along the ground - half kangaroo jump and half rodent walk. the creature begins a hop forward by extending the forelegs, and then it brings the hind legs forward. this is an effective way of traversing the uneven ground of the rainforest.
feral pigs
this introduced animal is blamed for many environmental problems in the daintree rainforest. the large pigs thrash through the rainforest with brute strength, eating large quantities of native trees and animals. they spread the root-rot fungus with their hoofs, and contribute to the spread of exotic seeds and worms. the feral pigs are declared a pest by national parks authorities, which estimate the population of pigs at 3 per square kilometre.
azure kingfisher
the azure kingfisher is one of eleven kingfishers in australia, and is commonly seen in the daintree rainforest. frequent contact with humans means the birds will come within 2-3 meters of visitors. it has azure blue wings, with an orange breast.
ulysses butterfly
the ulysses butterfly is an icon of tropical northern australia. it has spectacular large iridescent metallic-blue wings that can be seen from a great distance.
witchetty grub
not a particularly beautiful animal, the witchetty grub was an important source of ‘bush tucker' in years past. it lives underneath the bark of large gum trees, and resembles a thick worm. it is white in colour and is high in protein - a yummy treat for the adventurous of stomach.
spotted cuscus
the cuscus is very similar to a sloth - and has about the same vigour and energy too. it is a very shy nocturnal mammal that sleeps most of the day perched on a tree branch.
the body of the spotted cuscus is covered in tan fur, with spots of chestnut and black on the back. it has reddish-brown legs and a small round face with small eyes. the animals can be up to 80 cm long.
the unique feature that enables the spotted cuscus to cling upside down to tree branches is its "two-thumbed" hands. the innermost toe is opposable, creating an ideal grabbing tool.
bandicoot 
visitors to the daintree rainforest often mistake the bandicoot for a tiny kangaroo because they hop around on their hind legs. they grow to about 30 centimetres in length, with fur that ranges in colour from orange, grey, brown, or striped.
you normally only see bandicoots at night, as they are a nocturnal creature and spend the daylight hours hiding in crevices, logs or tunnels.
sugar glider
the name for the sugar glider comes from the fact that they glide through the air and feed on sweet things like honey and sugar.
they are silvery blue grey in colour with a dark stripe on the back. their body length is around 200mm.
goanna
goannas are huge lizards that can be seen high in trees, scampering along the ground, swimming over creeks, and leaping from branch to branch.
the goanna forages for food among leaves on the ground, usually eating insects, spiders, scorpions, centipedes and even small mammals.
goannas can run quickly on their hind legs and will rear up in a two-legged posture when threatened.
white lipped tree frog
the white lipped tree frog is one of the largest variety of tree frog, reaching up to 14 centimetres in length. it is predominantly green in colour, with a white stripe covering its lower lip. it lives throughout the daintree rainforest wherever there is a water supply and plenty of shade.
the mating call is similar to a dog's bark.





                                plant life in the daintree                            






the diversity, intricacy and age of plant species in the daintree rainforest are greater than any other ecosystem in australia, and many places around the world. the area is home to the greatest concentration of plant species that are rare, or threatened with extinction, anywhere in the world.
the daintree rainforests is home to one of the highest populations of primitive flowering plants in the world. of 19 primitive plant families on earth, 12 are found in the daintree. a similar number of primitive families are found in all the rainforests of south america, including the amazon rainforest. these ancient plant families may hold secrets to a number of unanswered questions regarding the origins of the flowering plants - plants on which the human race depends for food and medicines.
of australia's 36 mangrove species, 28 are found in the daintree region.
every plant in the rainforest is placed in relation to other plants to serve a special role. many plants cannot survive without the characteristics of another plant along side it.
it is impossible to list every plant and tree species in the daintree rainforest, so only a few notable plants are listed here. needless to say, a great appreciation of the scope and variety of life in this part of the world can only be gained by visiting to the area itself.
idiot fruit
one of the most primitive of all the flowering plants in the daintree rainforest, this uniquely named plant was discovered only recently in 1970.
this plant has a quirky history relating to its discovery.
four cattle belonging to local farmer john nicholas from the daintree tea company were unexpectedly found dead in their paddock. a veterinary officer was summoned to check the reasons for the death of the four cattle, and while he was at the property he witnessed the death of two more. autopsies revealed the partly chewed remains of large seeds in the cattle's stomachs. after scientific examination, it was found that that the seeds produced a poison similar to strychnine, and they were responsible for the death of the cattle. these seeds were from the idiot fruit.
blue quandongs
this is a giant of the rainforest. the blue quandon is an integral part of the rainforest canopy layer, hiding the sun from plants below it. it has a blue fruit about 3cm in diameter.
burrawang palm
a member of the cycad family, this palm produces highly toxic seeds.
wild ginger
members of the ginger family often contain poison, so an intricate knowledge of the types of ginger plants is required before attempting to eat any. this ginger grows up to six metres high, and is occasionally used to supplement drinking water for hikers who are thirsty. by chopping the ginger near the ground, water will drain out of the stem.
wait-a-while vine
watch out for these vines when hiking through the rainforest. the thin strands of vine are covered with small spikes that grab clothing, rip at skin, and generally tear up anything that comes within reach of them. the vines hang from large trees to the rainforest floor and can be gathered in thick clumps in places.
stinging tree
this is a tree to be avoided at all costs. any cost.
it has large leaves that look harmless, but they are covered with thousands of microscopic pricks that embed themselves into skin if touched. and these little blighters itch like crazy. so just remember not  to touch them because you'll go through a lot of pain and trouble!





                                daintree village                            





daintree village was originally a settlement created in the 1870's by timber-cutters and is now an unspoilt oasis in the midst of some of the loveliest and most varied scenery in the far north of queensland. today low-impact tourism and sustainable cattle- and tropical fruit-farming in the beautiful valleys beyond the village form the lifeblood of this laid-back little township with all it's charm of yesteryear.
daintree village was the base for timber-cutters who came to log the red cedar which once flourished in the area. today the timber industry is long-gone but there is an interesting timber gallery, featuring beautiful work by a local craftsman.
the village hosts a number of restaurants, artists' studios, locally-created souvenirs and picnic areas complete with free electric barbeque and picnic table. there are guided walks, river cruises and an exciting 8wd argo tour.
crocodile express
the mighty daintree river flows past the village and is home to many estuarine crocodiles which are frequently spotted from the safety of one of a number of wildlife-watching cruise-boats which leave from the village jetty. birds and butterflies abound - the daintree village region is a world-renowned birdwatcher's paradise and there are several specialist guides.
accommodation choices in the village and it's surrounding valleys range from a famous spa resort, traditional b&bs, retreats, farm-stays to budget cabins.
beyond the village are scenic drives which take the visitor along winding valley trails which follow the courses of the upper reaches of the daintree and into the valleys of stewart creek, douglas creek and upper daintree through a delightful mix of rolling green cattle country and areas of lush tropical rainforest.
the cattle are tropical breeds now bred for their beef whereas in earlier days there was a thriving dairy industry. the butter factory in daintree finally closed down in 1962 when it was no longer profitable to produce butter there. descendants of the original settlers still live here, some operating thriving beef-cattle properties.
daintree valley
the daintree river was only discovered by europeans in 1873 when scottish geologist and explorer george elphinstone dalrymple named the river and the first settlement, daintree village, after queensland's agent-general in london, richard daintree. before the road to mossman was completed in 1933 daintree village was an inland port with the only access being by river.
the village gave it's name to the famous world heritage-listed daintree national park which stretches in sections between mossman gorge in the south to the bloomfield river in the north.
so, if you are seeking a quiet, relaxing base from which to explore all that the tropical north has to offer, the daintree village region has everything you could wish for.
by daphne titus-rees
www.daintreevalleyhaven.com.au





                                daintree rainforest accommodation                            





the daintree rainforest and surroundings areas cannot possibly be explored in just one day. fortunately, a variety of daintree accommodation options are available to make your stay a truly magical experience. the daintree area has accommodation to suit each visitor's tastes and budget. 
accommodation ranges from luxury four star resorts, to boutique cabins, luxurious rainforest retreats, self contained holiday houses, backpackers and camping grounds all featured in unique settings. 












                read daintree rainforest  reviews            






                                        nc                                    



                                        natalia curusi                                    

                                        posted
                                        oct 2, 2024                                    
cape trib & daintree discovery

                                        we spent more time in the bus than in rain forest, a bit rushed                                    







                                        pm                                    



                                        peter milne                                    

                                        posted
                                        aug 30, 2024                                    
cape trib & daintree discovery

                                        daniel is brilliant. he made the day.                                    







                                        wc                                    



                                        wendy chaplin                                    

                                        posted
                                        aug 28, 2024                                    
river drift experience

                                        we had a great time on our river drift
great fun for my little grandkids they had a ball                                     







                                        d                                    



                                        deb                                    

                                        posted
                                        mar 28, 2024                                    
cape tribbbin | daintree rainforest tour from cairns

                                        we took the 1 day tour to cape tribulation and hayden was an amazing guide. there?s no way we would ever have packed so much into one day on our own. we got to drive through port douglas, walk along a beach and visit a look out, admire the view as we drove to the ferry crossing, taking us into the daintree rainforest.                                     







                                        g                                    



                                        grace                                    

                                        posted
                                        mar 28, 2024                                    
cape tribbbin | daintree rainforest tour from cairns

                                        had a fantastic day trip to cape trib & daintree with charlie! our group of tired irish girls definitely woke up quickly with the belly laughs and knowledge charlie gifted us! couldn?t recommend him and uncle brian?s tours more! had such an eye opening and fun filled day, jumping into all the creeks and learning all about the trib & daintree history and facts! will be telling everyone to go on this tour when charlie returns from his holidays. can?t wait to come back to cairns for more fun ???? not a bad dj either                                    







                                        n                                    



                                        norman                                    

                                        posted
                                        mar 24, 2024                                    
southern daintree explorer | half day

                                        the daintree explorer tour exceeded all my expectations. our guide was knowledgeable and had fascinating stories and insights. the wildlife cruise on the daintree river was a highlight.                                    







                                        da                                    



                                        diya aldin                                    

                                        posted
                                        nov 27, 2023                                    
cape trib & daintree discovery

                                        we had greg who was an amazing tour guide and very knowledgeable. amazing value for money, we were surprised at how much was included in the tour. would highly recommend to anyone exploring the far north of australia !                                    







                                        sm                                    



                                        sharon maximiw                                    

                                        posted
                                        nov 26, 2023                                    
river drift experience

                                        we had an absolute ball our guides made us feel at ease and were very helpful                                     







                                        d                                    



                                        douglas                                    

                                        posted
                                        nov 26, 2023                                    
experience daintree day tour | port douglas

                                        ben was engaging and very well informed. this made a big difference to our day at the daintree rainforest. the group size was great: any more than the total of 8 might have made interaction within the group more difficult. a great day was had by everyone on the bus. worth every cent.                                    







                                        km                                    



                                        kenneth mark wilkinson                                    

                                        posted
                                        nov 6, 2023                                    
daintree, cape tribulation & 4wd bloomfield track tour

                                        a fantastic day would recommend                                     







                                        w                                    



                                        wayne                                     

                                        posted
                                        sep 4, 2023                                    
2 day reef & rainforest package

                                        great day out on the reef have been before covid   love the evolution, this time we saw whales just amazing. the cape tribulation just so quite and peaceful put this number 1 on your list                                    







                                        kd                                    



                                        karina denyer                                    

                                        posted
                                        jul 9, 2023                                    
daintree river dawn cruise

                                        an great flora and fauna cruise along the daintree. murray was a wealth of knowledge.                                     







                                        a                                    



                                        ar                                    

                                        posted
                                        jun 30, 2023                                    
cape tribulation night walk

                                        tour was good with a friendly tour guide. flash lights were not that bright.                                    







                                        ja                                    



                                        joshy andrews                                    

                                        posted
                                        may 8, 2023                                    
experience daintree day tour | port douglas

                                        it was very good, we enjoyed only problem was raining little bit but we are happy                                    







                                        r                                    



                                        rachael                                    

                                        posted
                                        apr 21, 2023                                    
river drift experience

                                        fantastic family experience 
thanks to dylan and kate!!                                    







                                        a                                    



                                        angelique                                      

                                        posted
                                        feb 24, 2023                                    
cape tribulation night walk

                                        night walk exceeded my expectations!
kane, our guide was awesome. so passionate about the rainforest and what it has to offer and very knowledgeable. 
highly recommend this tour.
                                    







                                        ss                                    



                                        susy spinoso                                    

                                        posted
                                        oct 12, 2022                                    
river drift experience

                                        vincent was a great guide, very knowledgeable, warm & friendly                                    







                                        sc                                    



                                        susan concon                                    

                                        posted
                                        aug 12, 2022                                    
daintree, cape trib & mossman gorge

                                        my partner says paul made it feel like we were friends for a long time. he was an amazing tour guide and attentive to everyone in his group. thank you paul you are the best and we wish you all the best!                                     







                                        c                                    



                                        christina  vinehall                                     

                                        posted
                                        aug 7, 2022                                    
daintree, cape tribulation & 4wd bloomfield track tour

                                        fantastic trip and the driver/guide was very very knowledgeable and made the trip so much more interesting!                                    







                                        ja                                    



                                        jenene acland                                    

                                        posted
                                        aug 1, 2022                                    
cape trib horse rides

                                        an enjoyable, informative experience. highly recommend even if you have no horse experience.                                     






previous



next









            view daintree rainforest  photos        







































see all photos











































 



                daintree rainforest  news
            







                                            daintree treetops adventures: soaring high again!                                        









                                            8                                        
                                        daintree treetops adventures: soaring high again!                                    

                                        posted apr 21, 2024, 11:20:08 am                                    

daintree treetops has returned to the forest with its zipline canopy tours. initially open 5 days a week (monday, thursday, friday, saturday, and sunday), they're ramping up to daily operations starting june 20th.
if you've missed gliding throu...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


daintree treetops has returned to the forest with its zipline canopy tours. initially open 5 days a week (monday, thursday, friday, saturday, and sunday), they're ramping up to daily operations starting june 20th.
if you've missed gliding through the lush canopies of the daintree rainforest, your wait is almost over. starting in june 2024, you can reconnect with the thrill of the zipline adventure that offers stunning views from up to 15 meters above the forest floor. spanning nine ziplines, ranging from 15 to 130 meters, this two-hour guided tour isn't just a journey; it's an experience of a lifetime set against the backdrop of one of the world’s most ancient rainforests. prepare to capture panoramic vistas on this exhilarating escapade at cape tribulation. get ready to zip, soar, and explore at daintree treetops!









                                            explore the daintree with cape tribbbin’ day tour                                        









                                            7                                        
                                        explore the daintree with cape tribbbin’ day tour                                    

                                        posted apr 15, 2024, 9:43:43 am                                    

daintree rainforest experience, “cape tribbbin,” is now available for bookings, offering a sensational full-day tour from cairns to cape tribulation. operated by uncle brian’s tours, this experience promises a day packed with unique activities a...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


daintree rainforest experience, “cape tribbbin,” is now available for bookings, offering a sensational full-day tour from cairns to cape tribulation. operated by uncle brian’s tours, this experience promises a day packed with unique activities and breathtaking sights.
the cape tribbbin’ tour lasts for about 10 hours and includes an array of unforgettable experiences. begin your day with stunning views from rex lookout, followed by a visit to the charming town of port douglas and the scenic 4 mile beach. thrill-seekers will relish the wildlife cruise on the daintree river, where you can spot crocodiles in their natural habitat.
enjoy guided rainforest walks through ancient ecosystems, including a visit to the jindalba boardwalk. a 2-course lunch awaits at the serene heritage lodge & spa, providing a perfect midday break. cool off with a swim in hidden rainforest pools or stroll along the pristine thornton beach.
the tour doesn’t end there; it includes a stop at the daintree ice cream factory for a sweet treat, and concludes with mesmerizing views from alexandria lookout.
available seven days a week, this tour starts early and requires pre-booking. special rates are available for children and families, making it an ideal outing for everyone. don’t forget to bring your essentials like a hat, sunscreen, and swimming gear. book your adventure today and experience the magic of the daintree rainforest with cape tribbbin’.









                                            river drift experience now includes guided river walk                                        









                                            3                                        
                                        river drift experience now includes guided river walk                                    

                                        posted apr 13, 2024, 9:45:57 am                                    

back country bliss adventures is excited to announce an update to their popular ‘river drift snorkelling’ tour, which has been renamed ‘river drift’. this adjustment reflects the new opportunities presented by nature, capturing the essence of th...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


back country bliss adventures is excited to announce an update to their popular ‘river drift snorkelling’ tour, which has been renamed ‘river drift’. this adjustment reflects the new opportunities presented by nature, capturing the essence of the tour while adapting to the river’s evolving landscape.
following cyclone jasper, the mossman river revealed new areas, enhancing the ‘river drift’ experience. although snorkelling has been temporarily paused due to the accumulation of sand that has made parts of the river too shallow, the tour now includes a thrilling river walk through areas previously inaccessible. the core drift experience remains, now enriched with these additional exploratory elements.
back country bliss adventures invites everyone to celebrate this new chapter and experience the refreshed ‘river drift experience’. the team values your support immensely as they continue to offer unforgettable adventures in this magnificent region.









                                            the daintree ecolodge will reopen on march 15                                        









                                            2                                        
                                        the daintree ecolodge will reopen on march 15                                    

                                        posted mar 13, 2024, 9:25:10 am                                    

the daintree ecolodge will reopen on march 15 after a rapid two-month renovation. the resort introduces new guest experiences like beekeeping and bush tucker courses to revive tourism and job opportunities in the region. the resort sustained flo...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


the daintree ecolodge will reopen on march 15 after a rapid two-month renovation. the resort introduces new guest experiences like beekeeping and bush tucker courses to revive tourism and job opportunities in the region. the resort sustained flood damage in 2023. these activities aim to support the local economy still recovering from cyclone jasper and the flooding in late 2023. 









                                            daintree treetops opening in june 2024                                        









                                            9                                        
                                        daintree treetops opening in june 2024                                    

                                        posted mar 5, 2024, 3:19:52 pm                                    

daintree treetops wishes to inform its valued customers and partners that, due to ongoing access challenges within the daintree rainforest, operations are temporarily suspended. the organization extends its sincerest apologies for any inconvenie...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


daintree treetops wishes to inform its valued customers and partners that, due to ongoing access challenges within the daintree rainforest, operations are temporarily suspended. the organization extends its sincerest apologies for any inconvenience this may cause to those planning to visit.
the team at daintree treetops is pleased to announce that they are set to welcome guests once again in june 2024, when the facility will reopen.
visitors can look forward to experiencing the unique thrill of the zipline canopy tour, a highlight of any trip to cape tribulation.
this approximately two-hour guided adventure offers an unparalleled opportunity to explore the daintree rainforest from a vantage point up to 15 meters above the forest floor.
participants will glide along nine ziplines, ranging from 15 to 130 meters in length, and walk along timber pathways, all while enjoying breathtaking panoramic views of one of the world's oldest rainforests.
 









                                            tropic wings launches fully electric tour in the daintree rainforest                                        









                                            4                                        
                                        tropic wings launches fully electric tour in the daintree rainforest                                    

                                        posted jan 20, 2024, 10:29:06 am                                    

tropic wings are set to launch an electric coach tour to the daintree.
this innovative move by tropic wings highlights their commitment to cleean energy and promoting eco-friendly travel. the tour is not just an exploration of the breathtakingt...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


tropic wings are set to launch an electric coach tour to the daintree.
this innovative move by tropic wings highlights their commitment to cleean energy and promoting eco-friendly travel. the tour is not just an exploration of the breathtaking world heritage-listed daintree rainforest and mossman gorge, but also a landmark in sustainable tourism.
the tour features an array of inclusive experiences, from an exclusive wildlife encounter and a relaxing morning tea to a delightful cafe lunch. additionally, guests will have the opportunity to visit mossman gorge and enjoy a captivating crocodile cruise.









                                            access to the daintree rainforest | 16th jan 2024                                        









                                            8                                        
                                        access to the daintree rainforest | 16th jan 2024                                    

                                        posted jan 16, 2024, 3:51:25 pm                                    

the douglas shire council has issued an update regarding the efforts to reopen the main road north of the daintree river. the council's crews are diligently working to ensure safe and accessible routes for locals and visitors.
noah's range acce...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


the douglas shire council has issued an update regarding the efforts to reopen the main road north of the daintree river. the council's crews are diligently working to ensure safe and accessible routes for locals and visitors.
noah's range access

as of now, the road at noah's range is open but only under escort and strictly for local traffic.
starting from wednesday, 17th january, the road will be accessible from 7:00 am to 7:30 am, and then again from 4:00 pm to 4:30 pm, in both directions.
the crews are set to undertake a complex clearing job on top of noah’s range, which is both challenging and essential for safety.
the council is seeking cooperation and understanding from the community as they navigate this delicate operation, hoping for favorable weather conditions.
these traffic conditions will remain in effect until it is deemed safe to fully reopen the road.

alexandra range access

the alexandra range is currently open from 6:45 am to 5:15 pm, exclusively for local traffic. this schedule facilitates road inspections and the removal of traffic control devices overnight.
vehicles are restricted to a maximum of 25 tonnes and a length limit of 12.5 meters, applicable to all vehicles including trailers, buses, and trucks.
the council's team is continuously monitoring the road conditions for any necessary updates.
given that large sections of the alexandra range are single-laned and controlled by traffic lights, drivers are advised to proceed with caution.

daintree ferry service
the daintree ferry is operational daily from 6:00 am to 6:00 pm.









                                            update on the daintree rainforest tours post-cyclone jasper                                        









                                            10                                        
                                        update on the daintree rainforest tours post-cyclone jasper                                    

                                        posted dec 29, 2023, 8:47:31 am                                    

here is the current status of the daintree rainforest following the recent impact of cyclone jasper. this natural event has significantly affected our beloved rainforest, leading to flooding, landslides, and damage to the infrastructure, particu...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


here is the current status of the daintree rainforest following the recent impact of cyclone jasper. this natural event has significantly affected our beloved rainforest, leading to flooding, landslides, and damage to the infrastructure, particularly the roads.
the roads north of cairns, leading to the daintree and cape tribulation, have been notably impacted. to ensure the safety of all visitors and the integrity of our natural surroundings, these roads are currently undergoing extensive repair work. as a result, access to these areas is temporarily closed.
we understand the disappointment this may cause to many who have been looking forward to experiencing the unique beauty of the daintree rainforest. however, we are committed to restoring access as quickly and safely as possible.
the good news is that we are making steady progress, and we are optimistic about reopening soon. we are pleased to announce that most daintree day tours are now accepting new bookings for cape tribulation, daintree, and mossman gorge starting from the 12th of january 2024.
we are incredibly grateful for your patience and understanding during this time of recovery. the resilience of the daintree rainforest is remarkable, and we are committed to preserving its natural beauty for future generations to enjoy.
we look forward to welcoming you back to this special part of the world, where you can once again immerse yourself in the lush greenery, unique wildlife, and serene landscapes that make the daintree rainforest a truly unforgettable destination.
thank you for your continued support, and please stay tuned for further updates.









                                            change to ferry service | oct - nov 2023                                        









                                            6                                        
                                        change to ferry service | oct - nov 2023                                    

                                        posted sep 26, 2023, 9:46:06 am                                    

from 15 october 2023, ferry services from sunday to thursday will operate from 5am to 8pm. services will operate as usual - 5am to midnight on fridays and saturdays. 
the change to operating hours is needed to modify four davits which are used ...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


from 15 october 2023, ferry services from sunday to thursday will operate from 5am to 8pm. services will operate as usual - 5am to midnight on fridays and saturdays. 
the change to operating hours is needed to modify four davits which are used to raise and lower the ramps.  normal services are expected to resume 26 november 2023.  
 
the maintenance work will begin mid-october and run over six weeks to modify four davits (crane-like devices) which are used to raise and lower the ferry’s ramps. 
 









                                            new daintree river ferry planned for 2025                                        









                                            10                                        
                                        new daintree river ferry planned for 2025                                    

                                        posted sep 5, 2023, 2:33:40 pm                                    

the douglas shire council has announced plans to build a new, bigger daintree river ferry. the current ferry is 40 years old and has been experiencing increasing problems with corrosion. the new ferry will be able to carry more vehicles and pass...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


the douglas shire council has announced plans to build a new, bigger daintree river ferry. the current ferry is 40 years old and has been experiencing increasing problems with corrosion. the new ferry will be able to carry more vehicles and passengers, and will be more environmentally friendly.
the proposed new ferry is 70 meters long and 20 meters wide, and will be able to carry up to 200 passengers and 50 vehicles. it will be powered by electric motors, and will have a solar panel roof to help reduce its environmental impact.
the construction of the new ferry is expected to cost $20 million, and it is scheduled to be completed in 2025. the council is currently seeking funding for the project from the queensland government.









                                            temporary partial closure of jindalba boardwalk                                         









                                            4                                        
                                        temporary partial closure of jindalba boardwalk                                     

                                        posted aug 22, 2023, 12:29:50 pm                                    

effective dates: april 4, 2023, to may 8, 2024

the jindalba boardwalk within daintree national park will experience a partial closure from april 4, 2023, to may 8, 2024. during this period, only the first 200 meters of the boardwalk will be ope...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


effective dates: april 4, 2023, to may 8, 2024

the jindalba boardwalk within daintree national park will experience a partial closure from april 4, 2023, to may 8, 2024. during this period, only the first 200 meters of the boardwalk will be open to the public. visitors must use the same path for entry and exit.
to ensure the safety of all visitors, a substantial section of the boardwalk circuit will be closed temporarily. this closure is in place to facilitate necessary maintenance and repair work. all visitors are required to comply with safety instructions and directional signs posted at the site. 









                                            daintree ferry stopping early on the 28th & 29th june                                        









                                            2                                        
                                        daintree ferry stopping early on the 28th & 29th june                                    

                                        posted jun 12, 2023, 9:57:26 am                                    

the daintree river ferry will be closed from 9pm - 5am on wednesday, june 28 and thursday, june 29 for inspections and minor maintenance works.
the essential works will take place between 9pm and 5am and no ferry service will be provided during...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


the daintree river ferry will be closed from 9pm - 5am on wednesday, june 28 and thursday, june 29 for inspections and minor maintenance works.
the essential works will take place between 9pm and 5am and no ferry service will be provided during these periods.
this will result in the ferry closing at the earlier time of 9pm, instead of midnight on these two days.









                                            daintree discovery centre's new hologram attraction                                        









                                            4                                        
                                        daintree discovery centre's new hologram attraction                                    

                                        posted jun 8, 2023, 5:21:12 pm                                    

daintree discovery centre launched their new hologram attraction this week. the special 3d hologram attraction gives visitors an immersive experience of kuku yalanji country and culture from the comfort of the new theatre. visitors to the attrac...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


daintree discovery centre launched their new hologram attraction this week. the special 3d hologram attraction gives visitors an immersive experience of kuku yalanji country and culture from the comfort of the new theatre. visitors to the attraction will 'go on country' or ‘walkabout’ with kuku yalanji man juan walker of walkabout cultural adventures as he provides an insight into the culture and country of these first nations people.









                                            the daintree ferry will re-open today at 10:30am | monday 13th march 2023                                        









                                            10                                        
                                        the daintree ferry will re-open today at 10:30am | monday 13th march 2023                                    

                                        posted mar 13, 2023, 10:09:08 am                                    

the daintree ferry will re-open today at 10:30am after a successful mandatory inspection and the extra repair works at the weekend.
monday 13th march 2023
 


the daintree ferry will re-open today at 10:30am after a successful mandatory inspection and the extra repair works at the weekend.
monday 13th march 2023
 









                                            the daintree vehicle ferry closed until tuesday 14th march                                        









                                            8                                        
                                        the daintree vehicle ferry closed until tuesday 14th march                                    

                                        posted mar 9, 2023, 9:28:51 am                                    

the daintree ferry will remain closed until at least 5am tuesday 14th march 2023. due to maintenance.
douglas shire council has a team of staff and contractors working around the clock to ensure the vessel can return to the water as quickly as
...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


the daintree ferry will remain closed until at least 5am tuesday 14th march 2023. due to maintenance.
douglas shire council has a team of staff and contractors working around the clock to ensure the vessel can return to the water as quickly as possible.









                                            daintree river vehicle ferry not available march 6th - 10th 2023                                        









                                            9                                        
                                        daintree river vehicle ferry not available march 6th - 10th 2023                                    

                                        posted jan 28, 2023, 12:19:05 pm                                    

the daintree river ferry will be out of the water monday 6 march 2023 through to friday 10 march 2023, with services resuming 5am saturday 11 march 2023. a passenger vessel will be operating from sunrise to sunset for the five days the ferry is
...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


the daintree river ferry will be out of the water monday 6 march 2023 through to friday 10 march 2023, with services resuming 5am saturday 11 march 2023. a passenger vessel will be operating from sunrise to sunset for the five days the ferry is out of the water.  it will operate continuously back and forth across the river for the five-day closure.  on the northern side, parking will be available near the amenities block and along cape tribulation road.  a security guard will be on the northern side of the river after hours to ensure vehicles are safe. the forest creek parking area will not be used.









                                            ocean safari now available                                        









                                            7                                        
                                        ocean safari now available                                    

                                        posted jan 21, 2022, 10:43:56 am                                    

ocean safari is the only reef trip availble from the dairtnree rainforest which is the closest point to the great barrier reef. travel time is just 25 minutes! ocean safari offers morning and afternoon half day tours giving you 2 hours to snorke...                                                                                    
                                                + more
                                            


ocean safari is the only reef trip availble from the dairtnree rainforest which is the closest point to the great barrier reef. travel time is just 25 minutes! ocean safari offers morning and afternoon half day tours giving you 2 hours to snorkel at 2 reef locations.







previous



next









                download files
            






                                    daintree rainforest map                                    | size 3.17mb





                                                                            tourism map of the daintree rainforest. updated 2019                                                                    

                                    tourism map of the daintree rainforest. updated 2019                                










                                    daintreepedia                                    | size 1.58mb





                                                                            the latest daintreepedia is out. daintreepedia is compiled by the daintree marketing cooperative. updated september 2022.                                                                    

                                    the latest daintreepedia is out. daintreepedia is compiled by the daintree marketing cooperative. updated september 2022.                                












                general enquiry form
            

click here to make an enquiry



 

email




 
first name




 
surname




 
phone




 
message




 
anti spam measure









                                    enquire
                                



 



 



click to see map










            daintree rainforest         

            managed by travstar        

                office hours: 7 days            

                address:
                travstar pty ltdabn: 21 095 692 925po box 6918cairnsqld 4870australia            











                            1800 663 396                        


tropical north qld 
cairns reef tours 

kuranda train & skyrail 

port douglas tours 

green island cairns 

white water rafting cairns 

cairns cruise tours 

port douglas reef tours 

cairns info 

dunk island ferry 

fitzroy island cairns 

mission beach tours 
tasmania 
bruny island tours 

maria island tours 

port arthur tours 
whitsundays 
airlie beach tours 

whitehaven beach tours 
sydney 
blue mountain tours 
sunshine coast 
tasmania info 
melbourne 
phillip island tours  

great ocean road tours 
darwin region 
darwin info 

litchfield park tours 
the gold coast  
gold coast cruises 

gold coast tours 
red centre 
experience uluru 

red centre tours 

            powered by tourism town
        







privacy |
                            terms |
                © tourism town 2025    




‹
›
×





            menu
        

×







home







tours from cairns 






tours from port douglas 






great barrier reef 






self drive tours 






river cruises 






walks 






all offers







enquiry







contact







photos







videos







214 reviews




            back to top
        






please wait










 


