

















	summer place theatre, naperville theater musicals and plays



























search






search






login






menu

hometicketsauditionsdonateget involvedadvertisenewsabout usfaq's







 
professional theatre quality, community theatre prices!

 
 
































































upcoming shows











			
			june 20, 2025
		






6/20/2025 7:30 pm - 6/29/2025 4:30 pm
little shop of horrors

*check out our auditions page for information*
june 20-june 29 2025
 
a deviously delicious broadway and hollywood sci-fi smash musical, little shop of horrors has devoured the hearts of theatre goers for over 30 years. howard ashman and alan menken (disney's the little mermaid, beauty and the beast, and aladdin) are the creative geniuses behind what has become one of the most popular shows in the world.
the meek floral assistant seymour krelborn stumbles across a new breed of plant he names "audrey ii" - after his coworker crush. this foul-mouthed, r&b-singing carnivore promises unending fame and fortune to the down and out krelborn as long as he keeps feeding it, blood. over time, though, seymour discovers audrey ii's out of this world origins and intent towards global domination!
book and lyrics by: howard ashman
music by: alan menken
 
read more






			
			july 25, 2025
		






7/25/2025 7:30 pm - 8/3/2025 4:30 pm
legally blonde: the musical

coming july 2025

harvard's beloved blonde takes the stage by pink storm in this fun, upbeat story of self-discovery.
july 25-august 3 2025
book by: heather hach
music and lyrics by: laurence o'keefe, nell benjamin
directed by: taylor weisz
producer and associate director: mike frale
 
read more













recent shows











			
			july 19, 2024
		






7/19/2024 7:30 pm - 8/4/2024 5:00 pm
west side story

july 19-august 4 2024
show times: fridays and saturdays: 7:30 pm sundays: 2pm. the show runs 2 hours and 30 minutes with one intermission
our shows are in the auditorium at naperville central high school, 440 aurora ave, naperville, il 60540. the auditorium is on the west side of campus, bordered by aurora avenue, west street, and hillside road. our banner is over the door. door 24. the doors are numbered. only door 24 is available for entering the theatre.
book by: arthur laurents
music by: leonard bernstein
lyrics by: stephen sondheim
based on a concept of jerome robbins
based on shakespeare's romeo and juliet
orignally produced on broadway by robert e. griffith and harold s. prince
by arrangement with roger l. stevens
directed and scenic designed by: mike frale, music directed by: kitty karn, choreographed by: maddie shelton, fight choreography by: andrew trygstad, stage manager: bre sakalis, sound design: bill ryden, produced by: nicole grueneberg and matt whalen
 
read more






			
			june 21, 2024
		






6/21/2024 7:30 pm - 6/30/2024 5:00 pm
all shook up

 
“we saw it saturday afternoon and it was fantastic! super talented cast and orchestra!!” - guy g.
“this theatre group is fantastic....the talent was superb....i recommend this funny, sweet, and creative play to everyone.” - kathe l.
“such a fun afternoon of theatre! so many talented voices.” - christina p.
“everyone make sure you get out and see this fantastic show! great cast! great crew! great orchestra! great music and storyline! be sure not to miss it!” - laura m.
“i saw this today and it was excellent. the talent was amazing.” - jennie g.
“we super enjoyed this cute production! everyone did a fantastic job! great performance by all! thank you!” - te s.
“it was absolutely wonderful!!! such great talent…..the voices were stellar! every single character was perfectly cast….bravo.” - laurie e.
“our first time to see a summer place theatre show last night. it was excellent! thanks for such a fun evening out - with excellent local talent! we are so fortunate to have access to this high level of talent from our area. we will definitely be back.” - joan d.
“what a fun show!!! it’s a must-see whether you know someone in the cast/crew or not! very affordable, plenty of available performances (right now), very entertaining! get a ticket or two now.” - anna a.
 
read more






			
			july 21, 2023
		






7/21/2023 7:30 pm - 8/6/2023 3:00 pm
newsies

"don't miss this show...best summer place show ever" - arlene h. 
"positively fantastic! everyone on the stage commanded their role. job well done!" -tarisse t.
"a phenomenal cast. it's a must see"- yvette h.
"this is a great cast, did a fatastic job." -connie h. 
"absolutely awesome!!! a must see performance. singing, dancing, the acting, the live music ooo la la" -paula s.
"it was a wow. amazing cast and production. love love love it. blown away by the talent -lutong b.
"amazing show. i can't wait to see it again and again!" -tracy b.
"bravo! amazing performances and wonderful opening! so many shining stars on that stage. fabulous harmonies and dancing" -holly l.
"it was an amazing show! such talent! everyone we went with loved it." -libby h.
"incredible show last night!" -melissa c.
"spectacular" - gloria h.
"i was blown away! incredible! so much talent! -amy k.
"the cast was fabulous, and the show probably had some of the best athletic dancing i've seen in a local production." keith k.
"what an amazing show!!! do yourselves a favor and see newsies!!!" -brian l.
read more






see all our past shows
















 




welcome!



we welcome you to look around our website to learn more about us.
as our name implies, we perform shows in the summer. we've been doing so since 1966; have a look. you can look up the shows and more importantly, the people who brought them to you: the cast and production crew. did you participate in one of them, or know someone who did? feel free to send us any photos or playbills! we are trying to complete our archives. feel free to email us at info@summerplacetheatre.org if you have something to share. 
after summer, there's one more fun event for the year: ghost stories ... in the park ... in the dark, a fun and spooky evening for kids of all ages put on in cooperation with the naperville park district.
to keep you in the know, we have a news page on our website and a newsletter as well so the news can come to you. scroll down to the bottom of the page and you'll see our newsletter signup. we promise not to bombard you with email and we certainly won't give your email address to anyone else.
it takes a lot of talented people and a lot of work to put on these shows. if you have a knack for acting, singing, painting, building, makeup, costumes, sales, design - we said it takes a lot! - and you have a love for theatre, then we want you in our community. get involved wherever you'd like. we'd love to have you work with us.




over 50 years! can you believe it?




 
it started with doc
dr. donald "doc" shanower, professor emeritus at north central college, formed this little group in 1966 to keep the drama students acting through the summer. don was born on december 15, 1921 in canton, ohio. he spent three and a half years in the u.s. army infantry with the 75th division in the european theater, was wounded in the battle of the bulge, and was awarded a purple heart and other service medals. he then returned to kent state to complete his undergraduate degree and his m.a. following a four-year stint at the college of wooster in wooster, ohio, don accepted a position in the speech and theater department at north central college in 1955. while an assistant professor there, he earned his phd from the university of michigan in 1959 and was known to students as "doc" for the remainder of his 31 years at ncc. after treading the boards in college, in the leading roles in "othello”  and “macbeth", he found his true calling as a director of both classical and contemporary plays and musicals. he introduced students to plays from aristophanes to miller and beyond. away from the stage, he taught public speaking, acting, and history of the theater. at the beckoning of ncc students and with college and community support, "doc" founded the summer place in 1966.  he was awarded the clarence f. dissinger memorial award for distinguished teaching and extraordinary service to north central in 1981. it wasn't that long ago when we played at north central college outside under a tin roof. but we've come a long way and we're determined to keep the tradition alive. over numerous years, the group took on a life of its own, but doc continued to be there, coming to most of our shows. doc passed away in september 2015 just before he could celebrate our golden anniversary with us. we miss you, doc and thank you for giving us our start!
 







 




latest news









introducing our "ghost stories in the park...in the dark" director, tahlia root!

friday, september 20, 2024




cast announced for "west side story" at summer place theatre

friday, may 24, 2024




via broadwayworld chicago: cast set for all shook up at naperville's summer place theatre

friday, april 12, 2024




give the gift of theatre to a loved one this holiday season! early bird prices!

monday, december 18, 2023




"newsies" and "the pajama game" receive "broadwayworld chicago award" nominations!

wednesday, november 1, 2023





load next 5 article(s) (184 left)loading...




















































about summer place



the summer place, inc. is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization and receives our funding through sales of affordably priced tickets, program ads, concessions, grants, and from the kind donations of our patrons.
we are naperville's community theatresm. our all-volunteer board, crew and cast work hard together to produce entertaining plays and musicals for the naperville area. we invite you to get involved! we are a proud member of the naperville area chamber of commerce https://www.naperville.net/
the summer place, inc.                                                                                                                                     
p.o. box 2394
naperville, il 60567
630-355-7969
info@summerplacetheatre.org


 
partially supported by a grant from the illinois arts council agency.










 
and by a grant from the naperville special events & cultural amenities fund.









newsletter



sign up for our newsletter and stay on top of all our goings-on. (we won't share your info with anyone, promise!)
click/tap the button below to see the simple form.
signup form







quick links



 
visit us on the social media platforms and please tell your friends about us. facebook | twitter

protect the future of live theatre

proud member

 













©2025 the summer place, inc. sites by sprocket
terms of use
privacy statement





back to top













