    hill cross furniture | contract & commercial furniture suppliers | bar, cafe & restaurant furniture                


hill cross furniture                furniturebrochuresspaceshospitality furniturehealthcare furnitureoutdoor furnitureoffice & workplace furniturequick lead timechairstables & basesoutdoor furniturelounge chairsnorock table baseswoodbenderbespokebespoke banquette seatingbespoke table topsour finishes£13pm fabricsprojectsaboutabout hill cross furnitureour servicesblogcareersrefurbishmentsustainabilitycontact




open/close burger menu


search …

search site 
close search menu
speak to our team 01325 378 307 quote 
open search menu

table top builder

refurbishment

our furniture range
all furniturechairsstools & barstoolslounge chairssofastables & basesmodular seatingpoufsoutdoorbenchesnorock baseswoodbendertable top builderfurniturechairsstools & barstoolslounge chairssofastables & basesmodular seatingpoufsoutdoorbenchesnorock baseswoodbendertable top builderfurniturebrochuresspaceshospitality furniturehealthcare furnitureoutdoor furnitureoffice & workplace furniturequick lead timechairstables & basesoutdoor furniturelounge chairsnorock table baseswoodbenderbespokebespoke banquette seatingbespoke table topsour finishes£13pm fabricsprojectsaboutabout hill cross furnitureour servicesblogcareersrefurbishmentsustainabilitycontact

search …

search site


01325 378 307		


info@hillcrossfurniture.co.uk		
cramble cross, north cowton, northallerton, north yorkshire, dl7 0hl

facebook social media link


twitter social media link


instagram social media link


pinterest social media link


linkedin social media link
we are the uk's leading supplier of contract furniture and bespoke banquette seating for hospitality, commercial & healthcare markets.we have a huge range of side chairs, armchairs, bar stools, lounge chairs, sofas, tables & a vast collection of outdoor furniture suitable for contract use, and we offer a bespoke service if you cannot find exactly what you are looking for. we are also working to become net zero by 2035 as part of our sustainable journey.take a look at our exclusive ranges from woodbender and norock…
bespoke seating
our furniture
table top builderproject image: duchess & dressmaker
take a look at our latest additions...we are always adding new and exciting products to our range, including the latest designs and styles – explore the most recent additions here:


clack folding chairguide price - from: £225.00


plio folding chairguide price - from: £230.00


swan 2 seater sofaguide price - from: £1,930.00


fungi low stoolguide price - from: £265.00


twist armchairguide price - from: £325.00


cora bar stoolguide price - from: £375.00


cora side chair metal legsguide price - from: £310.00


cora armchair metal legsguide price - from: £385.00


neutra side chairguide price - from: £105.00


como armchairguide price - from: £125.00


como side chairguide price - from: £120.00


casino green edition side chairguide price - from: £140.00
our furniture
our latest projects

burleigh court
 loughborough university
 


duchess & dressmaker
 brentwood
 


jesse’s house
 london
 


champagne lounge, wembley stadium
 wembley stadium
 


côte brasserie
 edinburgh
 


the alchemist
 glasgow
 


the orangery at kensington palace
 
 


nando’s perth
 perth, scotland
 chairs, table top, table bases, bespoke fixed seating


64 goodge street
 goodge street, london
 chairs, table top, table bases

take a look at all our projects
brands we work with
















who we are...
we source, supply, and manufacture contract grade furniturehill cross furniture is a market-leading, family-owned contract furniture supplier with over 22 years of expertise. the company was created to meet a rising need for high-quality contract furniture in the hospitality and healthcare markets. our work is global, and we do it all from our hq, based on a farm in the stunning north yorkshire countryside.
find out more...









what our clients sayfrom the very start of this project; hillcross’ care, attention and communication was unmatched, which is both a relief and refreshing. the scheme included various bespoke elements, and from the very beginning the team understood the look and feel we wanted to achieve. the whole process was made easy with the help from the sales team, project manager and after care team and subsequently our client was thrilled with the final outcome.
grace, faber design
find out moreit was  pleasure to work with hillcross for the libertine. the furniture was always going to play an integral role in this concept and we’re very happy with the results. from start to finish the team were fantastic, providing great options, clear costings and transparency with delivery times. the quality of the service and products exceeded our expectations so thank you for all the hard work guys!
ed plumb, the libertine london
find out morehillcross furniture have been an approved supplier to rda for over 5 years. they have always been very helpful throughout the furniture quotation, delivery and installation process on our projects. hillcross are a valued supplier and one that we know are willing to go the extra mile to find solutions when we specify any specialist, or bespoke materials and designs.
alex bradley, rdathe hill cross team have been exceptional right from the initial enquiry through to delivery. our furniture requirements were to suit our new head officespace and brand direction.
timelines were accurate, fabric felt great, delivery was on time and most of all the end product was exactly what we were looking for. customer service from the start to finish was on point.
vimesh parmar, crabtree and evelyn
find out moregreat company to deal with. approachable and dedicated to deliver. the best service. professionalism with a friendly approach.
alex piombino, galvin restaurantswe have used you before and always found your staff very helpful and your table bases are the best we have used.
jimmy lynch, flying kiwi innsalways happy with hill cross. my relationship with you has gone from good to great. the team are very in-tune with choosing fabrics and brilliant at giving me lots of well matched and well priced options. i think hill cross are very good value for money. the delivery team, many of whom i now know are always friendly and are always ready to exceed expectations. they take away boxes and leave the site clear, which many other companies do not bother to do. it certainly makes life easier.
harry haddad, etc venuesjust to let you know your fitters did a grand job yesterday and installed it swiftly and we opened on time.
harry haddad, harrys bari would like to say that working with you on this fast moving project was great, we will definitely keep you in mind for future projects.
thomas hardie, allied london

brochures




hill cross overview        	
find out more




bespoke fixed seating        	
find out more




outdoor brochure 2024        	
find out more




woodbender        	
find out more


01325 378 307		


info@hillcrossfurniture.co.uk		
cramble cross, north cowton, northallerton, north yorkshire, dl7 0hl

facebook social media link


twitter social media link


instagram social media link


pinterest social media link


linkedin social media link
what we doour furniturebespoke banquette seatingprojectssustainabilityrefurbishmentbrochuresabout usabout hill cross furnitureour servicesblogcontact uscareersuseful linkscorporate social responsibilityterms & conditionstable top builderwarehouse address : hill cross furniture, building 3, dalton gates, dalton-on-tees, darlington, dl2 2pp. alternatively you can find the warehouse using our unique what3words address.company registration number : 3924678vat number : 758518002




© 2025 hill cross furniture | all rights reserved | sitemap | privacy policy | cookie policy | cookie settingsdesign by identify digital                            
































































































































































     

