








the web home of janet dickey













the web home of janet dickey

home
teen kits
kids kits
adult kits
freebies
contacts
store
view you cart












						welcome
					







to the web home of janet dickey and the









						anyone's guess
					



						mystery program kits
					


















					giveaways to conference speakers
				




					if you will be presenting at a local or regional conference and would like to give away an anyone's guess mystery kit to one of your session attendees, please contact janet dickey: jdickey@janetdickey.com.
				












					the updated kids kit for grades 3-5
				



							my grandma's gonna kill me!
						




						is ready for purchase and download
					



						get your investigators on the case!
					









					my grandma's gonna kill me
				


						mystery program kit for kids in grades 3-5 
					


















what is wanda missing?can she find it in time?






					coming next: new adult mystery program kit
				

















				check out the teen kits, kids kits, and adult kits pagesby clicking on the menu items at the top of the page.more info is available from the drop-down menus.
				













					all kits are $30.00 and are downloaded in pdf format.pay on the website by credit card or through paypal.if you need to pay by check or need anything else to complete yourorder, please contact me directly at jdickey@janetdickey.com
					














					this mystery kit has a new intended audience: adults!now available!
					













									the body in the boudoir
								

							 has more persons of interest, more clues, and more complexity. it premiered on march 25, 2011 at
							the mayfield branch of cuyahoga county public library, produced by their talented friends group. it was well received by the more than fifty attendees. check it out!
							


























						the web home of janet dickey
					
102 first ave.
					bedford, oh 44146
					usa
				










						copyright © 2011-2022 by janet dickey, all rights reserved.
					











search










teen kit samples
teen faq


kids kit samples


adults samples
adult faq

