








jewish center of the hamptons | find your center here











































skip to content


jewish center of the hamptons


primary menu
about

clergy & team
mission & history
the sanctuary
officers & board of trustees


prayer

shabbat services
shabbat on the beach
high holy days
jewish holidays


learning

shul house
adult learning
sermons
songs


community

social action
cemetery
lifecycle events
monthly bulletins


calendar
giving
contact
bulletins
 

 








find your center here
 


 

women’s dine around
wednesday, february 19, 6:30pm
in-person only
join us as we gather to support one another through the winter months. on each of these dates, we will meet at a local restaurant for dinner and sisterhood. each participant is responsible for their own tab. the restaurant to be determined by how many will be joining. reservations will be made two weeks in advance, so please send your response to cantor debra stein, rabbi.
register 





 

book club: leaving eastern parkway by matthew daub
thursday, february 20, 4:00pm
virtual only
join cantor debra stein, rabbi for an opportunity to delve into an interesting book, expand your thinking on a new topic or just meet new friends. whether you’re an avid reader or just want to follow along with the group, our book club welcomes you!
register 





 

helping our homeless in the hamptons
sunday, march 9, 5:00pm
bridgehampton child care & recreation center
in-person only
our homeless shelter, maureen’s haven, here on the east end of long island is once again opening doors to house and feed the homeless. thanks to a generous offer from the bridgehampton childcare center, guests will be housed two nights a week, wednesdays, and sundays. once again, i have pledged our help, as we have been working with them since they first began serving eastern long island.
register 





 

an evening of purim comedy with pam schuller
thursday, march 13, 6:00pm
in-person & virtual
get ready for an unforgettable purim celebration filled with laughter, joy, and a touch of unexpected wisdom! join us for an evening of purim comedy with pam schuller, an award-winning stand-up comedian and internationally recognized disability and mental health advocate. pam’s unique blend of humor and storytelling will leave you in stitches while inspiring a deeper understanding of inclusion, identity, and embracing what makes us different. after the comedy show, stay for a spirited megillah reading as we continue the celebration of purim with tradition, fun, and community.
register 










become a member


shabbat services


live stream


upcoming events


ways to give




jewish center of the hamptons  |  east hampton, ny 11937  |  631‑324‑9858  |  privacy policy 

become a member
sign up for e-mails







 







jewish center of the hamptons  |  east hampton, ny 11937  |  631‑324‑9858  |  privacy policy 

become a member
sign up for e-mails







 

















