




  






new orleans chamber of commerce - new orleans chamber of commerce, la






















 













































































































pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events























member login





















 toggle navigation   





home

join today






membership benefits


membership application







calendar
foundation

directory






online directory


print directory








resources






business resources


member resources







contact
































welcome to new orleans chamber of commerce!
mission: to provide the opportunities and resources that will enable businesses to prosper through networking, education and advocacy.
vision: to be the leading membership organization that connects all businesses to foster opportunity, development and growth in the new orleans community.





















about us
the new orleans chamber of commerce was founded in 2004 to provide members with the opportunity to build mutually beneficial partnerships within the city of new orleans. currently the chamber has over 1,200 members and offers some of the lowest dues in the region.
why join the chamber?
advertising & promotion
by associating with the new orleans chamber, your business’s reputation will grow throughout the community. your business can increase exposure from both online and offline outlets that the chamber provides for members only.
• online membership directory on the chamber’s website
• annual print directory listing each member in up to three different locations
• promotion of events, specials or business information in the chamber’s bi-weekly e-newsletter member pulse
• sponsorship and hosting opportunities to heighten visibility in the community
• exclusive chamber member logo for placement on your marketing materials
• lead referrals and business recommendations directly to your company
• grand opening/ribbon cutting assistance, including the “big gold scissors” and announcement of the event
see all member benefits here.












business directory







news releases







community events







local deals







job & volunteer opportunities







request for proposal submission










click here  to view the flippable pdf of our 
latest business directory.




























upcoming events



 
















news releases









chamber events









community events









request for proposal submission









local deals 









job opportunities


















newsletter sign-up













join today!













news releases




 
















board of directors









chairman's council









ambassadors









our staff




























click here for significant savings with office depot
































































































































































































become a chamber member today!
we will help you grow your business through networking, education, advocacy, and access to great member benefits. 


















our chairman's council







 








































































 new orleans chamber of commerce

 1515 poydras st.   ste 1010, new orleans, la 70112

 504. 799.4260

 email us














































































© copyright 2025 new orleans chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.





























 


