



cancer checklist - strategies for healing and aligning






















 
 


 








 


































































 

 






the checklist has been
                  prepared for individuals who are looking outside the box
                  for:



ways to enhance the quality of life
                    and protect organs from damage while undergoing conventional
                    cancer treatment
alternatives to conventional treatment 
strategies that might reduce predisposition
                    to cancer 
post-treatment measures to aid recovery
                    from cancer and reduce the risks of recurrence
insights into psychospiritual patterns
                    that can be transformed into healthy and creative forces
                    for personal fulfillment 



 


welcome!

this
          site is hosted by ingrid naiman, author
          of cancer
          salves: a botanical approach to treatment. ingrid is a minister,
          herbalist, and metaphysician. she has studied ayurveda since her
          days in the state department in india (1968-70) as well as tibetan
          medicine and traditional hawaiian healing. 
the purpose of this site is to examine potentially
          unrecognized factors that may contribute to the development of
          cancer or interfere with the outcome of treatment. by drawing attention
          to these aggravating issues, it is assumed that patients will feel
          more empowered and confident about overcoming illness. no effort
          has been made to be scientific; the hostess is a philosopher, not
          scientist . . . and the writing is user-friendly not cumbersome. 
the information on the site is not intended to
          replace the services of doctors and other health care practitioners.
          the aim is to look where others might not look and in so doing
          to discover something that might be important to the healing process.

this said, it is recognized that almost no one
            will feel comfortable exploring psychosomatic factors in illness
            if the physical symptoms of the disease are not addressed. because
            of this, there is a section of
            this site devoted to optimization of physical health. this addresses
            the condition of the blood, effectiveness of the immune
            system, the possibilities of parasitic compromises to health, mold
            infection, heavy
            metal toxicity, as well as a host of strategies for maintaining
            constitutional balance: ph,
            metabolism, detoxification and
            tonification, and regeneration.


the section on emotional factors that are recognized
            as part of the "cancer personality" addresses such
            subtle issues as the obstacles to cure based on the hawaiian
            concept of ho'oponopono or
            problem solving, the tendency of patients to put perceived responsibilities
            ahead of personal needs and fulfillment, and the very tricky
            notion of karma, not as a punitive law but rather as a
            law of the psychological realm.
finally, the section on spirituality and cancer
            looks at the issues of spiritual inspiration,
            bliss, and enthusiasm as aspects of the divine force acting through
            everyone but sometimes deflected by priorities that obscure the
            fact that there is nothing more important than finding one's
            purpose in life and expressing it to the fullest.
the site was first launched in 2001 with about
            40 pages, all quite long. it was redesigned and expanded in the
            spring of 2006. 
god bless!
ingrid naiman
            1 april 2006

 

special articles: 

 vision
                for a cancer treatment facility
 ph
                balance
mold

 

 

 


 
 



ingrid naiman
9 april 2006

 







 

 


 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

  
mission statement
meet
            ingrid, hostess of the cancer checklist
suggestions
          on how to use this site

 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

sacred medicine sanctuary
copyright by ingrid naiman 2001, 2006, and 2014

 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


          the information on this site is presented as a public service. the
          site owner, author(s), seventh ray press, sacred medicine sanctuary,
          server, and web manager(s) are not responsible for how the information
          is applied nor for any outcomes. 


the information provided on this site
            is for educational and informational purposes only. the statements
            and products have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration
            and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any
            disease. 
the material on this site should not
            be used to replace professional medical care. you should always
            consult a health professional about specific health concerns
            and problems.

 




