

 bikeblog





























saturday, november 01, 2008



	 
	 bike blog's new address
	 
    


bike blog has a new web address... bikeblognyc.com 



posted by michael green at 2:37 pm
186 comments






friday, october 03, 2008



	 
	 bike blog has moved!!
	 
    


well after 4 years and over 1,000 posts bikeblog.blogspot.com has a new home.  we outgrew williamsburg brooklyn, or maybe it outgrew us.so we've packed up everything but this really old couch and migrated.for all your bicycle related culture needs please visit me at my new home at: bikeblognyc.com this is still a work in progress because i really did move to parkslopia and things are a little chaotic right now.but expect bigger and better things coming soon.



posted by michael green at 1:52 am
149 comments






friday, september 26, 2008



	 
	 article on chicago messengers
	 
    


from joe hendry of  messmedia.org messengers storm garfield park new city chicago, september 16, 2008 by john greenfield sweaty and breathless, the bike messenger strides up to reception to deliver a package and politely asks for his delivery manifest to be marked. "drop your bag, drop your bag," barks the staff members. "sign the log. where's your id? security!" it's not an uptight guard desk or mailroom in a loop office building. it's a checkpoint on the racecourse for the eleventh annual north american cycle courier championships held in garfield park. more than 200 messengers from as far away as san francisco, montreal and copenhagen have converged on the windy city for a weekend of competition, camaraderie and tomfoolery. "it's great that we could finally bring this to the midwest," says co-organizer augie montes of the chicago couriers union. at the end of the weekend, new york's kimberly perfetto and austin horse will earn bragging rights as the fastest female and male couriers on the continent; at fifth place overall, andrew nordyke is the top chicagoan. in addition to the checkpoint race, the champs feature a bike polo tournament, trick riding contests, a labor forum and the messenger prom, which packs the bottom lounge with revelers wearing everything from cocktail dresses and leisure suits to giant banana and mr. peanut costumes. a prom king and queen are crowned with headgear fashioned from bike chains and cogs. the race, simulating a typical day of two-wheeled delivery work, has participants picking up and dropping parcels at nine stations on a city-sanctioned, car-free course throughout the lush west side park. to keep things realistic, this checkpoint, incorporates many of the headaches and hassles local messengers face on a daily basis. there's even a dude in a rooster suit "stealing" unlocked rides. "it's almost like a real mailroom because there's so much confusion and animosity," says veteran courier brent olds, sipping a pbr as public enemy blares from the sound system of the chicago cuttin' crew racing team's school bus. nicole brewer, an ex-messenger who's working the checkpoint, says couriers here have more security hoops to jump through than anywhere else in the nation: using loading-dock entrances to high-rises instead of the front door; signing logs and leaving id; and leaving their bags with the building guards. "chicago's all freaked out 'cause they think a terrorist is gonna fly a plane into the sears tower," she says.  couriers zoom around the park's curved roadways on single-speed, fixed-gear bicycles, three-foot-long mailing tubes in their bags, their bodies and bikes banked at steep angles for speed. neighborhood folks are barbecuing near the racecourse to sounds of z. z. hill's "down home blues" and teenage girls saunter obliviously across the cyclists' paths. "i like having all the racers out here," says garfield park resident joe davis, 68, straddling a trek. "it's good for people to see this is a beautiful park and they don't have to be afraid to come out to the west side."



posted by michael green at 3:08 pm
38 comments









	 
	 i-cycle goldsprints finals tonight
	 
    


raining out?  don't want to go to critical mass...check out indoor bike racing:puma/vice i-cycle throwdown pt.1last thursday was the first, in a series of two goldsprint competitionssponsored by puma and vice. the i-cycle space @ vice gallery was the battlegrounds for the first i-cycle throwdown that brought together a mix ofindustry leaders, brands and bike messengers in a head-to-head stationarybike race. the night featured a diverse mix of teams, ranging from complexmagazine, staple design, fader magazine, d.a.r.t (mishka nyc), cyclehawk.the night was full of intense competition, as teams looked to post theirbest times and qualify for this friday’s finals.tonight:  friday, sept. 26th, 2008at the:i-cycle space @ vice gallery99 n. 10th st   (between berry & wythe)williamsburg, brooklynvideo at vimby from last week..vimby - puma goldsprints day 1and photos  here. 



posted by michael green at 10:59 am
65 comments









	 
	 oct. 4th, kid's art bike parade
	 
    


sponsored by the east village community coalitionget out your wheels and get ready for fun at one of the most enjoyable neighborhood events of 2008.the east village community coalition presents...the second annual lower east side kids' art bike parade!when:  saturday, october 4, 11 am- 2 pmwhere:  tompkins square park, northeast corner at avenue a and 10th streetwho:  you,  joined by lower east side neighbors, friends, and kids of all ages -- from toddlers to senior citizenswhat:  decorate your bike either at our advance workshops or at our on-the-spot bike-decorating event starting at 11 am before the parade -- then hop on and join the crowd as we parade our human-powered wheels around the neighborhoodwhy:  the east village is always ahead of the game.  this time, it's the youngest people in our neighborhood showing adults, the city, and the entire world how fun and healthy it is to enjoy non-polluting transportation powered by our own legs and (in this case) by our own imaginations.  by encouraging a new generation of bike riders, we cut back on the pollution that causes global warming and we establish a happy future for our neighborhood.



posted by michael green at 10:40 am
19 comments









	 
	 team spider gigs
	 
    


that crazy christopher ryan is back in town with his bike punk band team spider.back from a european tour and playing a few great gigs this weekend.first, tonight at  rocky sullivan's 34 van dyke street in red hook, brooklyn.team spider teams up with the spunklads at 9pm, $10.00then on saturday,free punk show in tompkins square park.  2pm-6pm



posted by michael green at 10:30 am
7 comments









	 
	 critical mass today, all around the world.
	 
    


september 26th, 2008...well its critical mass all around the world, especially in cities where its not raining...like nyc.tonight, meet at 7:00pm at union square north.  on the east west side, where the skateboarders hang out.critical mass is popular with famous new yorkers:the founding members of the upright citizens brigade, were asked why they love new york in this weeks issue of time out, which talks with 40 of their top city residents.matt walsh, ian roberts, matt besser and amy poehler make up this legendary improve troop.time out asked: "what's the future of new york? what are your hopes and what needs to happen?"matt besser (shown in the photo in the green t-shirt) responded:"i want them to get rid of that law that inhibits critical mass.  its a great human event in a city filled with buildings and concrete."me too matt...why don't you tell one of those other top new yorkers featured in this issue...mayor mike.read the all the questions and answers  here.here is an interview with wnyc's arun venugopal on last months critical mass ride.



posted by michael green at 9:44 am
415 comments






thursday, september 25, 2008



	 
	 stop the bail out
	 
    


sorry kids,i've been really busy with a move to park slope, lots of work and taking childbirth classes.just wanted to pass this along to do my part to help stop the panic attack of the bush administration to make us pay for greedy wall streets actions.stop the bail out protest today."bailout this!"since bush wants to buy up wall street's worthless investments withmain street's hard-earned tax dollars, folks are planning to bringtheir own junk to wall street to see if they can get a bailout, too.bring your 8-track tape collection, high-school yearbook, grampa's oldrecliner, and that snow globe from great adventure – not to mentionyour mortgage statements and student loan invoices -- and add 'em tothe pile!  and tell secretary paulson why you deserve a bailout, too!bring your most audacious junk, junk that has a story, and make yourcase.  (ordinary garbage discouraged.)  this action inspired bybuymyshitpile.com.  "no cash for trash!"the serious part (with time & place details, etc.) :this week the white house is trying to push through the biggest financialtheft in world history with nary a stitch of debate. they're asking for ablank check for over 1 trillion dollars to bail out george bush's wallstreet cronies who created this economic crisis in the first place.if this passes, we can forget about any money for environmental protection,to counter global warming, for education, for national healthcare, torebuild our decaying infrastructure, for alternative energy.this is a historic moment. we need to act now while we can influence thedebate.let's rally against the bailout in the heart of the financial district!gather at 4pm, this thursday, sept. 25 in the plaza at the southern end ofbowling green park, which is the small triangular park that has the wallstreet bull at the northern tip.       what: say no to the wall street bailout       when: thursday, september 25:  4pm       where: southern end of bowling green park, in the plaza area       what to bring: banners, noisemakers, signs, leaflets, etc.  apiece of junk.do whatever you can for this historic event and contact all your groups andfriends. this proposed financial bailout is without precedence and we haveto stop it!read the wired story  here. 



posted by michael green at 9:29 am
14 comments






thursday, september 18, 2008



	 
	 man with bike blog “doored”, blog improved.
	 
    


by xristopher j spider…good news, micheal green, popular “bike blogger” was doored today, bringing xris spider one step closer to his dream of taking over the widely read new york city blog.  xris was “surprised” at the both the news of michael being doored by a cab at 1st ave and 39th street, and the ease at which the medicated mr. green gave up his password. this couldn’t have come at a better time for mr. spider, who was already low on cash after generously bribing a cabbie to suddenly open his car door into mr. green.  the excited xris plans to sell advertising on the space popular blog to hummer, the palin campaign, and jamal muhammad ramjamin’s discount dooring services.police on the scene described mr. green as being male, ethnic, and “sort of a dumb ass.”  mr. green also had nothing but praises for the responding officers who appeared promptly, were courteous, and “somewhat cute.” one of which even rode a mountain bike according to the smitten mr. green.bellevue doctors described mr. green as unlikely to seen by them anytime soon, noting “he has insurance? fuck ‘em”.  mr. green claims nothing is broken, but accepted the advice of the responding firefighters to head to bellevue hospital after hearing a strange clicking when he extended his arm.  firefighter jimmy mcmason stated, “we sort of ignored a call and let a building burn down tending to this douche bag, so we better make this all seem more serious than it is”  adding, “plus the guy doesn’t look like he’s been laid in weeks, maybe this will help.”ambulance driver dave forte cursed out the poor cabbie, who was just trying to earn a decent living, but praised mr. green for wearing a helmet.  that is until he recognized mr green as the popular nyc bicycle blogger stating, “aren’t you the guy who handed his bike to a thief who said he wanted to –try it out-?” mr. forte then added, “why bother with a helmet, what are you protecting, the air space?”this brought a chuckle from officer kucharski, who was in the process of giving mr. green his personal phone number.-congratulatory flowers can be sent tox. spider, ave c.teamspider.blogspot.comteamspiderblog



posted by michael green at 11:39 am
8 comments






wednesday, september 17, 2008



	 
	 help out and volunteer with times up
	 
    


 time's up   will be out on the scene with lots of bike events over the weekend and they need your help.check out all the great events going on this weekend.   plug in to as many events as you can by volunteering or just showing up.  if you want to sign up to table for park(ing) day, bicycling for a day or the creative time event get in touch with the contact person for each event or sign up directly at the shared spreadsheet at:  here. here is what is going on: friday, september 19th, park(ing) day,park(ing) day is a national event in which people in cities all over the country reclaim parking spots for one day, transforming them into vibrant, functional public spaces.  time's up! is setting up from 10am – 5pm at our reclaimed park at the corner of 7th ave. south and charles street in front of the birdbath bakery.  we will have grass and lounge chairs and a bike repair stand along with free beverages and pastries donated by the birdbath bakery.  you can call judy at 917.405.1544 for more information.  here  are some photos from park(ing) day 2007:  saturday, september 20th, bicycling for a day tabling,time's up! will be tabling at the bicycling for a day event at south street seaport, from 10 - 5 p.m. contact: bill at billtimesup@gmail.com  at 917-577-5621 if you want to volunteer. bicycleforaday.org saturday, sept 20th, bike lane liberation clownsjoin the bike lane liberation clowns for an exciting ride downtown to liberate bike lanes from double-parkers.  humor and slapstick prevail to keep the bike lanes car-free. meet at 1 p.m. at the astor place cube (lafayette and 8th street) before the ride to costume up.  contact barabaraross2@gmail.com for more info. bike lane liberation saturday, sept 20th, brook park clean upcome to the brook park tear up the pavement party, saturday, 9/20 12 - 5 p.m at  brook park, 141st street and brook avenuecelebrate the autumnal equinox while liberating an underground brook.   friends of brook park  sunday, september 21, waterfall ridethis bike ride will view all four waterfalls by olafur eliasson.  meet at 1:00pm at centre street across from the manhattan entrance to the brooklyn bridge.  the ride was picked as best bet for this week by time out and will be featured on the saturday morning today show on nbc. waterfall ride  sunday, 9/21 through sunday, 9/27, creative time's democracy in america time's up! is tabling all week-long at this creative time's political art and community event being held at the park avenue armory in drill hall.    creativetime.org



posted by michael green at 1:36 pm
5 comments









	 
	 bike news round up
	 
    


rounding up the news of bicycles:---------------------------new yorkactor matthew modine, (private joker) is throwing a bicycle event of his own.lifestyles of the green and the famousmatthew modine bicycles, bono recycles, and willie nelson wails for farm aidactor matthew modine (of showtime’s hit series, weeds) is taking new yorkers for a ride on the city’s bike paths with olympian sharon seagrave this saturday with his bicycle for a day event. advocating for biking, walking, and public-transportation, “it’s a call to action to reduce the carbon footprint and have fun doing it!” the day includes a luke haas concert, robert f. kennedy, jr. speaking, and prizes such as puma “glow” bicycles and a segway. read more of the article over  here. -----------------------kansas.an article on rock racing in the kansas city star.rock racing wants to bring cool to pro cyclingby bill reiterthe kansas city starst. charles, mo. | fashion mogul and team owner michael ball has a unique vision for the future of american cycling, and it goes something like this: speed, raw competition, tattooed competitors, rock ‘n’ roll and, oh yes, stunning women rolling up to races in tricked out escalades.“it’s an extremely hard sell here in the united states,” said ball, the owner of rock racing, which features the “bad boys” of cycling, models and an in-your-face attitude. “when you look at those big sports, specifically baseball, it’s about tradition. so how does one get people involved in bicycle racing here?”that’s the question facing officials, cyclists, owners and fans as the tour of missouri draws to a close today in downtown st. louis. cycling may be an exciting sport blending speed, endurance and strategy. but none of that matters if you’re just another fringe sport without enough eyeballs watching what you do.“there is something of a ceiling out there for cycling as to how far it can go in america,” said jeff roake, a host announcer for this week’s tour and cycling expert. “we’re nowhere near that ceiling yet. we’ll never be a ball sport, but if we could be as popular as hockey — that could happen. lance armstrong coming back next year will have a huge effect.”article can be read  here ---------------------------and in the guardian, uk's sports blog,kenyakenyan trailblazers turn their talents to cyclingdespite their dominance of distance running, no black african has ever cycled the tour de france. if nicholas leong gets his way, they will soon.nderi and myangi took a while to get used to the new bikes. photograph: nicholas leongsportsport blog kenyan trailblazers turn their talents to cyclingdespite their dominance of distance running, no black african has ever cycled the tour de france. if nicholas leong gets his way, they will soonnderi and myangi took a while to get used to the new bikes. photograph: nicholas leonghere's an interesting fact: despite being recognised through their distance running as among the finest endurance athletes on the planet, no kenyan or ethiopian has ever ridden the tour de france. in fact, no kenyan, ethiopian or black african of any nation has ever become a professional cyclist.team gb's prodigious success in the saddle in beijing drew a degree of rather measly sniping along these lines. it seems unfair to disparage the achievements of individual athletes, who can only beat the field in front of them. but the fact remains. africans don't cycle - and for a variety of reasons, mainly to do with habit and tradition, but also things like start-up costs and prohibitively expensive racing technology.for the first time, however, there is a suggestion this might not always be the case. last month two amateur kenyan cyclists, zakayo nderi, a shoe-shiner by trade, and samwel myangi, a 24-year-old bicycle taxi rider, performed a time trial on the alpe d'huez, a blue chip tour stage finish. this is a serious test: 13.8km at an average gradient of 7.9% with 21 hairpin bends.more  here. -----------------chicagoan article on scram bicycle parts manufacturer in the chicago tribune.sram shifts gears in bike-parts worldchicago-based innovator set to sell 40% stake to lehman unit, eyes expansionby jon van | special to the chicago tribuneseptember 15, 2008as some chicago bicyclists pedal along, they wish their machines rode better.stanley day took that thought a step further. about two decades ago, he wondered why he had to move his hands off the handlebars to shift gears. so, working with some friends, he turned an innovation into a company that has put chicago back on the map as a powerhouse in two-wheeled locomotion.this strategy of developing new bike equipment enabled day to build sram corp. into a $500 million-a-year component supplier that is poised for potential expansion. later this month, day intends to close a deal to sell a 40 percent minority stake in sram to lehman brothers merchant banking for an undisclosed amount.the privately held company is a serious player in a business that once was dominated by shimano inc., a japanese bike-parts giant that is three times the chicago firm's size. sram has grown 15 percent to 20 percent each of the past five years and has been consistently profitable, day said, but to get to the next level, where it can continue to expand globally while churning out new products, it needs a boost.read more over  here.



posted by michael green at 1:36 pm
9 comments









	 
	 interbike 2008
	 
    


where do industry bike people go to ride bikes in the desert, gamble, get lapdances and talk about bikes?las vegas nevada... interbike 2008 september 24th-26th, at the sands expo center.



posted by michael green at 1:36 pm
16 comments









	 
	 2 events.  nlg panel discussion and save union square
	 
    


come wednesday, september 17th to the nlg panel discussion on:cointelpro - then and now wednesday, september 17, 20086:30pm - 9:30pmbrooklyn law school - subotnick center250 joralemon streetbrooklyn, nymore information below******************come and take action on thursday, september 18th:save union square: citizen chefs cooking up change!thursday, september 18, 6 p.m.union square park, near the george washington statue at the south end of the parkkeep union square public! citizen chefs cooking up change!keep the parks for people and not for profit!we'll provide the chefs hats-bring your own pots & pans and something to bang with!come in costume- black pants, white shirts, bow ties..bring a bike if you'd like to join the chefblock bike brigadethe union square partnership is selling out one of our most important public spaces, the pavilion on the north side of union square, site of seminal speeches from emma goldman, paul robeson, cesar chavez, dorothy day, and many more and one of the last remaining public assembly areas in the city.join us to say no! the union square pavilion can not be an upscale restaurant.join us to say no! our precious public resources cannot be auctioned off to the highest bidder.join us to say yes!  to community use in public parks.join us to say yes! to public space, community, and democracy. without community space, there can be no democracy.www.unionsquarenotforsale.org**************************the nyc chapter of the nlg is sponsoring this panel on september 17thcointelpro - then and now moderator: robert boyle, attorney in bin wahad v. fbi with confirmed speakers: dhoruba bin wahad: former leader of black panther party in new york; freed after serving 19 years in prison after convictionreversed due to cointelpro-related disclosuresmartin r. stolar, co-counsel, handschubeth baltimore the program will provide an overview of the various programs and forms of government repression, both past and present, and address proceduresin place to empower activists to continue their work. the event is free of chargerefreshments will be provided susan howard from the national lawyers guild- who is a long-time friend and supporter of time's up! is helping put together this panel discussion. propaganda and negative divisionary rumors have increased in progressive nyc groups like time's up! since the 2004 rnc. it is important that people have an understanding of what this is so that our groups and communities can continue to work together to create positive change.



posted by michael green at 1:36 pm
2 comments









	 
	 bike lane video screening
	 
    


kalim armstrong is having a screening of a video he made about bike lanes in nyc.  this is part of a showcase of works by students from hunter college's urban affairs & planning and integrated media arts programs.here are the details.please join us for: hitting the streets, from harlem to east new york: dramatic videos that investigate new york city neighborhoods from an on-the-ground perspectivewhen: monday september 22nd, 2008 from 6—8 pm, with reception to followwhere: hunter college's lang auditorium, north building, 4th floor. (the north building is located on 69th street between park and lexington, on the south side of the street; subway: take the 6 train to 68th street)details:this screening will showcase the results of an innovative workshop in which students from hunter college's urban affairs & planning and integrated media arts programs explored the use of media for community organizing aimed at improving the quality of local environments. from the fight to save harlem from mega-developers, to the joys and realities of cycling through urban streets, these videos capture the attempts of everyday citizens and activists to shape new york city's future, and in doing so, inspire us to action on some of the most pressing concerns facing our neighborhoods today. free and open to the public. program:rezoning harlemrezoning harlem follows longtime members of the harlem community as they fight a 2008 rezoning that threatens to erase the history and culture of their legendary neighborhood and replace it with luxury housing, offices, and big-box retail. a shocking expose of how a group of ordinary citizens, who are passionate about the future of one the city's most treasured neighborhoods, are systematically shut out of the city's decision-making process, revealing new york city's broken public review system and provoking discussion on what we can do about it. a film by juliana alzate, natasha florentino, tamara gubernat & pamela nicholssubprimedsubprimed tells the story of the national foreclosure crisis through the eyes of hard-hit east new york – a community that is no stranger to tough times. as more and more homes in the neighborhood bear foreclosure signs, individual victims of egregious lending practices come to realize they are not alone, and find the strength to band together and save their community from catastrophe. a film by sarah friedland, kahil shkymba and nayo joy simmonsbike pathnyc bicycling rates are much lower than they could be in a relatively flat city with good mass transit, despite strong evidence showing that bike-friendly environments go hand-in-hand with more livable streets for everyone. so what can we do to improve things for those who already cycle in the city, and inspire those who don't to join the ranks? these are the burning questions that activists, city officials and ordinary cyclists are trying to solve – but with different prescriptions for success. bike path examines plans to make biking in our city safer and more appealing, what's working and what isn't, and what planners can do to be more responsive to cyclists' needs. a film by kalim armstrong, rafael blanco, kate ervin and bree kesslerhavemeyer street havemeyer street is an installation that was first exhibited may 1-3, 2008, at hunter ima/mfa's imaterial show. the installation begins with several hanging prints depicting developer fantasies of new luxury condo buildings in williamsburg, brooklyn.  behind the prints, two video screens show the reality of how people on two sides of one street in transition experience the process of gentrification in this area.  the video progresses down the street, examining different spaces and meeting diverse business owners and residents.a film by francisca caporali, kym chapman, pilar ortiz, uni park & sarah nelson wrightsponsored by the department of film and media studies and the department of urban affairs and planning at hunter college (cuny). also sponsored by the hunter college center for community planning and development.-- kalim armstrongv a c a t i o n l a n d p r o d u c t i o n s



posted by michael green at 1:36 pm
4 comments









	 
	 memorial ride and bbq for andre anderson
	 
    


this saturday, september 20th.a memorial bike ride and bbq to remember andre andersonfrom ryan, who works with  ghostbikes.org.  in 2005 we met the anderson family as they struggled with the aftermath of their  son's death.  when it seemed like no one cared that their son had been mowed down by a reckless driver, the biking community rallied around them in support and solidarity. since then we have kept in contact with the family as they continue to fight for justice and remember andre. every year around the time of his death a bunch of bikers ride out to far rockaway and join his family and friends for a memorial celebration of andre's life. this year we will continue that tradition; please feel free to join us:the memorial service will be at the crash site @ 1pm:  here. it will be followed by a bbq. andre was a bmx kid and so the family blocks off the street and his friends go bike crazy.it is a down home, jamaican bbq to which everyone who attends the memorial is invited. it is herethere will be a casual group ride out to the memorial and bbq.meet-ups:    * @ 1030am @ george washington statue by the williamsburg bridge.    * @ 11am @ bedford ave & eastern parkway (southside)we need to make the service @ 1pm so please arrive at meet ups prepared to ride (tires pumped, water bottle filled). bring tubes, pump, etc.we will ride from the service to the anderson house. group rides back tend to be varied, with smaller groups breaking off and will be wholly dependent on how people are feeling,etc.  most likely a ride will leave far rockaway around 430ish.



posted by michael green at 11:52 am
2 comments






tuesday, september 16, 2008



	 
	 tomorrow, 3 lap scratch series in pospect park...boogie nigts.
	 
    


five night race series every wednesday with the details on each individual race coming shortly. (races will be based on velodrome type events such as chariot hill climb, scratch race, team relay, etc.)-fixed gear only-helmets mandatory-blinkie lights strongly recommended-sponsor prizes and cash awards-prizes for top placing men and women*the use of brake calipers other than in an emergency is prohibited. if a racer is seen implementing a hand brake, other than in an emergency, he/she will be disqualified. --------------------------------------------------------a snidely whiplash and al production



posted by michael green at 2:35 pm
3 comments









	 
	 racing for metal and road kill.
	 
    


some pictures from metal race 2. here,   from  john prolly. this man, jack crank...took the title.photo by doug d.  at  hardcourtbikepolo.comand the rest of the stats:1 jack crank (10)2 john prolly (2)3 yatika fields (1)4 doug d (3)5 adam menace (4)6 james #19 (13)7 jessie (16)8 chris #17 (8)9 atsu (5)10 jack #10 (6)11 larry fox (9)12 john #9 (15)13 frankie (11) 1st oot from chile!14 chris #14 (12)dfl danny rocks (14)



posted by michael green at 2:24 pm
4 comments









	 
	 new bike shirt every month
	 
    


saw this on  straightchain.david in sweden is trying to set up a subscription based sale of a new bike t-shirt design each month.interested in a new design, in a new one each month or contributing check out: fixtee.com 



posted by michael green at 2:20 pm
4 comments









	 
	 more videos from japan
	 
    


2008 bicycle film festival.  outdoor tricks on track bikes.video by:   eli     bicycle film festival tokyo '08 part 3 from eli tokyo jitensha-jin on vimeo.



posted by michael green at 11:20 am
4 comments









	 
	 mccain may have palin but obama's got an alleycat.
	 
    


mccain may get his running mate some nice photoshop photos-but obama's got an alleycat.right in the nation's capital:  dc.john dinn of  demoncats  is throwing an obama alleycat.  november 1st, 2008.here are the checkpoints in advance...study the map, plan your route and get to dc.obmalleycat checkpoints:> >start: logan circle nw> >-16th st. @ illinois ave. nw (obama is the senator from illinois)> >-w. basin dr @ independence ave sw (proposed mlk memorial site)> >-430 s. capitol st. se (democratic national committee)> >-15th st. @ belmont st. nw (malcolm x park)> >-3211 m st. nw (uno chicago grill)> >-1525 h st nw (st john's episcopal church)> >-12th st. @ east capitol st. ne (lincoln park)> >-4th st. @ c st. nw (judiciary square)> >-10th st. @ g st. sw (benjamin banneker park)> >finish: to be announced at last checkpoint.> >> >sponsors- kryptonite- r.e.load- seagull- crumpler- fabric horsebut really, we all know who should be president:see more paris hilton videos at funny or dieand here's another on from  hmatkin 



posted by michael green at 11:06 am
61 comments











 about me        name:michael green   location:brooklyn, ny, united states    view my complete profile  

email me

michael green

weather forecast | weather maps | weather radar


free blog content












 wednesday, september 17th>nlg panel discussion on cointelpro
 thursday, september 18th> feast or famine in union square
 friday, september 19th>parking day-times up 
 friday, september 19th>battle in seattle the movie opens in nyc 
 saturday, september 20th>bicycle for a day
 september 19-20th>bicycle film festival austin, texas
 saturday, september 20th>drunk dodger alleycat, albany
 saturday, september 20th> bike lane liberation
 saturday, september 20th>nayak and back alleycat
 saturday, september 20th-21st>scumbag cup in philly
 saturday, september 20th> brook park clean-up, bronx, ny
 sunday, september 20th> waterfall ride, nyc (time's up)
 sunday, september 20th-27th> creativetime 
 september 24th-26th> interbike2008, las vegas
 friday, september 26>critical mass-all around the world

sponsors





cool sites




great hotels: new york city hotel 
there are many transportation options check out  airport new york. 
also see  laguardia airport . 
other great hotels see new york hotels.
new york city tour or 
hotel new york city 
for the best transportation click  new york limo 
 shows new york.

international scenes



www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing public photos and videos from green biker. make your own badge here.





previous posts

bike blog's new address
bike blog has moved!!
article on chicago messengers
i-cycle goldsprints finals tonight
oct. 4th, kid's art bike parade
team spider gigs
critical mass today, all around the world.
stop the bail out
man with bike blog “doored”, blog improved.
help out and volunteer with times up

archives

january 2004
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008



links









  -->
  








 




 hits

see web stats



