





home - because we care in-home care




























































skip to content





 call us: 770.385.0300
 covington, georgia











menu


home
caregivers services

assessment


about

our caregivers
employment


resources

testimonials
news and articles
aging parents
gift cards


contact us


















 





home care provider
at because we care, we understand seniors want to live at home for as long as possible. our goal is to help seniors and adults live independently in their home with the dignity and respect they deserve. we work with anyone 18 and up who benefits from home care assistance. some of the people we care for include veterans and the elderly. 
if your goal is to allow your loved one to continue living independently at home, our home care agency might be the best solution for your loved one and you. 
sometimes your loved ones may need more help than you are able to provide. as they get older, they no longer can perform certain tasks. additionally, adults recovery from surgery need assistance while they are rehabilitating. when they attempt to do too much, they get tired easily, overwhelmed with responsibilities, or frustrated because they can’t take care of themselves and their home.
we offer in-home care services that help ease the stress while assisting adults and seniors with their basic lifestyle needs so they can remain in their home independently, longer.
consider providing home care for your adult loved one when:
they need assistance with basic daily activities.they have concerns with driving and require transportation.there is an increased risk of social isolation and need for companionship.
help seniors maintain their daily lifestyle
at because we care, our goal is to make a difference with exceptional in-home care to adults. we specialize in senior care. our services are non-clinical services provided by caregivers who are trained to understand the details of elderly care. our caregivers are caring, compassionate, and dependable.
the purpose of our caregiver services is to alleviate the physical and emotional limitations to help maintain a senior’s independent lifestyle. to help maintain their independence, we assist with daily activities such as meal preparation, bathing, dressing, and light housekeeping. we also assist with personal tasks such as managing medicine and finances, doing grocery shopping, and providing transportation.



understand payment options
many times, families worry about paying for in-home care services. there are options, including the possibility that your seniors home care will be covered by medicaid or long-term care insurance. we accept private pay, long term care insurance, va benefits and medicaid waivers-ccsp, icwp and source. 
request a free home care assessment
our free assessment will evaluate your loved one’s needs. during our assessment, we’ll look at the unique care needs, determine how often care is needed, assess your budget and potential programs available to you, answer your questions and help to alleviate any misconceptions or discomfort about in-home care.











read articles


caring for seniors with heart disease


elderly safety and preventing falls at home


giving a family caregiver a break


tips for healthy meal preparations


follow us 

this message is only visible to admins.
		problem displaying facebook posts.					click to show error



error: server configuration issue												
			



contact usbecause we care
providing in home personal care
7209 turner lake road nw
covington, ga 30014
office 770-385-0300
fax 404-419-6779
www.becausewecare.net








supporters of:











theme: avant by kaira home
caregivers services
about
resources
contact us
 











