






strawberry creek inn – idyllwild – strawberry creek inn – come stay with us!




















































 skip to content 



















search for:




accommodations
location
amenities
property map
gallery
activities
contact us
  




 strawberry creek inn idyllwild - strawberry creek inn - come stay with us! 








home
accommodations

executive king suite
deluxe king suites
deluxe queen suites
courtyard theme suites
fireplace premium king suites
creekside cottage


amenities
location

property map


gallery
activities
contact us
book your stay
 




















strawberry creek inn  idyllwild - strawberry creek inn 
see our rooms book your stay 











welcome… to strawberry creek inn 
a tranquil retreat that will rejuvenate your spirit and relax your body, the strawberry creek inn offers peaceful luxuries and simple pleasures.

just about two hours from the hustle and bustle of los angeles and san diego, the san jacinto mountains will envelope you in the rustic beauty of idyllwild, california. so close, yet a world away is strawberry creek inn, a mountain getaway available year-round…named one of the 18 great towns of southern california and one of 10 small cities to visit in 2015 that should absolutely be on your travel bucket list, idyllwild offers a unique combination of rural mountain atmosphere, small town charm, and engaging activities.get back to nature and discover the amazing vistas, crystal clear streams and waterfalls, and spectacular pine forests of the idyllwild area and the san jacinto mountains. over 275 miles of hiking trails criss-cross the mountains and remote back roads. hiking trails range from short walks to challenging treks.


get back to nature and discover the amazing vistas, crystal clear streams and waterfalls, and spectacular pine forests of the idyllwild area and the san jacinto mountains. over 275 miles of hiking trails criss-cross the mountains and remote back roads.tackle hiking trails, or simply stroll around townwhether you like to be on the go or take it slow, idyllwild has an activity for you.no matter the time of year or day of the week, idyllwild always has something to offer, yet in a laid back relaxed tone.come visit and rediscover life’s quiet joys!so little time, so many activities…idyllwild offers a unique combination of rural mountain atmosphere, small town charm, and engaging activities. for either active types or those looking to take a slower pace, idyllwild has some great to-do’s for just about everyone.

 











reservations: +1(951) 659-3202
 *protected email*
we are unable to cancel or book reservations via email. please book online or call.



address:
26370 ca-243, idyllwild, ca 92549 united states
office hours: daily 8:30 am to 8:00 pm
general questions: +1 (951) 659-3202



contact
privacy policy
location
policies and holidays
opt-out-preferences






facebook
twitter
youtube
pinterest
 



  

©2024 strawberry creek inn 
design | omniweb 



contact us/
location/
privacy policy/
powered by bravada &   wordpress.  








manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 


















