







triebold paleontology, inc.












































        
          
            triebold paleontology, inc.
          
        
      




















































              home
            

            catalog
          

            services
          

            tpi legacy
          

            testimonials
          

            behind the scenes
          

            faq
          

            contact
          



















































homecatalogservicestpi legacytestimonialsbehind the scenesfaqcontact





                
                  
                    triebold paleontology, inc.
                  
                
              
a leader in the fossil industry











scroll








triebold paleontology, inc.a leader in the fossil industry 






 







  

hello, and welcome-for over 30 years triebold paleontology, inc. (tpi) has been providing fossil skeletons, skeleton casts, and a vast array of paleontological and exhibit-related services to museums, universities, and attractions around the world. our experienced, professional staff creates a smooth and stress-free experience for any acquisition. tpi also collaborates with major institutions allowing us to bring you some of the most extraordinarily unique cast fossil skeletons available. as you peruse our website, you will see world-class skeletons, any of which can grace your exhibit halls.you may also discover that our experience in designing and installing exhibits is a valuable resource as you make plans for your new, and renewed, displays. to discuss how tpi can assist in your exhibition planning and installation visit the "contacts" page located in the top menu of the website. we will listen to your goals, review your plans, and happily elaborate on what solutions tpi can bring to your project.each day, tpi deals with many of the same issues as public museums at our rocky mountain dinosaur resource center museum facility.. our perspective is honed by decades of real-world experience that is sure to add valuable guidance to any project. we hope you enjoy our fossil replicas, with more than a dozen new items to offer alongside the classic skeletons and skulls that tpi has come to be known for. whether you are a museum looking to add to an existing exhibit, building a new museum, looking for a world-class exhibition, a collector excited to see what's new, or someone looking to start a collection of their own- our business is the place to look. thank you for your service to the discipline as well as for taking the time to look through our website.we hope to hear from you soon!mike triebold, tpi founder & president



what we do



 for those seeking paleontological services, tpi offers a vast variety of commodities which go beyond field work.we have fossil replicas available for order. on-site 3d scanning and printing services.strong,stunning mounts.detailed teeth, claw, and scaled skull replicas. world-class, year-round exhibition design and installation. from world-renowned museums needing full scale skeletons, to gift shops full of hands-on learning tools for kids, tpi is proud to provide products and services for every level of fossil enthusiast, creating a level of scientific accessibility everyone can enjoy.

 

more from tpiif you would like to explore more of what tpi has to offer, take a moment to learn about our sister companies shown below by visiting the links provided




    savage ancient seas
  




    fossil crates
  




    dinosaur sanctuary
  




    darwin and dinosaurs
  






   

we would love to hear from youthank you for taking the time to peruse our website! we hope you love our work as much as we do. feel free to reach out to us via this site, our social media sites, or by contacting our offices! 

 


    contact us
  

  






triebold paleontology, inc.



banner



describe what you're all about



say more about your website










triebold paleontology, inc.201 s. fairview st. woodland park, co 80863sales: jacob jett | (719) 394-3212jacob@rmdrc.comscientific inquiries: anthony maltese | (719) 394-3493anthony@rmdrc.com





triebold paleontology
201 south fairview street,
woodland park, co, 80863,
united states
(719) 394-3212
jacob@rmdrc.com


hours
mon 8am - 5pm 
tue 8am - 5pm 
wed 8am - 5pm 
thu 8am - 5pm 
fri 8am - 5pm 
sat closed
sun closed











