








blackusa - history | tradition | culture | cuisine

















































home
recipes
black history on the web since 1996







select page


  
 



 



 







 
madame c.j. walker
black history, business, firstsmadame c.j. walker
born sarah breedlove on december 23, 1867 on a delta, louisiana plantation, this daughter of former slaves transformed herself from an uneducated farm laborer and laundress into one of the twentieth century’s most successful, self-made women entrepreneurs.
orphaned at age seven, she often said, “i got my start by giving myself a start.” she and her older sister, louvenia, survived by working in the cotton fields of delta and nearby vicksburg, mississippi. at 14, she married moses mcwilliams to escape abuse from her cruel brother-in-law, jesse powell.
her only daughter, lelia (later known as a’lelia walker) was born on june 6, 1885. when her husband died two years later, she moved to st. louis to join her four brothers who had established themselves as barbers.  (more…)


violette neatley anderson
black history, lawviolette n. anderson
violette n. anderson was born july 16, 1882, in london, england. she and her parents, richard and marie neatley, emigrated to the united states while violette was a young girl, settling in chicago. violette graduated from chicago’s north division high school in 1899, then worked as a court reporter from 1905-1920.
she was fascinated by law and determined to become an attorney herself. she attended post-secondary school at the chicago seminar of sciences from 1912-1915, and earned her llb (a more advanced law degree than the typical jd) from chicago law school in 1920.
violette neatley anderson became the first female chicago city prosecutor in 1922, then established a successful legal practice in the chicago area two years later. on january 29, 1926, she became the first african-american woman admitted to the us supreme court bar, but never argued a case before the court. (more…)



 
victoria e. mattews
black history, educationvictoria e. matthews
in 1861, victoria matthews was born. she was an african-american educator, writer, and racial advocate.  born a slave in fort valley near macon county, georgia she was the youngest of nine children. victoria’s father, and that of her sister anna as well, was also the family’s master; the light-skinned sisters were raised in his house when their mother ran away and freed when the civil war began.
their mother eventually came back to georgia, regained custody and moved them to new york city in 1873. victoria attended public school in new york for a while but had to leave to work as a domestic.
she married in 1879, settling in brooklyn where she soon began writing for the brooklyn eagle and the waverly magazine under the pen name victoria earle. in 1893 her story aunt lindy: a story founded on real life was published. matthews took a deep interest in black women’s issues.  (more…)



 
arthur springarn
black history, other, politicsarthur spingarn
arthur barnette spingarn (1878-1971) was an american leader in fight for civil rights for african americans.
spingarn was born into a well-to-do family. he graduated from columbia college in 1897 and from law school in 1899. he was one of a small group of white americans who decided in the 1900s (decade)to support the radical demands for racial justice being voiced by w. e. b. du bois in contrast to the more ameliorative views of booker t. washington. he served as head of the legal committee of the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp) and one of its vice-presidents starting in 1911. (more…)


charles edward anderson
black history, educationcharles edward anderson
charles edward anderson was born on a farm in university city, near st. louis, missouri on august 13, 1919. he graduated as valedictorian from sumner high school in 1937. he received a bachelor of science from lincoln university, jefferson city, missouri in 1941. he was certified in meteorology (master’s degree) from the university of chicago in 1943. charles anderson also earned a master of science inchemistry in 1948 from the polytechnic institute of brooklyn, new york. in 1960, mr. anderson earned a ph.d. in meteorology from massachusetts institute of technology, boston, massachusetts.
 (more…)


« older entries

 

categories
select category
black history  (183)
recipes  (209)
uncategorized  (1)



recipe randomizer

creamy mint liqueur
fried shrimp and walnuts
glazed roast duckling
fry bread
baked pheasant
island shrimp cocktail
creole champagne punch
golden parmesan potatos
garlic and lemon shrimp
shrimp-snow pea wrap
porcupine meatballs
peaches ‘n’ cream liqueur
spicy baked chicken
cajun shrimp mold
fish divan




visitors



 






 




copyright © 1996-2024 blackusa | 3519 ne 15th avenue #233, portland, or 97212 | info@blackusa.com | all rights reserved. 












