






spontaneous combustion storytellers




 
 a  silver ribbon  page 
 tom & sandy farley - tandem storytellers

storytelling and story writing for all ages

our storytelling page
introduces our tandem-telling style with links to program offerings and our two cds of stories words to the wise and words go questing.

 view our page on professional storyteller

our community garden page 
introduces our newest project, a csa we call himmelgarten.


our writing page 
introduces our fiction for younger readers and families, articles, and teaching aids including  earthcare for children, a first day school curriculum.



quaker connections

we are members of  palo alto meeting  of pacific yearly meeting  of the  religious society of friends [quakers]. 

we are developing a  page of quaker youth links  to quaker meetings, schools, camps, and youth projects including a list of films on peace and war issues for family viewing.




service projects

the sleepwetting forum is a web-site we created for family-to-family support in understanding, managing, and working to resolve sleepwetting [a.k.a. bedwetting or nocturnal enuresis] and other loss of bladder control by school-age children and teens.

avp - alternatives to violence project is an international network of groups offering basic and advanced workshops and training for facilitators. hipp help increase the peace project is the adaptation of avp for teen and preteen groups. we are available as facilitators for workshops in avp, hipp, creative conflict resolution, cooperative recreation, and theatre games.

balkan sunflowers - bsf is an international grassroots organization created to do social reconstruction during and following conflicts in former yugoslavia. in 1999 sandy and other volunteers went to kosova and albania to work as friends and neighbors, helping restore community life in ways that emergency aid and political support could not. bsf staff and volunteers continue to help in ways that money alone cannot.

 ben lomond quaker center is a conference center set in 80 acres of redwood and oak forest near santa cruz, california. the center offers workshops in quaker process, personal growth, spiritual concerns and social action. we help with a week-long residential co-ed summer camps there for ages 9 to 14.

 kiwanis international supports service projects for youth and families in our community and around the world. we are members of the  woodside terrace am kiwanis club of redwood city. 



 we have made a page of 
our favorite links 



page last updated on 9/28/2020 by  tom farley  of  spontaneous combustion 



