







bear creek golf course - medford, or





















































541.773.1822|get directions|
 

book tee times book toptracer book a party







homegolf
tee timescourse info & ratesmembershipgolf instructiongolf leaguestournamentstoptracer info & ratesmenuseat & drinkevents
book a partyevents calendarsubscribevisit uscontactmembershipspicture gallery 


 

































 














event calendar

upcoming events










membership

 










toptracerdriving range!

 










golf instruction

improve your game

























9-hole executive layout with spectacular views
bear creek golf course is a 9-hole executive layout nestled along a portion of beautiful bear creek in medford, oregon. for decades, this course has been one that locals and visitors alike have come to play and enjoy. bear creek is a great course for the beginner as well as the player looking to “knock off the rust”. if your short game needs some tuning, this is the place for you.








fly thru bear creek golf center




leagues




view upcoming events




contact us










receive exclusive deals
join our mailing list and​ be the first to receive golf updates and tee time deals.






first name(*)


invalid input



last name(*)


invalid input



email(*)


invalid input





submit















book a tee time: 541.773.18222355 s. pacific highway, medford, or 97501





 

© 2023 bear creek golf center | contact us | site map | powered by foreup
 







close 







home








reserve








rates








lessons








contact







homegolf
tee timescourse info & ratesmembershipgolf instructiongolf leaguestournamentstoptracer info & ratesmenuseat & drinkevents
book a partyevents calendarsubscribevisit uscontactmembershipspicture gallery


541.773.1822|get directions|
  
book tee times book toptracer book a party 





×



view menu here 






×



					bear creek closure- see you soon!				

 
during the unprecedented snow fall in medford this week, our driving range netting protection structure collapsed under the weight of the more than 10” of snow that has fallen in our area. we will be working to assess and rebuild the driving range netting protection as soon as possible. our golf course as well as bar and restaurant will be open with limited hours. thank you for your patience and concern – we will keep our progress on the range updated on our website and social media accounts.
bear creek golf center 





