






energy seminars, inc | continuing education for the energy industry



































 










seminars

natural gas 101
natural gas 202
natural gas transport 101
naesb gas contracts 101
naesb gas contracts 202
isda master agreements 101 & otc derivatives
isda master agreements 202
energy hedging 101
energy seminars in-house
midstream 101


instructors
dare to compare!
contact us
seminar cart
 





select page


  
 



 



 




















energy seminars, inc. produces seminars to provide continuing education for the energy producing, marketing, transportation, utility, and end-user industries. energy seminars was founded in 1994 and nearly 40,000 professionals from hundreds of companies have attended and re-attended our seminars. all courses are taught by the highest-caliber instructors who work or recently have worked for major companies in the energy industries. seminars can also be specifically designed to meet your training needs.






view all seminars

our most popular seminars include:
 































upcoming seminars and webinars





calendar of seminars

 



select a category
show all
all seminarsbudgeting for o&g companiescredit issuesdodd-frankeei master agreementsenergy hedging 101energy trading complianceferc & cftcisda 101isda 202leapmidstream 101naesb gas contracts 101naesb gas contracts 202ngeao emerging trends in energynatural gas 101natural gas 202natural gas contracts 101natural gas contracts 202natural gas seminarsnatural gas transport 101negotiation 101oil&gas economics 101power 101 

select a venue
show all
atlanta - hotel to be announcedclearwater beachcrowne plaza denvereqthouston texashouston, texas - the whitehall hotelhouston, texas-houston heights courtyard by marriottoklahoma city - tbapittsburghsan diegoseattle, washingtonto be announcedtulsa - to be announcedunion league club of chicagowebinarwest palm beachthecurtis 



























some more popular seminars:































































our seminars are available in-house as well! please contact us for more information.
















cutting edge information
all of our seminars are updated after every major market event. you can be sure that the information you receive is accurate and up to date.








experienced instructors
all of our instructors are currently working in the energy industry and have years of relevant experience with major industry players.








competitive prices
all of our seminars are priced between $898 and $997. compare to $1,895 elsewhere!








in-house options
all of our seminars are available as in-house options to provide you with significant savings on registration and travel fees.















continuing education
energy seminars offers almost 30 seminars on topics ranging from basic industry information to regulatory updates to advanced contracts and negotiations. we offer any seminar as an in-house option and several seminars are available online. our seminars provide excellent information in an easy-to-digest format. we know this because our customers tell us!


customer satisfaction

98%
98%


re-attendance

60%
60%































energy seminars, inc. produces seminars to provide continuing education for the energy producing, marketing, transportation, utility, and end-user industries. energy seminars was founded in 1994 and nearly 40,000 professionals from hundreds of companies have attended and re-attended our seminars. all courses are taught by the highest-caliber instructors who work or recently have worked for major companies in the energy industries. seminars can also be specifically designed to meet your training needs.











energy seminars, inc.click below to view our upcoming seminars
upcoming seminars









in-house trainingour seminars are available in-house as well! click below for more information.
learn more












 








designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 





























