









business travel agents india, uk, usa, singapore | cheap air tickets, holiday travel & tour operators | prime air global limited (primetravels.com)

































 
  






primetravles on twiter
linkedin
facebook





menu mobile

  




						home
					



				
					about us





 
								about prime travels							






 
								management team							






 
								primetravel locations							






 
								faq							






 
								privacy statement							






 
								what our visitors say							






 
								service standards							






 
								investor relation							






 
								careers opening							







				
					our services





 
								business travel							






 
								indian holidays							






 
								hong kong macau turbojet ferry service							






 
								leisure travel							






 
								frro services							







				
					booking





 
								flights from india							






 
								international hotels							






 
								indian hotels							






 
								corporate self booking tool							







				
					packages





 
								thailand - golf tours (far east)							






 
								ireland golf tours							






 
								uk golf vacation							






 
								weekend getaways							






 
								religious							






 
								deals							






 
								nature							






 
								leisure							






 
								wildlife							






 
								adventure							






 
								bestsellers holidays: indain luxury trains *new							







				
					resources





 
								travel to india							






 
								car rentals in india							






 
								weather							






 
								business & corporate travel services							






 
								resource centre							






 
								railways							






 
								india travel tips							






 
								india travel info							






 
								travel insurance							






 
								travel insurance for us residents							






 
								air charters							






 
								utility form							







				
					contact us




















  

  

  previous   next  




 
business travel
maping the unknown

 

 
mice
shaping the vision

 


leisure travel
making idea reality

 

 
indian holiday
pursuing the potential

 








airfares from usa to india


  new york-delhi-new york usd 48 + taxes 
  new york-bangalore-new york usd 61 + taxes 
  san francisco-mumbai-san francisco usd 304 + taxes 
   chicago-bangalore-chicago usd 124 + taxes 
  los angeles-chennai-los angeles usd 429 + taxes 
  los angeles-bangalore-los angeles usd 409 + taxes 
  san francisco-mumbai-san francisco usd 120 + taxes 
  houston-chennai-houston usd 867 + taxes 
  houston-mumbai-houston usd 554 + taxes 
  san francisco-mumbai-san francisco usd 187 + taxes 
  new york-bangalore-new york usd 169 + taxes 
  detroit-bangalore -detroit usd 188 + taxes 








airfares from uk to india



  london-bangalore-london gbp 121 + taxes  
  london-chennai-london gbp 107 + taxes  
  london-mumbai-london gbp 86 + taxes  
  birmingham-delhi-birmingham gbp 88 + taxes  
  manchester-bangalore-manchester gbp 87 + taxes  
  manchester-mumbai-manchester : gbp 90 + taxes 
  edinburgh-delhi-edinburgh gbp 90 + taxes 









airfare from  india to usa & uk



  delhi-john f kennedy-delhi 10000 + taxes  
  delhi-london-delhi  4225 + taxes 
  mumbai-london-mumbai 1000 + taxes  
  chennai-london-chennai 1000 + taxes 
  delhi-sydney-delhi  9700 + taxes  











online booking tool

my account sign in
new user sign up





×
prime air global limited (prime travels) operates in uk, usa, singapore and india. our global reach allows us to manage business travel in different continents. we have brought in a new energy in handling travel services, and be it business travel, leisure travel, company offsite or mice, or a plain hotel and car reservations - our team is excited to be your trusted partner. we are disrupting the standard practices, bring in efficiency and transparency in your travel program. you are a sme or a large sized corporation, we are flexible enough to work with you.
 we are big enough to matter and small enough to care!


prime air global limited is a global business travel management & leisure travel services

prime air global limited (d/b/a prime travels) offers corporate travel services and leisure travel for clients in various geographical regions.
prime travels is committed to bringing in cost efficient fulfilment on business travel management, offering innovative solutions and a service level that our competitors talk about. on corporate travel and leisure travel – we work with clients across different time zones, offer 24x7 customer support and help bring in savings on business travel.
read more 


global  travel management & leisure travel services

prime air global limited (d/b/a prime travels) offers corporate travel services and leisure travel for clients in various geographical regions.
prime travels is committed to bringing in cost efficient fulfilment on business travel management, offering innovative solutions and a service level that our competitors talk about. on corporate travel and leisure travel – we work with clients across different time zones, offer 24x7 customer support and help bring in savings on business travel.
read more 






other important links


 travel insurance
 international holidays
 travel to india







india: +91-11-4670 0000
            usa: +1 646-862-1010 
            uk: +44 20 4542 2836 
            sin: +65 3105 1695





prime air global limited is a global business travel management company for clients in india, usa, uk europe and asia pacific.
prime air global limited (trading as prime travels) is a global tmc working with clients not only in india but also in usa, uk, europe and apac region for business and leisure travel services.
we offer corporate travel services, mice, offsites, leisure holidays and much more. prime travels has its own presence in delhi, hyderabad london, new york and singapore and we work with our clientele as a partner to ensure cost savings on business & leisure travel, and make effective use of travel technology tools to monitor travel policy compliance, stop revenue leakage, traveller safety and much more, all backed by 24x7 customer support.
our online retail is prominently focussed on american and european/uk market and not only handles new travel reservations on flights or hotels but also offers customer service on date change, flight cancellations, excess baggage, covid travel protocol, and other ancillary services where you will end up holding the airline for hours should you were to call them directly.
as we are headquartered in india, so whether its business travel services in india or incoming holiday tours to india – we do it all with professionalism. we invite you to travel india and experience mystic journey to the land of charm and splendour. this country offers everything a visitor can ever ask for. from beaches, hill stations, wildlife sanctuaries, forts, palaces, castles, temples, india is place of rich tradition and idyllic atmosphere. if you want to travel india in a luxurious manner, get in touch with primetravels.com for your holiday plans or get cheap air tickets to india for discovering india without any hassles. one of our india subject matter expert will be happy to help you plan out travel india options with ease without fleecing you.
being a global company, we offer cost efficient inventory on flights and hotels, special interest tours or conferences, air charters or medical evacuation flights. our team is efficient, and can intelligently and effectively manage critical aspects of the corporate travel program, with impeccable service levels that our competitors and clients talk about! and bring in consistent savings.
all you have to do is contact the nearest location of prime travels in your region, tell us where you need to be and we will leverage our expertise and access to various global inventories on flights, hotels and other travel services to make sure you have a safe and comfortable trip.
 



                   


 visitors insurance (travel insurance for all nationals) | site map | careers | legal disclaimer and usage agreement | fedex and blue dart courier charges  | flights from washington-mumbai (india) | flights from london to mumbai, india | contact us | flights from london to delhi, india  | flights from san francisco to mumbai, india | flights from london to ahmeadabad, india | flight from new york to chennai, india | flights from new york to hyderabad, india | air ambulance charter services
 copyright © 1998-2025 prime air global limited (primetravels.com). |
    a global corporate travel management & leisure travel service provider


















