





  



kansas city full service web design, ecommerce development & seo company to help you grow your business



































7strategy - web design seo
 







studio
examples
design development

seo marketing

search engine optimization
pay per click
internet marketing
success stories
why we get hired


contact us








request a quote

































a different kind of company
through strategic planning we commit 7 deliverables for your business:

grow your revenue
improve your customer relations
lower your marketing costs
increase your brand awareness
enhance your brand loyalty
clean your house
mow your lawn



planning first

the internet has forever changed the sales, marketing, customer service, procurement and financial landscape for all businesses.  embracing the fundamental efficiencies and cost effectiveness of the internet is now essential for all organizations to remain competitive.  without the proper planning, goals, marketing or design, a website is doomed for failure.
our approach is strategic...no design work is undertaken before we set the goals, identify the target market and define the desired user action. 


personal service is one of the key ingredients in the success of 7strategy.  at 7strategy we like to feel we are working with our clients, as well as for them.  









home
studio
examples
design & development
seo & marketing
contact us

copyright © 2001-2025 7strategy llc. all rights reserved. 








youtube unveils a new red: a bold and subtle brand evolution youtube has refreshed its iconic red with a new red-to-magenta gradient to celebrate its 20th anniversary, enhancing visual appeal and color consistency across devices. the subtle update improves accessibility, encourages user interaction, and reflects the platform’s ongoing evolution. 

the dark side of ux: lessons from onlyfans’ addictive design onlyfans leverages a meticulously crafted ux to create a powerful sense of intimacy and exclusivity, captivating users while sparking ethical debates about manipulation and exploitation.  





7strategy is a progressive web design company and interactive agency that will help you develop engaging, functional and strategic solutions. we will show you how to harness the benefits of online customer engagement to ensure a quantifiable return on investment. 
the following divisions of our company work in unison to strategically plan, develop and deploy your marketing solutions. 


web design & development (including microsites and custom ecommerce) 
flash design, motion graphics & post production 
3d & interactive animation 
seo services & search engine marketing (sem) 
strategic planning & brand identity development 



why our clients choose us: 


you get over 10 years of experience 
you get award-winning solutions 
you get the latest technology 
you get innovative design 
you get a proven track record 


through strategic planning, as deliverables for each client, we commit to grow your revenue, increase your brand awareness, improve your customer relations, enhance your brand loyalty and lower your marketing costs.
most importantly we deliver bottom-line results. that is the competitive advantage of 7strategy. 
with the most comprehensive service offering of web design -- database development -- ecommerce website design -- seo services -- web 2.0 -- search engine marketing (ppc) -- content management solutions -- copywriting -- flash multimedia -- 3d development and web application development, growing your business is why we get hired. with the right image and our online marketing expertise we will drive and convert traffic into customers. 
please view our award winning website design portfolio and contact us to discuss what we can do for you. 
learn about our: 
		  
	  


business web site design
corporate web site design
custom web design
custom web site design


ecommerce web site design
professional web design
website design
web design


web design company
web designer
web design firm
web developer


web development company
web site design
web site design company
website designer


web site designer
web site design service
website developer
custom website design company


flash animation website design
interactive agency partner
website design company
website development


web design agency
web design companies




cities we serve: 
	  


seattle
michigan
chicago
tampa


atlanta
florida
california
miami


houston
orlando
portland
denver


arizona
kansas city
los angeles
new york












home web design - 

		      		local web designers - 
		      		atlanta seo company - 
		      		local web design - 
		      		jobs and careers - 
		      		seo services - 
		      		seo expert - 
		      		seo companies - 
		      		search engine marketing company - 
		      		seo agency - 
		      		internet marketing services - 
		      		internet marketing company - 
		      		kansas city seo









our corporate address is in olathe, ks


89 broadway ave  new york, ny 10006 


117 n. cooper st. olathe, ks 66061  






award winning web developer - web development company - web site designer
copyright © 2001-2025 7strategy llc. all rights reserved. 








					
	<!--a href="https://upcity.com/local-marketing-agencies/profiles/7strategy">
	 






