











freight broker training school, online career classes, courses

























































































have any questions? call(214) 206-1169info@transportationtraining.com 













home
about us

about our instructors
testimonials
student complaint
contact us


training course

course calendar
an introduction to our training course
course details
frequently asked questions
travel information
download course outline
veterans


enroll now
resources

articles
reference materials
useful links


blog
online career
requirements for broker or agent
























 





the sky's the limit... 

with freight broker training from
brooke transportation training solutions 


 



 














sales intensive course for freight brokers & dispatchers
boost your sales with tips and tricks you'll learn from sales guru bryan flanagan and freight broker expert jeff roach.  









basic freight broker training course
$2495
this one-week class is jam-packed with everything you need to know to become a successful freight broker or agent.




call (214) 206-1169






advanced freight broker training course
$3995
this 4-day course takes you "on location" to a real freight brokerage and gives you hands-on experience.

are you a veteran? you may qualify for a 100% financial aid for veterans through the vocational rehabilitation department.
school number: s2133
you must have a counselor in order to qualify. contact your counselor, give them our school number (s2133) then ask your counselor to contact school director janis roach at (817) 999-5398 tto confirm if you qualify. only disabled veterans and vocational rehabilitation counselors call this number.
this is the same process for all applicants who want to apply for financial aid through the state's rehabilitive services, or through the veterans affairs administration. 
contact us today


name*


first



last

email*

phone*

  










this iframe contains the logic required to handle ajax powered gravity forms.


student testimonials:this was one of the best experiences this year. the instructors were great, full of a lot of experience, with a great sense of humor. i will recommend this course to anyone who wishes to join the freight broker business.j. mauridithe first week of class has been very informative about transportation brokering. the instructors have been very helpful with clearing up knowledge and making me feel comfortable with all of the information and program that goes along with this career.t. thompsonthis course was very informative - the instructors are extremely knowledgeable. it has prepared me so well on becoming a successful agent!j. grayall of the instructors were good - i learned so much from this training class...they were amazing. i will refer this class to people in the future.b. johnson
basic freight broker training course
$2495 (va approved)
*advanced course offered the week following each dallas basic course week, except nov/dec classes (see below).
upcoming dates/locations:


march

7-11 charlotte, nc14-18 dallas/ft. worth, texas28-sep1 chicago, illinois
enroll now



april

 atlanta, georgia dallas/ft. worth, texas jacksonville, florida ontario, california chicago, il
enroll now



may

 charlotte, nc dallas/ft. worth, texas jacksonville, florida ontario, california
enroll now




june

 atlanta, georgia dallas/ft. worth, texas
enroll now



july

 ontario, california chicago, il jacksonville, florida louisville, ky dallas/ft. worth, texas
enroll now



aug

 charlotte, nc dallas, tx
 jacksonville, fl
 ontario, ca

enroll now


advanced freight broker training
$3995 (va approved)
location: dallas/ft. worth
call to reserve a date
(214) 206-1169
upcoming dates/locations:


july

will be updated soon



august

will be updated soon



sept

will be updated soon




oct

will be updated soon



nov

will be updated soon



dec

will be updated soon


student testimonials:i really like the way the school used different individuals to bring out and focus on what is needed to get started as well as succeed in this business.  the way vinny presents his portion of the course is irreplaceable.  thank you so much. well worth the time and money.wilton w.vinny is an outstanding instructor. i believe he can help anybody gain clarity and move toward even more success in life with his training. i was able to move forward on several issues i've been stuck on for years. from the very first session i saw results and felt very comfortable with his warm, open, and caring approach. with his training i was able to determine what was truly important in life and translate that into specific actions. he was able to hold me to the goals we established and to keep me moving forward. i know he can do the same for you as well. he has that uncanny ability to get to the heart of the matter in an amazing way. through his training i was able to facilitate change very quickly and positively. i know that working with vinny will provide you with an amazing growth experience and lead to a positive change in your life. if you are ready for growth and a positive change, then i highly recommend my trainer, but most of all my friend, vinny.alex g.the freight broker advanced course helped me out to have a better point of view of the transportation industry. brooke imparted lots of resources that i am planning to use on my business. that is exactly what i was needing. i wish i could've taken this class before because it could have save me a lot of headaches. the class was fun, informative, and people are fun, pleasant, and a great source of information.leticia m.very informative and detailed. great student and instructor interaction. i would definitely recommend this course if unfamiliar with the transportation business. i was able to ask questions freely and the instructor did a great job of answering. the interaction with vinny was great as well, and more,the lessons were unique and fun.hugo l.
sales intensive course for freight brokers and dispatchers
call  (214) 206-1169
seats are limited. payment in full on credit card, or cashier check reserves your seat.schedule a class for your team with jeff: call (214) 206-1169 or contact jeff
increase your sales in a few days.
bryan flanagan, the king of all sales gurus, and jeff roach team up to teach this course. bryan knows sales, jeff knows the transportation industry from all angles. the investment will quickly pay for itself through increased sales and streamlined processes. 
“bryan is very refreshing and has a great presentation! every one of our agent family, who attended one of his presentations, was very impressed. he gave them a new outlook on sales and how to make a good sales call. after all sales and communications is what this business is all about and bryan will bring the best out in you!!" - ron moore, agent broker trainer
bryan is author of now go sell somebody something. he is a highly sought after dynamic and entertaining speaker with the zig ziglar group.
gear up for a great new year of sales with sales inspiration now.
email or call jeff roach for more information or to sign up: (214) 206-1169 contact jeffa successful freight broker's story

need to work from home?great home based business! students will learn freight brokering, and get the best hands-on training available. students will find customers and book freight while in class. they'll leave with classroom knowledge and hands on experience.
a freight broker/agent matches truckers with manufacturers who need goods moved across the country. freight brokers are always needed in the $600 billion a year transportation industry.
read more
why choose us?
why freight broker training services from transportation training solutions?
learn the secrets to success in the fast paced freight broker industry from the leading freight broker training school in america!
freight broker professionals are in high demand, no matter the state of the economy. a motivated freight broker, who has received the proper training, has a six figure earning potential. become a part of the exciting trucking, freight logistics, and transportation industries as a licensed freight broker. learn more about our freight broker training school curriculum, truck broker technology and freight broker classroom training facility on our official freight broker training site.  register for a freight broker training class or request additional information. work from home, or anywhere in the world with internet access, as a freight broker.
former truck drivers and truckers who receive formal freight broker training and learn about the freight brokerage and transportation logistics industries in our school earn more and drive less! whether you need motivation for your freight brokerage career, freight broker transportation business, or truck broker logistics services company, or simply for a better more balanced life, visit our online resource store. our store carries leading motivational and sales training products. learn about our freight broker training school instructors, transportation and trucking services affiliates, or learn more about our full-service freight broker training school. our freight broker training school is operated by skilled instructors from our successful expedited truckload freight brokerage.

become a freight broker professional and learn freight brokerage operational skills from transportation training today. change your future for the better.
brooke transportation training solutions specializes in delivering the nation's premier freight broker training school. learn more about our freight broker training school and available freight broker jobs for graduates. also get the details of our freight broker training curriculum and freight agent technology, and preview our freight broker training facility.
you can also request additional freight broker training school information, learn about our trucking broker, truck broker, freight agent and freight broker jobs. visit our freight broker training, truck broker, and trucking broker jobs training resource center to choose from a selection of the most effective freight broker, freight brokerage, transportation, logistics, and brokering freight training sessions.
brooke transportation training solutions also offers training and motivational products to better assist new freight broker training graduates, or motivate an experienced freight broker, trucking broker, or transportation broker in learning how to design and grow their own home based freight broker business skills and full-service freight brokerage. our unique freight broker training opportunity offers candidates a successful, balanced and rewarding transportation and logistics job career.
meet our staff, learn more about our own full-service freight broker training school, truck broker job training, and freight brokerage.speaker testimonial:
a word from guest speaker bryan flanagan:
you never graduate from learning!
brooke transportation training is a tremendous resource for you to begin your learning process. jeff roach and his staff provide a solid foundation on which to build your successful career in this industry. this is evidenced by the several aspects that are addressed in this training.
jeff believes that process is important. you will learn a process that leads to success. by following this process, you will increase your learning curve. the class also addresses industry-specific topics so that you leave with the knowledge to talk to any customer with transportation needs.
however, one of your best benefits is that you develop the self confidence to get off to a fast start in your new career.
i have had the opportunity over the past four years to view first-hand the transformation of the paricipants in this dynamic course. you will be glad you enrolled in this training. it will pay you dividends for years to come.
—bryan flanaganaffiliates



















official approvals approved by the texas workforce commission, career schools and colleges, austin, txmore infono license or bond needed.
you do not need to buy a license or bond to be a freight broker agent.more info
 questions or comments about freight broker training from brooke transportation training solutions, llc should be directed to: info@transportationtraining.com

contact us





name*


first



last

email*

phone*

  










this iframe contains the logic required to handle ajax powered gravity forms.






						© copyright 2004-2016 brooke transportation training solutions, llc. all rights reserved.					
site map
privacy policy










 

























