







home — honeybee international — worldwide shipping | ocean & air








































 







skip to content 







honeybee international

worldwide shipping | ocean & air
 


call us
customer login →

 






 
menu 
home
about
before you ship
services
tracking
gallery
request quote
contact
 












customs broker providing expeditious and compliant clearance
honeybee established its own customs brokerage services and is now able to assist our customers to overcome the complexity of customs clearance. honeybee are licensed professionals with more than 30 years’ experience in the industry.



international ocean freight service is our motto
we take pride by offering reliable and cost-effective options, such as an nvocc (non-vessel operating common carrier), and freight forwarders.



ground service inland trucking – outstanding flexibility and control
honeybee works primarily with reliable independent truckers and owner-operators to achieve the most competitive prices. we closely manage your domestic and regional shipments to meet the specific of your business needs.





vehicle shipping instructions
id requirements & regulations
cars must be completely empty from personal items and merchandise, except for factory installed equipment. you may have no more than 1/4 tank of gas, and all keys must accompany cars. all cars must be in running condition for roll on/roll off service otherwise will be extra charge by the carrier.
custom regulations for ro/ro
a) customers must have original titles along with three copies of the title, each one separately notarized. these must accompany the vehicle to the port. if there are any liens against the vehicle, a notarized letter from the lien-holder authorizing the export of the vehicle must also accompany the car.
b) the price quote is based on cubic feet measurements. older, over sized, and customized vehicles will be measured at the port. if they differ from the measurements given by the customer, any additional cost most be paid prior to shipping.
c) price does include port fees in the usa. however, should your vehicle need to be stored at the us port for any reason (i.e. improper paperwork), those fees are also the responsibility of the shipper. the price does not include storage fees, handling and custom duties at the overseas destination.
d) vessel’s departure approximately every week, with delivery times of approximately 14-21 days. some destinations require a transshipment and may take an additional 7 to 21 days.

required documents:
we need the following information to make the booking, 
year, make and model of vehicle.license plate and vin number.car measurements for older, oversized or customized vehicle (length, width, height)car value in us dollars.name, mailing address and phone numbers in the us.name, mailing address and phone numbers overseas.full payment by cashiers check, visa, mastercard, american express or discover.copy (non-notarized) of the front and back of the title.a shipping order filled by the customer, signed and dated.for orders placed less than 5 business days before sailing, please add $25 service as expedited processing fee.



mission / vision
mission of honeybee: to deliver an exceptional customer experience through respect, integrity, reliability, professionalism, attention to detail, and competitive pricing using effective communication, having a passion for our work, and a dedication to our partners and customers worldwide.
vision of honeybee: to provide the best customer experience, competitive pricing and be the “top choice” to our partners and customers worldwide for international freight forwarding and logistics services.






we provide safe & affordable cargo services
honeybee international inc. is the worldwide leader in vehicle shipping services.





get quote →


















servicesocean freight
container auto shipping
customs declarations
cargo insurance
safe & reliable warehousing
inland trucking
lcl services
ro/ro services
 

useful linkscurrency converter
sea shipping tracking
vehicle export requirements
vin free check – vehicle history reports
marine traffic
new client forms


follow usfacebook
 


address

7815 somerset blvd.paramount, ca 90723u.s.a.



contact us

phone: +1 (909) 596-9006fax: +1 (909) 596-8688honeybeinc@aol.com;info@honeybeeinternational.com


 






privacy policy • dashboard login 

© 2025 honeybee international • built with generatepress 




 


 


























































































































