










home | college of chemistry






















skip to main content









toggle navigation










                                      college of chemistry                                  



 



search terms 


 submit search

 

the college  




 the central mission of the college of chemistry is to advance society through education and research, and we have made it our responsibility to fulfill this mission, year in and year out, for more than 140 years. 

overview
college leadership
history
facts
centers & institutes
major awards & honors
endowed lectureships
endowed chairs & professorships
diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
rankings
 





academics  




 our two departments provide fundamental and applied studies of an outstanding caliber. the remarkable breadth and depth of resources available to our students readies them as chemists and chemical engineers to address society’s most urgent 21st-century issues. 

overview
undergraduate majors/degrees
prospective undergraduates
undergraduate student services
cbe graduate programs
chemistry graduate programs
 





faculty & research  




 college faculty have been leaders at the frontiers of knowledge since 1872. current pioneering research includes premier programs in catalysis, thermodynamics, chemical biology,  atmospheric chemistry, the development of polymer, optical and semiconductor materials, and nanoscience, among others. 

overview
chemistry faculty
chemistry research
cbe faculty
cbe research
research facilities
 





news  




 check out college of chemistry news articles and featured videos, as well as our biannual college magazine, catalyst. 

overview
news
press coverage
catalyst magazine
impact report
featured videos
student stories
 





events
connect  




 the college of chemistry is consistently ranked as one of the best places on earth to learn, teach, and create new tools in the chemical sciences. this is no accident. it’s the direct result of exceptional scholarship as well as thousands and thousands of donations from our loyal alumni and friends. 

overview
advisory board
berkeley catalyst philanthropic fund
 





giving





secondary navigation

chemistry
chemical & biomolecular engineering


                        quick links                        





quick links

admin & support
emergency info
building access
facilities operations
college directory
research safety
college library
seminars & events
contact us
single sign-on apps
 











 







 








 



















berkeley chemistry

advancing society through education and research





background image: chemist with flasks





















recent news














david schaffer named to nae
february 12, 2025david schaffer inducted by prestigious organization for world-changing research.read more about david schaffer named to nae 












student highlight: kaden pedro
february 11, 2025for #blackhistorymonth, chemical engineering student kaden pedro answered three questions about black history, experience and culture.read more about student highlight: kaden pedro 












kwabena bediako honored at third annual philomathia day
february 11, 2025the third annual philomathia day took place on jan. 31, and honored 2024 philomathia prize recipient professor kwabena bediako.read more about kwabena bediako honored at third annual philomathia day 












dr. daniel nomura selected as editor-in-chief of the aacr journal molecular cancer therapeutics
february 10, 2025the aacr today announced the appointment of daniel k. nomura, phd, as editor-in-chief of molecular cancer therapeutics.read more about dr. daniel nomura selected as editor-in-chief of the aacr journal molecular cancer therapeutics 





 




explore the college













        college leadership      











diversity, equity, inclusion, & belonging
information on deib programs in the college.








 














about the college
college overview, degrees offered, faculty, research, & more.

















department of cbe
information on the department of chemical & biomolecular engineering.

















department of chemistry
information on the department of chemistry.

















undergraduate student services
get help with enrollment, advising, counseling, & more.




















 
 
 
 
 



      advancing society through education and research    








college of chemistry

420 latimer halluniversity of californiaberkeley, ca 94720-1460(510) 642-5060
map

undergraduate student services
121 gilman hall university of california berkeley, ca 94720-1460(510) 664-5264 







dept of chemistry
graduate office419 latimer hall university of california berkeley, ca 94720-1460(510) 642-5882
dept of chemical & biomolecular engineering
graduate office201 gilman hall university of californiaberkeley, ca 94720-1462(510) 642-2291 






administration & support

admin, finance, technology building access college relations contact us diversity, equity, & inclusion facilities operations & research safety  information for staff information technology jobs shipping & receiving staff directory website update request 






uc berkeley

berkeley website  berkeley news campus administration campus events campus map the campaign for berkeley visiting berkeley 







follow us:facebook
x (formerly twitter)
linkedin
youtube
instagram
 















powered by open berkeley
accessibility statement
nondiscrimination policy statement
privacy statement
copyright © 2025 uc regents; all rights reserved

back to top








