








carmel boutique hotel | lamp lighter inn | carmel bed breakfast lodging


























































skip to content








831-624-7372 or 831-626-3856 

book nowcontactdirections 














 rooms & ratespoliciesspecialspet-friendlyattractionssister propertyproperty mapblogrooms & ratespoliciesspecialspet-friendlyattractionssister propertyproperty mapblogrooms & ratespoliciesspecialspet-friendlyattractionssister propertyproperty mapblog 














 











comfortable, creative ... stylish 







cozy spaces for wine reception,  breakfast and socializing ... 







all rooms are dog-friendly ... 







three minute walk to carmel beach 

select a room 


 


 




welcomeinnlight2023-06-13t09:28:12+00:00

welcome to carmel-by-the-sea & lamp lighter inncarmel lamp lighter inn is tucked into an ancient grove of trees and just steps to the famous carmel beach. the lush garden setting of this carmel, coastal inn is enchanting. hand-built birdhouses, vibrantly lighted fire pit and secluded gazebos are inspired sitting areas which delight visitors from all corners of the globe.
this carmel bed and breakfast is comprised of two charming cottages, four delightful guest rooms and the expansive sunset house suites. carmel’s lamp lighter inn has been serving as carmel, california lodging for the traveling public since 1912 – attracting couples looking for romance, soul searchers and business travelers. this carmel hotel is also pet and family friendly.
a light breakfast is available each morning: 8am – 10am.
the village of carmel-by-the-sea further intrigues travelers with the most spectacular beach in the world … carmel beach. the majestic big sur is just a short drive south and the opulent pebble beach is adjacent to the north of this carmel boutique inn. carmel’s lamp lighter inn and sunset house suites is an easy drive from the monterey peninsula.
livin’ the carmel lifestyle!
surround yourself with the beach vibe.
relax in your own spa tub.
enjoy quiet time with a book or loved one.
walk to shop and restaurants.
lunch with friends.
stroll to the famed carmel beach.
get reacquainted with family members.
indulge in carmel’s nightlife.
guest review
“love the lamp lighter! cute clean rooms, wonderful patio, friendly hosts and best of all, a few short blocks from the best beach in california. pet friendly, staff always accommodating, nice continental breakfast. it’s the only place we stay in carmel. highly recommend.”
– jn, tripadvisor




 
 





 lamp lighter inn
a carmel boutique inn
ocean & camino real
p.o. box 6286
carmel-by-the-sea, ca 93921
831-624-7372 or 831-626-3856
innkeeper@carmellamplighter.com
https://carmellamplighter.com

 

 
we encourage our guests to “fly monterey!”
https://www.montereyairport.com
get direct monterey flights to and from dallas, denver, san diego, phoenix, los angeles, san francisco, and las vegas!

 

 visit our family of carmel hotels

ada / accessibility
privacy policy
disclaimer
tos

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025   |   elegant website design & photography: innlight marketing   |   site map 



 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





carmel by the sea … on the california coast monterey county offers iconic california experiences by highlighting everything that’s best about the golden state. there are few places on earth as incredibly dynamic and picturesque, with its rugged coastline, beautiful beaches, inland vineyards, world class golf courses and quaint seaside villages. there are dozens of memorable activities, both indoor and out, which cater to every taste and age. it was difficult narrowing our favorites to only ten, but here are the absolutely “don’t miss” vacation experiences for a trip to carmel-by-the-sea.
monterey bay aquarium & cannery row
one of the world’s best aquariums is a “don’t miss” for the whole family!
hike pt. lobos state reserve
“the greatest meeting of land and water in the world”, famed landscape artist francis mccoma’s bold but justified claim for the area.
wine walk carmel by-the-sea
leave the car in park and enjoy a superior wine-tasting experience on this self-paced, self-guided stroll to tasting rooms.
explore the rugged central coastline with a drive to big sur.
walk on the purple sand at pfeiffer st. beach, featuring an 80-foot waterfall that drops from granite cliffs into the ocean from the overlook trail.
shop ‘til you drop!
explore the chic boutiques, antiques and galleries in the european-style seaside village of carmel by-the-sea.
let the day go to the dogs!
an afternoon run on carmel’s beautiful “leash-free” beach is sure to build up a thirst, to be quenched at “yappy hour” where you’ll mingle with locals and visitors alike at cypress inn’s pet-friendly “terry’s lounge”, co-owned by legendary screen star doris day. mutt-tini, anyone?

 






 
 
page load link




winter free night stayget the details here!



 
















































































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok

 




