







stephen kellogg


















































                        home
                      



                        updates
                      



                        tour
                      



                        music
                      



                        book
                      



                        film
                      



                        tedx talk
                      



                        contact
                      



                  welcome
                



              family store
            













                        home
                      



                        updates
                      



                        tour
                      



                        music
                      



                        book
                      



                        film
                      



                        tedx talk
                      



                        contact
                      



                  welcome
                



              family store
            























 



  


    pre-order the album
  




    winter tour tickets
  

 

















u p d a t e s



join sk's mailing list & get his cover of whitesnake's "here i go again"!










uk tour dates on sale now!







2 new singles out now!







sk headlines london 4.7







2025 cookery on sale now!







sk at green river festival



















t o u r   d a t e s















m u s i c





































































































































































































































 

b o o k















stephen’s first book “objects in the mirror: thoughts on a perfect life from an imperfect person” was released in july of 2020. it’s a collection of essays that explores what it means to be alive. like polaroids framing the years of a troubadour and family man afflicted with an excess of self-awareness, these are stories without any clear good guys or bad guys. instead, in each of these vignettes you will find dysfunctional humans trying to do their best and bouncing off each other in the process. it features a foreward written (and read in the audiobook) by counting crows frontman adam duritz. it’s available at these fine retailers, with autographed copies shipping daily from our very own kellogg family store.




    buy the 3rd edition of the book
  



p r a i s e    f o r    t h e    b o o k













“ brutally honest, funny, poignant and emotional. a damn fun read by a furtive mind willing to share its most precious contents.” -james campion, author of accidentally like a martyr














my copy of objects in the mirror has seen better days. it’s got whole paragraphs that are underlined and several pages that are dog-earred so i can go back and read them again. sk’s book is full of heart, humor and wisdom—just like the author. -alison hammer, author of you and me and us



“one can’t help but devour this honest and vulnerable take from stephen kellogg. a rare voice of positivity and lightness when we need it most.” -s.e. cupp, host of cnn’s s.e. cupp unfiltered



“passion, legacy and purpose: stephen has blended those three attributes into one monumentally moving message.” -shep and ian murray, ceos & co-founders of vineyard vines“everyone should read it.” - larry groce, mountain stage



i was expecting a memoir of a life on the road by this hard-working singer-songwriter. instead, i was surprised by this graceful collection of essays on marriage, friendship, kids, humor, integrity, forgiveness and legacy. a self-described “imperfect person,” has written a thoughtful book about things that matter. -steve, goodreads

 













f i l m 



what was meant to be a short video on the making of stephen’s 2015 album “south west north east” soon turned into a 30 minute feature documentary on what it really looks like to be a dedicated artist and family man. featuring cameos by marc roberge, josh ritter and serena ryder. no depression says he’s “the best songwriter you’re not listening to” and cbs radio calls him “the best live act you’ve never seen.”















t e d x    t a l k



given in the spring of 2013, “i can’t get no (job) satisfaction” was one of stephen’s first speaking engagements. since its release, he’s delivered a tailored version of it for companies and organizations from coast to coast. he’s taken his ability to connect and share insights to audiences of all ages, traveling to schools, and workshops. interested in having stephen come speak at your event? drop us a line.















c o n t a c t



stephen kellogg has surrounded himself with a hardworking, experienced team to handle all facets of his career. these contacts to your right will help you with anything from concert and private event booking, to speaking engagements, and even making edits to your online order from the kellogg family store. no matter what your question or concern, this team has you covered.   



managerjessica k martinmarionette mgmtjkmartin@marionettemgmt.comday to day manager dale b campbellmarionette mgmt dbcampbell@marionettemgmt.comstore supportthe kelloggsfamilystore@stephenkellogg.com



booking + private eventsalex fangnew frontier touringafang@newfrontiertouring.com peter loomisnew frontier touringpeter@newfrontiertouring.comliterary agentjoanna mckenzienelson literary agency, llcjmackenzie@nelsonagency.com


































































back to top


powered by squarespace


newsletter signup










