




 


american professional wound care association - home













log in








log in with facebook


log in with google































remember me
forgot password









 



 



home




about



mission statement




board of directors




corporate partners







education



quarterly webinars




wound care review course







membership



overview




special interest groups (sigs)




corporate partnerships




application




why maintain your membership




member advocacy




enter member portal







certification



american board of wound healing




abwh prep information




abwh certification exams







news/media



trivia tuesdays




advances in skin & wound care




wound care report




recent news




social hub







contact




member portal
































upcoming events



america/new_york
apwca innovation spotlight webinar: cemag care & conquering wound care smell

03/19/2025 6:00 pm


zoom webinar







recent news



don't miss out! register today for november 19th!

10/29/2024 3:24 pm


anonymous member



don't miss out! register today!

10/02/2024 1:09 am


anonymous member



apwca sigs (special interest groups)

09/17/2024 9:14 am


anonymous member





join apwca - leadership perspectives                     
“of the many reasons i value my apwca membership, one is being part of an organization that collaborates with others to advocate for what is best for both our wound care patients and the practitioners that provide care to those patients.” dr. jeffrey d. lehrman, board member - apwca

become a member of apwca today! join now!

  np’s and pa’s are an important part of the wound care team.


  join wound healing heroes in the apwca.


  apwca is a non


  -


  profit


  association of medical providers from all disciplines who


  treat and prevent difficult wounds. we offer unique collaboration opportunities


  with industry colleagues, credentialing, exclusive member resources,


  publications and journals, conference discounts,


  and more.


  join today at apwca.org


  new member special


  join apwca by april 30 and


  receive a $25 gift card!


  np’s and pa’s are an important part of the wound care team.


  join wound healing heroes in the apwca.


  apwca is a non


  -


  profit


  association of medical providers from all disciplines who


  treat and prevent difficult wounds. we offer unique collaboration opportunities


  with industry colleagues, credentialing, exclusive member resources,


  publications and journals, conference discounts,


  and more.


  join today at apwca.org


  new member special


  join apwca by april 30 and


  receive a $25 gift card!



about apwcathe american professional wound care association® (apwca) is a non-profit medical association welcoming medical providers from all disciplines involved in prevention and treatment of difficult wounds. through a synergy of disciplines, apwca has been a worldwide leader in clinician advocacy and education for the prevention and treatment of acute and chronic wounds since 2001. this association provides an informational and educational forum for healthcare providers, while promoting excellence in wound healing and patient advocacy.

membership is open to physicians and allied medical specialists who are involved in treating patients with non-healing or complex wounds. these include: anesthesiologist/pain management, diabetologists/endocrinologists, general surgeons, infectious disease specialists, internists, wound care nurses, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, nutritionists, orthopedists, pedorthists, physical therapists, plastic surgeons, podiatrists, vascular surgeons, and all specialists involved in the management of wounds and the related complications.






 









the american professional wound care association® (apwca) is a non-profit medical association welcoming medical providers from all disciplines involved in prevention and treatment of difficult wounds. through a synergy of disciplines, apwca has been a worldwide leader in clinician advocacy and education for the prevention and treatment of acute and chronic wounds since 2001.  this association provides an informational and educational forum for healthcare providers, while promoting excellence in wound healing and patient advocacy.











6737 w. washington st. | ste 4210
milwaukee, wi 53214
office 414-488-3913
fax 414-755-1346
info@apwca.org
 




























terms of use




 










powered by wild apricot membership software














