





















plastic surgeon in cedar grove, nj & new york city | berlet plastic surgery









































































  rate us:       
 manhattan, new york office - (332) 232-5630 


 cedar grove office - (973) 857-7757 









berlet plastic surgery



home
about

meet dr. berlet
blog
testimonials


new patients

patient form


plastic surgery services

face

blepharoplasty
browlifts
facelifts
rhinoplasty
ear surgery
chin implants
earlobe reduction surgery


breast

breast reduction surgery
mastopexy aka breast lift


body

abdominoplasty (“tummy tuck”)
body lift surgery
brachioplasty – arm lift
liposuction
thigh lift
mommy makeovers
miradry
fillers

botox injections
juvederm / voluma
fat grafting






spa services

spa menu


photos
appointments
contact

cedar grove
new york


 





















we welcome new patients

we invite you to contact us today to discuss your care.  please don’t hesitate to call us at (332) 232-5630 - manhattan, new york  or (973) 857-7757 - cedar grove .

 read more 






 call manhattan, new york
 call cedar grove
request an appointment
  rate us:       
























welcome to berlet plastic surgery
you are made to feel welcome from the moment you walk through the doors at berlet plastic surgery. you will be greeted by a friendly and attentive staff and surrounded by the richness of marble floors and mahogany accents. our number one goal is patient comfort and total satisfaction.
whether you are coming in for cosmetic or reconstructive reasons, you will have the opportunity to meet with dr. berlet in a relaxed and confidential setting where you will have all your questions answered. because each individual is unique, dr. berlet will provide you with a personalized approach to attain the best possible result for you.
read more



 request your appointment today for personalized care! 
  request an appointment  







 












 anthony berlet, m.d. 
for over 30 years, dr. berlet has practiced as a new jersey plastic surgeon in essex county, bergen county, and the surrounding areas. as a result, dr. berlet developed a large clientele from around the country and abroad.
anthony berlet, m.d. is a well-established plastic surgeon who has been in practice for over 30 years in northern new jersey and has now expanded to manhattan, new york. over the years, he has developed a large clientele from this region, as well as from around the country and abroad. dr. berlet has formed a very strong reputation as a plastic surgeon due to his breadth of expertise in a wide array of cosmetic and reconstructive surgery procedures. new york and new jersey magazine, castle connolly for the new york metropolitan area, repeatedly recognize dr. berlet as a “top doctor.” his clients consist of many high-profile people in the entertainment industry including many models and centerfolds.

dr. anthony berlet: education & experience
dr. berlet is board-certified in both plastic and general surgery, which gives him a broad base of surgical expertise. he completed his medical school education and plastic surgery residency at the university of medicine and dentistry of new jersey. he also held an additional internship and general surgery residency at albert einstein medical center in philadelphia. his undergraduate training in architecture from the university of pennsylvania supplement his already sterling credentials. he graduated with honors. these skills translate beautifully into his work with patients every single day. his blend of art, design, and highly developed surgical skills truly sets him apart within the field of plastic surgery
in addition to being a highly skilled plastic surgeon, dr. berlet is also an architect, medical illustrator, and author. he has an extensive artistic background that allows him to see patients from a unique perspective. he was able to showcase this talent when he curated an art exhibition in new york city at the apexart art gallery. the concept showed plastic surgery as art. the show “i am art” opened to rave reviews from the new york times as well as international news agencies.
 meet anthony berlet, m.d. 










    tu navegador no soporta la reproducción de video. por favor, actualízalo o utiliza otro navegador.








doctor board-certified in both plastic and general surgery





testimonials





years of experience





advanced procedures offered







our services
at berlet plastic surgery, we offer a full range of advanced surgical and non-surgical procedures tailored to enhance and refine your natural beauty.
learn more






 facelifts 
 learn more 







 eyelid surgery 
 learn more 







 rhinoplasty 
 learn more 







 body sculpting 
 learn more 







 breast surgery 
 learn more 







 view all services 
 learn more 











appointments
we will do our best to accommodate your busy schedule.
request an appointment today!
  request an appointment 











 connect with us 



























 manhattan, new york 


  phone 
(332) 232-5630


  address 
 1016 fifth avenue (ground floor)new york, ny 10028 




 cedar grove 


  phone 
(973) 857-7757


  address 
 908 pompton avenue suite a-1cedar grove, nj 07009 




 get in touch 




name*phone*email*

message*please use this form for general information purposes only. do not send personal health information through this form. specific patient care must be addressed during your appointment.emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 




















 © copyright 2025 berlet plastic surgery sitemap | accessibility |  privacy policy website by doctor multimedia 









			×			


  call us   text us 




























skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset










