















welcome to edinburgh zoo | edinburgh zoo








skip to main content
site map

























secondary navigation


news


shop


venue hire




become a member
book tickets



visitbackplan your visithow to make the most of your day at the zoo!plan your visitadmissionsbackticketsmembershipschool visitsgroup visitsuniversal credit ticketstravel tradepart of your visitbackspooky season at the zoowee waddleour tips for familieswet weather dayspokémon go at edinburgh zoodinosaurs!opening hoursmaps and guidesaccessibilityfacilitiesfood and drinkgetting to the zooplaces to staygardensxanimalsbackmeet the animalsexplore 2,500 animals from around the world!meet the animalsanimal webcamshaggis the hippohabitatsveterinary servicesxevents and experiencesbackevent calendarexplore events at edinburgh zooget involved!events at the zoodaily talkskeeper experiencesbuild your own wild experiencehospitality and venue hirevenue and facilitiesbirthday partiesweddingscorporate hospitalityteam buildingxconservationlearning and community engagementbackmeet the teamthe rzss learning and community teamlearningplan a school visitlearn at the zoolearn from homecommunity engagementwhat we dowhat we offeroutreachxsupportbacksupport uswith more than a million species at risk of extinction, nature needs us all more than eversupport usbackways to supportways to support this christmasanimal enrichment giftscelebratory givingfundraise for wildlifebecome a membergive a donationadopt an animalleave a gift in your willbecome a patroncorporate supporttrusts and grantsjoin our volunteersx


secondary navigation


news


shop


venue hire





become a member























welcome to edinburgh zoo

home to the royal zoological society of scotland (rzss) and more than 2,500 incredible animals.


buy tickets today
plan your visit





















opening hours

tuesday 18 february10am – 4pm


view all opening hours



directions

location, parking, information and zoo map


getting to the zoo



upcoming events!

find out what events are on at the zoo


find out more



haggis the hippo

small but mighty, scotland meet haggis!


meet haggis




























meet the animals
have an un-fur-gettable day out at edinburgh zoo, home to over 2,500 incredible animals from around the world! the zoo is a gateway to the natural world, where you can experience nature, learn about the challenges facing wildlife and discover how our wildlife conservation charity is working to save animals from extinction. 
meet our animals












join the herd!
help the animals you love by becoming a member and enjoy wild days out at edinburgh zoo and highland wildlife park!by joining today, you help care for your favourite animals and protect vulnerable wildlife here in scotland and around the world. with more than a million species at risk of extinction, your support is more vital than ever. 
become a member 










our role in global conservation

by 2030 we will:






reverse the decline of 50 species

as our planet’s biodiversity declines at an alarming rate, modern-day zoos and wildlife conservation charities such as rzss are more relevant than ever before. with your support, we can achieve our pledge to reverse the decline of at least 50 species, from pine hoverflies and wildcats in the cairngorms national park, to chimpanzees in uganda, giant anteaters in brazil and many more.






create stronger connections

making nature more accessible is fundamental because people protect and value what they love and understand. edinburgh zoo is a gateway to the natural world through which people can learn about the challenges facing wildlife and how we can help save species from extinction. we pledge to create deeper connections with nature for more than a million people.






better protect nature

stronger communities have a greater capacity to care for wildlife – and through our zoos and our global reach we can help people realise the mental and physical health and wellbeing benefits of being close to nature. this is why we are pledging to enable more than 100 communities to better protect nature. now is the time to work more collaboratively than ever before.





















how you can help
together, we can create a world where nature is protected, valued and loved.more than a million animals are at risk of extinction. nature needs us all now more than ever. now is the time to act.your support will help protect the nature that you love today, tomorrow and for generations to come.
ways to support









our latest activity highlights







get involved in our wild events
upcoming events
view more









go behind-the-scenes to meet the animals you love
bespoke tours
find out more









have a t-riffic day out
dinosaurs! at edinburgh zoo
find out more












our latest news


view all news 







edinburgh zoo’s new capybaras go for a swim 
14 feb 2025
one minute read





three captured lynx thriving at edinburgh zoo
13 feb 2025
two minute read





edinburgh zoo welcomes two adorable capybaras in time for half-term
10 feb 2025
two minute read




































keep in touch with wildlife
be the first to hear about our latest offers, animal stories, event news and learn about the work we do for preserving endangered wildlife.
sign up now 
























connect with nature

connect menu


about the zoo


highland wildlife park


conservation


learning





get involved

involved menu


search our events


join our volunteers


become a member


corporate support





about us

about menu


our history


our mission


sustainability


governance





need help?

help menu


contact us


careers


media centre







your monthly donation can help save the animals you love

donate now 




























footer menu


sitemap


terms and conditions


entry terms and conditions


privacy and data protection


cookies policy


accessibility statement









owned by the royal zoological society of scotland, a charity registered in scotland (sc004064).registered address: 134 corstorphine road, edinburgh, eh12 6ts
© copyright 2025 royal zoological society scotland. all rights reserved.

















































