




  






home - mequon-thiensville chamber of commerce , wi























 

















































 toggle navigation   





business directory

about mtcc

board of directors
history & background
contact us



member center

log-in
benefits & programs
committees
gift certificate
premium marketing packages



chamber events

upcoming events
on-going events
annual awards event
annual golf classic



recent postings

business offers & hot deals
job postings
commercial & meeting spaces
events
news


community calendar

our community

community calendar
dining
festivals & entertainment
parks & recreation
gift certificate
shopping
village of thiensville
city of mequon
m-t school district



join the chamber

online application
benefits & programs









































































































business directory







map search







gift certificates







hot deals







community calendar


























pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events

















community events






























welcome to our community
the mequon-thiensville area chamber of commerce & industry provides opportunities for the business community to connect and grow. the chamber focuses on encouraging members to support members by enhancing and building loyalty between area businesses and the local community. we are proud to serve the strong, dynamic businesses in our community. we invite you to become involved.
the mequon and thiensville area offers a diversity of unique and extraordinary experiences and businesses. we encourage you to support the chamber member organizations included in our online business directory and to shop local first. flip through our interactive profile book or stop in to pick up a hardcopy.








 
 












welcome new members!



 

































upcoming chamber events





















 
 






access the member portal to post your business updates, enhance your directory, jobs, events, hot deals and individual profile listings.





































































 
 

































































































choose your dream team!








build professional relationships and strengthen chamber programs. sign-up to join a committee!
 































ambassadors






























golf committee






























awards committee






























young professionals














































































































































 

mequon-thiensville chamber of commerce
























































 mequon-thiensville chamber of commerce 

 6331 w. mequon road, mequon, wi 53092

 262. 512.9358

 info@mtchamber.org


















© copyright 2025 mequon-thiensville chamber of commerce . all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.




















 


