












college of staten island (csi) cuny










	skip to main content
































search




























admissions & aid


 admissions & aid
see all



find your fit


explore csi


visit csi 


paying for college 


financial aid


request information


reconnect program


for guidance counselors




how to apply


first-time freshman students


transfer students


graduate students


international students 


readmission for returning  students 


adult learners


admissions calendar




after acceptance


new student guide


testing & placement


orientation


clue


dolphin cove student housing


student handbook







academics and research


 academics and research
see all



programs & offerings


departments & programs 


general education 


honors programs 


diversity & opportunity programs 


study abroad 


graduate & doctoral programs 


continuing & professional studies 


research centers




enrollment


catalog 


class search 


open & closed class report 


registrar 


academic calendar




resources & support


academic advisement 


academic support programs 


tutoring 


library 


bookstore 


faculty 


deans & departmental chairpersons 


technology & online resources 







student life


 student life
see all



student services


career & professional development


health & wellness


counseling


accessibility


diversity at csi


veterans support


dolphin card




campus services


dining


dolphin cove student housing


center for arts


art gallery


astrophysical observatory


library


safety & security


transportation & parking




get involved


division ii athletics


student involvement


student jobs


clubs & organizations


csi connect


free speech







about csi


 about csi
see all



connect with csi


news 


events


campus map 


campus directory


alumni 


make a gift 




who we are


president & leadership 


dean & departmental chairpersons  faculty 


faculty


about cuny 


community




csi highlights


rankings & recognitions 


diversity, equity & inclusion 


accreditation 


institutional research 


sustainability 
















search


















academic calendar


campus directory


for faculty & staff


make a gift


log in



csi connect


cunyfirst


d2l brightspace


degreeworks


dolphin card


email for faculty/staff


email for students


navigate for faculty/staff


navigate for students





apply to csi















homepage











empower your future at the college of staten island


explore. achieve. succeed.



learn more





pause
play



video file













admissions
start your csi journey!




image
 















academic programs
and
departments




image
 















explore campus life
see how to get involved on campus




image
 















connect with alumni
keep in touch with college friends!




image
 






















highlights







image
 
















csi swimming & diving teams earn cscaa scholar all-america team recognition




college of staten island swimming & diving teams has been named scholar all-america teams








image
 
















amazon career choice celebration honors graduates at csi




the college of staten island hosted the amazon career choice winter achievement celebration








image
 
















2025 undergraduate conference on research, scholarship, and the arts




the office of academic affairs is pleased to announce that the 2025 undergraduate conference on research, scholarship, and the arts is scheduled to take place: thursday, may 1, 2025 / 11:30am – 4:30pmstudent applications and abstract submissions are due tuesday, march 4, 2025








image
 
















catch “major of the month” features on csi-tv




csi-tv, the college of staten island’s official youtube page, has launched an exciting new feature called major of the month. originating from csi’s social media channels, the extended versions of major of the month take viewers behind the scenes








image
 
















csi expands medical internship program in morocco for summer 2025




on the heels of another incredible experience for students in the medical internship in morocco program this winter, the college of staten island center for global engagement is expanding the program to run again in the summer of 2025. 








image
 
















csi significantly improves in studyabroadaide.com’s world university rankings




the college of staten island’s ranking in studyabroad.com’s world university rankings has increased over the past year. in 2024, csi was in the top 58% of the 8,027 ranked colleges. in 2025, the college placed in the top 37% out of the 8,536 institutions assessed.








image
 
















cuny celebrates a year of growth in 2024




in 2024, cuny increased enrollment and applications, received record-high donations and made other strides in attaining the goals enshrined in our strategic roadmap, which is guiding the university’s transformation. 








image
 
















welcome admitted students!




congratulations on your admission to the college of staten island! we have designed this page to provide you with all of the information and opportunities you need in your exploration of csi.







previous






next







        pause autoplay
      









    latest news









 










mon, feb 17 2025



        csi women’s soccer head coach alex mendolia shares his journey with the u.s. wom...
      







 










sun, feb 16 2025



csi baseball season preview: dolphins look to secure playoffs in ’25








 










fri, feb 14 2025



the winter involvement fair provides a warm welcome for students








 










thu, feb 13 2025



college of staten island hosts bike donation drive to support local community








previous




1/4

next







view all news


















csi campus events








feb 10, 2025 - 12:00pm
 to mar 7, 2025 - 4:00pm



art exhibit: y tus papeles? / verified by proof








feb 19, 2025 - 12:00pm
 to 1:00pm



college of staten island’s rn–bs program in nursing








feb 19, 2025 - 12:00pm
 to 2:00pm



intergenerational connections








feb 20, 2025 - 12:00pm
 to mar 12, 2025 - 4:00pm



exhibition of student artwork spring 2025: sculpture, animation, drawing, and printmaking








feb 20, 2025 - 2:30pm
 to 6:30pm



reception: sculpture, animation, drawing, and printmaking






view all events / submit an event














start your journey today


explore our programs and discover your future at our college.



apply now





 























dolphin chronicles
a look into some of the amazing achievements and success stories of our students, faculty, and alumni.




 

alex mendolia, women’s soccer head coach women’s soccer head coach alex mendolia secured the opportunity of a lifetime during the summer of 2024 as he joined the support staff of the united states women’s national team. 



 

ava chin, professor in englishthe asian american / asian research institute (aaari) has announced that professor ava chin of the college of staten island and the cuny graduate center is a recipient of the esteemed betty lee sung research endowment fund. 



 

amazon career choice winter achievement celebrationthe college of staten island hosted the amazon career choice winter achievement celebration on thursday morning, honoring the achievements of the first cohort of graduates who successfully completed their programs through amazon’s career choice initiative. 



 

gonzalo villena, director of study abroadaifs (american institute for foreign study) abroad and the council on international educational exchange (ciee) have named gonzalo villena, director of study abroad at csi’s center for global engagement as a 2025 ping taylor fellow



 

susana sanz,  visiting fulbright scholarthe csi department of political science and global affairs has recently welcomed visiting fulbright scholar susana sanz caballero to its faculty.



 

oswaldo zavala, professor of latin american literature and cultureoswaldo zavala, professor of latin american literature and culture at the college of staten island and the graduate center, cuny, was quoted extensively in an article in courthouse news service 



 

trevor spisto, alumnus alumnus and author trevor spisto joins csi today talks. 



 

paul proscia, studenta conversation with paul proscia, a senior at csi studying psychology and biology, and founder of the marine biology society.






previous




1/8

next



















 




















        experience student life like never before
    


discover the vibrant campus life at our college and get involved in various activities and events. from clubs and organizations to sports and cultural events, there's something for everyone.



 
 learn more
















        virtual campus tour
    


the next best thing to a real campus tour! experience some highlighted destinations on our beautiful 204-acre campus.



 
 csi virtual tour










 





































transportation, directions, parking
2800 victory blvd
	staten island, ny 10314
718.982.2000







image
 











connect with us


contact admissions


contact human resources


campus directory


news


events / submit an event


library


campus map


careers at csi




legal


consumer information for prospective & current students


policies, procedures & governance


notice of non-discrimination


reporting alleged fraud, abuse or misconduct


enough is enough combating sexual misconduct











 


copyright
sitemap
text to speech




















































































