







visionlearning | your insight into science


























			jump to main content
		

			jump to website footer
		










about
contact
jobs
register








sign in

español












                    search



































































library
learning modules




glossary
science terms




classroom
custom courses









        a free learning space for science educators and students	


browse our disciplines











             biology
         



life as we know it is a wonderfully diverse enterprise. organisms pass traits from parent to offspring, function in a varied and changing environment, and... 












             chemistry
         



the universe is a vast soup of interacting particles and energy. the ways in which those interactions take place, as well as the structure and... 












             earth science
         



from the deep sea vents of the cayman trough to the shield volcanoes of the hawaiian islands, earth scientists explore the structures and processes that... 












             environmental science
         



understanding interactions and change in the world around us and our environment, requires integrating what we know from many different fields. our environmental science library... 












             general science
         



certain physical properties, processes, and concepts are fundamental to all areas of scientific study. understanding the ways in which energy transfers from one object to... 












             math in science
         



the german mathematician carl friedrich gauss referred to mathematics as the "queen of the sciences". in doing so, gauss not only identified math as a... 












             physics
         



when buzz aldrin joined neil armstrong on the moon in 1969, one of the first things he did was to try one-footed kangaroo hops. why?... 












             process of science
         



what is it about a scientific theory that sets it apart from other ideas? how does one conduct and control a scientific experiment? why do... 












             scientists and research
         



for many people, the first thing they imagine when hearing the word "scientist" is a man in a white lab coat, maybe with crazy hair.... 







about visionlearning



an online learning space for science educators and students.
we provide high-quality, accessible, educational material in the science, technology, engineering and mathematics (stem) disciplines at the introductory undergraduate level.

about us





a new vision for teaching and learning science.
our exclusive content integrates science and engineering practices with disciplinary core ideas and cross-cutting concepts in alignment with the next generation science standards.

about ngss








		        explore our features			




						learning modules					

						our library includes more than just scientific concepts. our learning modules explore the stories of the people behind the science and how we have come to know what we know.					



library







						science terms					

					our glossary is a comprehensive collection of scientific terms and concepts used in the stem disciplines. it's a valuable resource for students, educators, and anyone interested in understanding scientific concepts and terminology.					



glossary







						custom courses					

						our classroom is a customizable environment dedicated to the content available on the website. here educators can create personalized classrooms with specific course modules, make comments, store lesson plans, and track student progress.					



classroom









			new and featured learning modules
		








				    process of science				


					description in scientific research				

observation is an important tool for scientific researchers, and describing what is observed is a...		    









				    scientists and research				


					craig lee				

with a warming climate around the world, astounding archaeological finds have been melting out of...		    









				    chemistry				


					atomic theory iv				

our atomic theory series continues, exploring the quantum model of the atom in greater detail....		    









				    chemistry				


					the periodic table of elements v				

the periodic table allows us to easily view the 118 known chemical elements according to...		    

















						    biology						






life as we know it is a wonderfully diverse enterprise. organisms pass traits from parent to offspring, function in a varied and changing environment, and carry out a myriad of complex biochemical processes. understanding the principles of biology helps give context and clarity to larger scientific and social issues. our biology learning modules reveal the current state of scientific understanding on topics like cell structure and function, genetics, taxonomy, evolution by natural selection, and more.


fact:
just like other organisms, bacteria need food to function.








biological molecules




                carbohydrates:            
simple sugars and complex carbohydrates 




                fats and proteins:            
structure and function of essential nutrients 




                biological proteins:            
amino acids, peptide bonds, and protein structures 




                blood biology i:            
components of blood 




                lipids:            
composition, structure, and function 




cell biology




                discovery and structure of cells:            
cell theory, prokaryotes, and eukaryotes 




                respiration:            
oxygen, gas exchange, and energy release 




                membranes i:            
structure and function of biological membranes 




                membranes ii:            
passive and active transporters 




                cellular organelles i:            
endosymbiosis and membrane-bound organelles 




                cell division i:            
the cell cycle 




                cell division ii:            
mitosis 




                membranes and chemical transport:            
absorption, distribution, and storage of substances in organisms 




energy in living systems




                energy metabolism i:            
glycolosis and the krebs cycle 




                energy metabolism ii:            
the generation of atp 




                photosynthesis i:            
harnessing the energy of the sun 




evolutionary biology




                origins of life i:            
early ideas and experiments 




                origins of life ii:            
primeval environments and the origins of rna 




                extinction:            
when species come to an end 




                paleontology and the fossil record:            
reading the clues 




                mass extinctions:            
major turning points in biodiversity 




                charles darwin i:            
the origin of species 




                charles darwin ii:            
natural selection 




                charles darwin iii:            
descent with modification 




                adaptation:            
the case of penguins 




                taxonomy i:            
what's in a name? 




                taxonomy ii:            
nomenclature 




                introduction to paleoanthropology:            
bones, stones, and tools 




                the piltdown hoax:            
a lesson on confirmation bias in science 




                future of human evolution:            
artificial selection and transhumanism 




genetics




                inheritance:            
mendel's experiments and laws 




                independent assortment:            
mendel's testcrosses and punnett squares 




                dna i:            
the genetic material 




                dna ii:            
the structure of dna 




                dna iii:            
the replication of dna 




                tracking human ancestry:            
the y-chromosome and mitochondrial dna 




                gene expression:            
enzymes and hereditary conditions 




                population genetics:            
hardy-weinberg and genetic drift 




ecology




                biodiversity i:            
definitions and patterns of diversity 




                ecosystem services:            
categories and valuation 




                animal ecology:            
competition, predation, and cooperation 




                biodiversity ii:            
changing habits and habitats 




                animal behavior:            
causes and approaches to studying behavior 




                population biology:            
carrying capacity, demographics, and cycles 




                trophic ecology:            
feeding relationships and energy transfer 




















						    chemistry						






the universe is a vast soup of interacting particles and energy. the ways in which those interactions take place, as well as the structure and composition of matter, is the main focus of the field of chemistry. our chemistry learning modules introduce you to the world of chemistry, exploring current research and scientific findings on concepts like the structure and function of atoms, forms of energy and its transfer, chemical bonding and reactions, and more.


misconception:
only things that are warm or hot have thermal energy.








atomic theory and structure




                early ideas about matter:            
from democritus to dalton 




                the periodic table of elements i:            
the periodic table 




                the periodic table of elements ii:            
history and development 




                the periodic table of elements iii:            
electron configuration 




                the periodic table of elements iv:            
chemical families 




                the periodic table of elements v:            
periodicity 




                atomic theory i:            
detecting electrons and the nucleus 




                atomic theory ii:            
ions, neutrons, isotopes and quantum theory 




                atomic theory iii:            
wave-particle duality and the electron 




                atomic theory iv:            
quantum numbers and orbitals 




                the mole and atomic mass:            
definitions, conversions, and avogadro's number 




physical states and properties




                states of matter:            
kinetic molecular theory and phase transitions 




                substances:            
pure substances and mixtures 




                properties of solids:            
the influence of crystal structure on behavior 




                properties of liquids:            
intermolecular forces, cohesion, adhesion, and viscosity 




                properties of gases:            
the gas laws and the ideal gas equation 




                diffusion i:            
random molecular movement and influences on diffusion rate 




                kinetic-molecular theory:            
molecule collisions, the mean free path, and modern kmt 




                solutions:            
molarity, solubility, and colligative properties 




                water:            
properties and behavior 




chemical relationships




                chemical bonding:            
ionic and covalent bonds and polarity 




                stoichiometry:            
the proportional nature of chemical reactions 




                chemical equations:            
using shorthand to show balanced reactions 




                acids and bases i:            
definitions, ph and neutralization 




                acids and bases ii:            
conjugate ions and buffers 




reactions and changes




                chemical reactions:            
types of reactions and the laws that govern them 




                chemical reactions ii:            
reaction kinetics 




                nuclear chemistry i:            
radiation, half-life, and nuclear reactions 




                carbon chemistry:            
simple hydrocarbons, isomers, and functional groups 




















						    earth science						






from the deep sea vents of the cayman trough to the shield volcanoes of the hawaiian islands, earth scientists explore the structures and processes that define our world, the forces that continue to sculpt it, and how these processes have interacted over the last 4.6 billion years of earth's history. our earth science modules introduce how scientists use detailed observations, modeling, and comparative studies to develop their understanding of plate tectonics, the foundational theory of the earth sciences, as well as biogeochemical cycles, the structure of the earth and its atmosphere, and rocks and minerals.


fact:
air temperature is affected by the height above sea level.








plate tectonics




                origins of plate tectonic theory:            
from early ideas to mapping the ocean floor 




                plate boundaries:            
tectonic activity where plates interact 




                earth structure:            
a virtual journey to the center of earth 




earth cycles




                the rock cycle:            
uniformitarianism and recycling 




                the hydrologic cycle:            
reservoirs and fluxes of water on earth 




                the carbon cycle:            
geology, biology, and the impact of human activities 




                the nitrogen cycle:            
of microbes and men 




                the phosphorus cycle:            
phosphates and fertilizer 




rocks and minerals




                defining minerals:            
composition and crystal structure 




                identifying minerals:            
characterizing minerals' physical properties 




                the silicate minerals:            
the silica tetrahedron and earth's most common minerals 




atmosphere and oceans




                ocean currents:            
mapping and explaining the ocean’s gyres 




                water in the atmosphere:            
the factors that influence evaporation and condensation 




                weather, fronts, and forecasts:            
from observations to predictive models 




                history of earth's atmosphere i:            
the origin of the modern atmosphere 




                history of earth's atmosphere ii:            
the rise of atmospheric oxygen 




                earth's atmosphere:            
composition, temperature, and pressure 




                factors that control earth's temperature:            
energy from the sun and greenhouse gases 




                circulation in the atmosphere:            
earth's tilt, orbit, rotation, and the redistribution of energy 




hazards




                natural hazards and risk:            
where earth processes and society intersect 




earth history




                extinction:            
when species come to an end 




                paleontology and the fossil record:            
reading the clues 




                mass extinctions:            
major turning points in biodiversity 




















						    environmental science						






understanding interactions and change in the world around us and our environment, requires integrating what we know from many different fields. our environmental science library provides learning modules that highlight the intersections between biology, chemistry, and earth science in order to help you understand complex issues and cause-effect relationships. discover how organisms interact with and adapt to their environment, the biogeochemical cycles that connect ecosystems with longer-term geological processes, and more.


misconception:
environmental conditions have pretty much stayed the same throughout the history of the earth.








ecology




                biodiversity i:            
definitions and patterns of diversity 




                biodiversity ii:            
changing habits and habitats 




                ecosystem services:            
categories and valuation 




                population biology:            
carrying capacity, demographics, and cycles 




earth cycles




                the nitrogen cycle:            
of microbes and men 




                the carbon cycle:            
geology, biology, and the impact of human activities 




                the phosphorus cycle:            
phosphates and fertilizer 




scientific research




                collaborative research in the arctic towards understanding climate change:            
the work of kevin arrigo 




                atmospheric chemistry research that changed global policy:            
the work of mario molina 




















						    general science						






certain physical properties, processes, and concepts are fundamental to all areas of scientific study. understanding the ways in which energy transfers from one object to another, for example, is as important to a biologist as it is to a chemist or physicist. our general science library provides learning modules that explain a host of universal principles, including the people who contributed to their development. these readings help to lay the foundation for your further exploration in science. modules in this area include basic scientific concepts such as density, temperature, the metric system, and more.


fact:
solid substances expand and contract with changes in temperature.








methods




                the scientific method:            
ways to test questions and hypotheses 




measurement




                the metric system:            
metric and scientific notation 




physical properties




                temperature:            
scales and conversions 




                density and buoyancy:            
definitions and units 




















						    math in science						






the german mathematician carl friedrich gauss referred to mathematics as the "queen of the sciences". in doing so, gauss not only identified math as a science itself in that it is defined as the study of numbers and their operations, but also as the underlying foundation for all other sciences  allowing scientists to describe patterns in data, relationships between variables, and fundamental principles discovered in our quest for knowledge. from the study of a wave, which can be described by its length, height, and frequency, to the measurement of the rate at which the tectonic plates in the earth's crust are moving, mathematical principles are fundamental to understanding and doing science. our math in science modules discuss select mathematical principles in context of their use across different scientific disciplines, focusing explicitly on how these principles are used in science.


misconception:
multiplying always increases a number.








equations




                unit conversion:            
dimensional analysis 




                linear equations:            
relationships with two variables 




                exponential equations i:            
growth and decay 




                exponential equations ii:            
the constant e and limits to growth 




                scientific notation:            
working with orders of magnitude 




                measurement:            
units, measuring strategies, and error 




statistics




                introduction to descriptive statistics:            
using mean, median, and standard deviation 




                introduction to inferential statistics:            
describing patterns and relationships in datasets 




                statistical techniques:            
constructing a confidence interval 




trigonometric functions




                wave mathematics:            
trigonometric functions 




















						    physics						






when buzz aldrin joined neil armstrong on the moon in 1969, one of the first things he did was to try one-footed kangaroo hops. why? to test out methods for moving around in lunar gravity (which is 1/6th that of earth's). aldrin was experimenting with physics, a discipline that involves the study of matter and forces and how they interact in space and time. the modules contained in our physics library explore the properties of light, electromagnetism, gravity, and more.


misconception:
increasing speed requires increasing force.








light and optics




                the nature of light:            
particle and wave theories 




                electromagnetism and light:            
introduction to the electromagnetic spectrum 




mechanics




                defining energy:            
forms of energy, conversions, and measuring 




                waves and wave motion:            
describing waves 




                gravity:            
the law of universal gravitation 




                thermodynamics i:            
caloric theory, latent heat, and the first law of thermodynamics 




















						    process of science						






what is it about a scientific theory that sets it apart from other ideas? how does one conduct and control a scientific experiment? why do statistical statements weigh so heavily in science? scientists often talk about the findings of their research, but they are less likely to talk about the processes and methods that lead to those discoveries. yet these processes and methods, and the surprises scientists face while pursuing them define science. our process of science modules use in-depth examples to introduce the methods used by scientists, the ways that scientists work with data and communicate their findings, and the culture and diversity of science.


misconception:
science is a collections of facts.








introduction




                the process of science:            
key concepts in thinking like a scientist 




the culture of science




                the nature of scientific knowledge:            
what is it and why should we trust it? 




                scientists and the scientific community:            
the experiences that shape scientists 




                scientific ethics:            
ethical standards and their implications 




                scientific institutions and societies:            
types of institutions and their influence 




ideas in science




                theories, hypotheses, and laws:            
definitions, examples, and their roles in science 




                scientific controversy:            
development and resolution of controversies 




                creativity in science:            
how scientists decide what to study 




research methods




                the practice of science:            
an introduction to research methods 




                experimentation in scientific research:            
variables and controls in practice 




                description in scientific research:            
observations and multiple working hypotheses 




                comparison in scientific research:            
uncovering statistically significant relationships 




                modeling in scientific research:            
simplifying a system to make predictions 




data




                data analysis and interpretation:            
revealing and explaining trends 




                uncertainty, error, and confidence:            
characterizing natural variability and human error 




                statistics in science:            
origins of descriptive and inferential statistics 




                using graphs and visual data in science:            
reading and interpreting graphs 




scientific communication




                understanding scientific journals and articles:            
how to approach reading journal articles 




                utilizing the scientific literature:            
the record of scientific progress 




                peer review in scientific publishing:            
what it is and how it works 




                the how and why of scientific meetings:            
how to approach attending a meeting 




















						    scientists and research						






for many people, the first thing they imagine when hearing the word "scientist" is a man in a white lab coat, maybe with crazy hair. but not all scientific research is done in a lab, much less wearing a lab coat, and science is not just for men! scientists are diverse in their backgrounds, the topics they study, and the methods they use. this section introduces readers to scientists who work in the field studying big cats or penguins, who do research in greenhouses and with a microscope, who design experiments using novel techniques and who hail from a host of different backgrounds and cultures.


misconception:
40% of americans believe that astrology is a legitimate science.








scientific research




                collaborative research in the arctic towards understanding climate change:            
the work of kevin arrigo 




                from stable chromosomes to jumping genes:            
the work of barbara mcclintock 




                an elegant experiment to test the process of dna replication:            
the work of meselsohn and stahl 




                the founding of neuroscience:            
the work of santiago ramón y cajal and camillo golgi 




                tracking endangered jaguars across the border:            
the work of sergio avila 




                atmospheric chemistry research that changed global policy:            
the work of mario molina 




                revolutionizing medicine with monoclonal antibodies:            
the work of césar milstein 




                uncovering the mysteries of chronic mountain sickness:            
the work of fabiola léon-velarde 




profiles in science




                luis e. miramontes:            
chemist and inventor of oral contraceptives 




                bernardo houssay:            
pioneer in endocrinology 




                craig lee:            
ice patch archaeologist 




                david ho:            
hiv researcher 




                louis tompkins wright:            
surgeon, scientist, civil rights activist 




                carlos j. finlay:            
eradicating yellow fever 




                cecilia payne:            
figuring out what stars are made of 




                jazmin scarlett:            
fostering community resilience to hazards 




                ramari stewart:            
whale expert, at the crossroads of science and tradition 




                johnson cerda:            
promoting indigenous perspectives in environmental management 




                ellen ochoa:            
engineer and astronaut 




                ruth benerito:            
using basic physical chemistry to solve practical problems 




                franklin chang díaz:            
propulsion pioneer for future generations of astronauts 




                percy lavon julian:            
revolutionizing medical treatment through chemical synthesis 




                luis walter alvarez:            
uncovering secrets of the atom and life on earth 




                france anne-dominic córdova:            
climbing through astrophysics and science policy 












page footer




back to top









                library            



            glossary            



            classroom            





about
contact
jobs
faq















visionlearning is supported by the the national science foundation and the u.s. department of education. the views expressed here do not represent the views of our funders.
sponsorships



follow visionlearning





facebook





twitter





youtube










© 2000-2025 visionlearning, inc.
privacy policy
terms of service















