



technology - the new york times
  




















skip to contentskip to site indextechnology today’s paperadvertisementskip advertisementsupported byskip advertisementtechnologydealbookmarketseconomyenergymediatechnologypersonal techsmall businessyour moneymutual funds & etfshighlightsopenai’s former chief technology officer starts her own companymira murati, who left openai last year, has helped establish thinking machines lab, a new artificial intelligence start-up. by cade metzcreditjim wilson/the new york timesthey’ve been waiting years to go public. they’re still waiting.some tech companies are delaying or pulling their listing plans as the trump administration’s tariff announcements and other changes cause market volatility and uncertainty. by erin griffithcreditamanda cotanwith trump’s help, intel could hand control of chip plants to tsmcthe silicon valley giant is trying to cut a deal it hopes would help it pull out of a yearslong slump. by tripp mickle and ana swansoncreditphilip cheung for the new york timesopenai rejects elon musk’s $97.4 billion bid for control of the companybret taylor, the chairman of openai’s board, said the artificial intelligence company was “not for sale.” mr. musk is separately raising money for his a.i. start-up, xai. by cade metzmike isaac and jesus jiménezcreditjim wilson/the new york timesadvertisementskip advertisementpersonal technologymore in personal technology ›how to prepare for your digital afterlifewhen planning your estate, leave instructions for handling your online accounts, data and other electronic affairs. by j. d. biersdorfercreditj. d. biersdorferthe agony of adoring online dogswith social media aging, so are the dogs that have for years filled our instagram feeds with cheer. and when they die, the loss can be unexpectedly heart-wrenching. by maya salamcreditjulie steinesdigital drugs have us hooked. dr. anna lembke sees a way out.the psychiatrist and author of “dopamine nation” wants us to find balance in a world of temptation and abundance. by lulu garcia-navarrocreditdevin oktar yalkin for the new york timesthe best true crime to stream: tiktok dreams to nightmaresacross television, film and social media itself, here are four picks that explore crime stories associated in some way with the imperiled app. by maya salamcreditnetflixfitbit agrees to pay $12 million for not quickly reporting burn risk with watchesafter consumer complaints of overheating batteries, the company did not immediately report the defect with its ionic smartwatches, according to a settlement with the u.s. government. by adeel hassancreditted hsu/alamy stock photolatestsearchsearchclear this text inputprominent cryptocurrency investor faces senate tax inquirythe finance committee’s top democrat sent a letter last month to dan morehead, the founder of pantera capital, about the investigation.by david yaffe-bellany, jesse drucker and matthew goldstein a.i. accelerates in paris + can a.i. fix your love life?it’s a valentine’s day special!by kevin roose, casey newton, rachel cohn, whitney jones, rachel dry, chris wood, dan powell, marion lozano and rowan niemisto a conversation witha mathematician who makes the best of thingsalessio figalli studies optimal transport, a field of math that ranges from the movements of clouds to the workings of chatbots.by siobhan roberts banks sell $4.7 billion of x’s debt, in a sign of investor demandthe social media company is attracting investor interest because of elon musk’s close ties to president trump and a recent jump in revenue.by lauren hirsch, joe rennison and kate conger tiktok returns to apple and google app storesthe popular social media app was removed to comply with a new law that banned it in the united states. president trump has paused enforcement of the ban.by sapna maheshwari, tripp mickle and nico grant blue origin, jeff bezos’ rocket company, cuts 10% of its employeesin an email to employees, the company’s chief executive said the company had become bloated during its growth in recent years.by karen weise and kenneth chang elon musk says he will drop openai bid if company preserves nonprofit missionin a court filing, mr. musk said he and other investors would pull their $97.4 billion bid if openai withdrew its plan to change its structure.by cade metz for trump and fox news, new policies are simply ‘common sense’president trump and the network have used the phrase to suggest that his policies are the right ones and popular, though polling suggests otherwise.by stuart a. thompson elon musk’s x settles trump lawsuitthe social media site agreed to pay in the range of $10 million to settle with the president, who had sued over the suspension of his account in 2021.by maggie haberman and kate conger openai questions rationale of elon musk’s bid to control the companythe company answered the billionaire’s offer in a legal filing, accusing him of hypocrisy.by cade metz and mike isaac page 1 of 1012345678910advertisementskip advertisementadvertisementskip advertisementsite indexsite information navigation© 2025 the new york times companynytcocontact usaccessibilitywork with usadvertiset brand studioyour ad choicesprivacy policyterms of serviceterms of salesite mapcanadainternationalhelpsubscriptionsmanage privacy preferences













