










home - manufacturing enterprise solutions association | mesa international
























































  


















skip to content














 
contact usresource centermember infohubloginjoin











facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





blog






































menu 
membership join solution provider directorytopics & resourcesget involved community committees & groups regional groups volunteer & leadership opportunities awards & recognition sponsorship opportunitiestraining & events smart manufacturing now! certificates instructor-led training calendar become a training provider online courses view all upcoming eventscareersabout mesa governance our leadership contact us newsroom 30th anniversary








 























                                become a partner in manufacturing excellence                            














                                join mesa                            






next
previous

















mesa is where manufacturing meets it






the manufacturing enterprise solutions association (mesa international™) is a global community of industry thought leaders actively driving business improvement through the effective application of technology and best practices.
we are a 30+ year-old nonprofit organization focused on smart manufacturing and the business value of converging information technology, operations technology, and emerging technology to improve industrial operations.
we accomplish this through:

facilitating collaboration and innovation through global communities who effectively use the mesa smart manufacturing model.
generating best-practice guidance which drives greater productivity and profitability in industrial enterprises.
educating on these topics through the mesa global education program.

read more...





















what do you want to do?



















become a member 
 


















attend an event 
 


















find a job 
 


















educate yourself 
 


















earn your certificate 
 





















mark your calendar










view all events

































featured
















 
new! mesa model use cases 
these short-written works outline examples that combine one or more lifecycles from the model in a smart way by utilizing enabling technologies and incorporating applicable cross-lifecycle threads.
check them out here.
 














 
analytics and ai research program 
this research will review manufacturers' progress in performance metrics and analytics and explore the value manufacturers and producers can gain from using artificial intelligence (ai).
learn more.
 










advertisement




















 












© 2025 manufacturing enterprise solutions association | mesa international
 | 
site by growthzone












accelerating the journey to smart manufacturing.



















"i love manufacturing, the processes and the technology applied to make manufacturing more efficient and effective. manufacturing is my passion and for that reason mesa is my home. within mesa, i've found a community where i can go for advice and where i can share my experience. interacting with peers within mesa has proven to be invaluable in my personal development." -gerhard greeff, iritron (pty) ltd 

"i truly believe the collaboration and peer-to-peer networking can provide so much to every mesa member." -uwe kueppers, rockwell automation 

"i've been a member of mesa for more than 20 years, and i've gained the most amazing network of brilliant manufacturing people around the world! i'm so grateful for the many opportunities i've had with mesa to help the industry move forward by co-creating!i have so many dear and brilliant manufacturing software buddies all over the world as a result of my years being active in mesa. my life and my career are so much more successful and richer for that! mesa members are the best!"  -julie fraser, tech-clarity 





















































































mesa international













1800 e. ray road, ste a106, chandler, az 85225 usa 














+ 1 (480) 893-6883 














hq@mesa.org 










facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





blog



















 
subscribemedia toolkitsponsorship opportunitiesprivacy policycookie policyterms of use



















 © 2025 manufacturing enterprise solutions association | mesa international.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone | association management by kca 








 



















