











currituck photo tours and travel information















favorites





















 









toggle navigation


















rental homes


hotels


activities















currituck vacation rental homes





outer banks fishing charters & fishing guide





2025 takeout and delivery guide
















hotels
for postcard-perfect long weekends, or full week stays that have exceptional access to indoor and outdoor pools, restaurants, and amenities, there's nothing quite like the convenience of a stay at a local hotel or motel. a number of area hotels have been welcoming guests for decades, and as a result, vacationers have come back year after year for the fantastic service and the million-dollar views.







vacation rentals
visitors are often surprised at the number and variety of weekly vacation rentals throughout the area.. vacation rentals are, in fact, an increasingly popular accommodation available to vacationers, and visitors will find that the sheer number of rentals available allows them to find an ideal retreat to fit their crew, from quiet condo complexes to brightly colored oceanfront sand castles.










outer banks center for wildlife education


corolla, north carolina is a must see nautical village scented with the spray of the salty sea. it's located on nc highway 12 along a thin strip of land bordered on the east by the tempestuous atlantic ocean, and on the west by the inland waterway of currituck sound. corolla is home to the currituck beach lighthouse, whose beacon first beckoned to sailors at sea in 1875, and to art noveau whalehead in historic corolla, a turn of the century hunt club for sportsmen. the quaint village is also home to one of north carolina's natural history gems called the outer banks center for wildlife education. the center, which opened in 2006, is an impressive and marvelous 22,000 square foot interpretive center for young and old alike to explore the history and vast diversity of north carolina's wildlife.

corolla
252-453-0221
map it









rainy day activities


need a little inspiration on how to have fun during the occasional rainy day in currituck county? then check out these museums, shops, attractions and "at-home" activities that will appeal to visitors of all ages.










currituck beach lighthouse


the currituck beach lighthouse, located in the heart of corolla, borders the historic whalehead in historic corolla and still functions as a guide for passing mariners. at 162' feet tall, the lighthouse's first order fresnel light, (the largest size available for american lighthouses), can be seen for 18 nautical miles as the light rotates in 20 second increments.

corolla

map it









chesapeake and albemarle canal


travelers along us 158 will cross the famous chesapeake and albemarle canal en route to the outer banks. this historic waterway, which was conceived more than two centuries ago, continues to be a useful route for commercial and leisure mariners who are passing through currituck county.










best sunsets on the outer banks


the outer banks is known for its breathtaking sunsets. watching sunsets is a popular activity for both locals and visitors, and there are plenty of photogenic sunset spots to create special memories. here are the top places to watch a sunset on the outer banks.








kiteboarding


spring and fall visitors will notice the popularity of kiteboarding on the outer banks the moment they ride down a stretch of soundfront highway. in the off-season months, it's not unusual to spot dozens if not hundreds of multi-colored kites lining the skies over the outer banks' miles of sound waters.










historic corolla park


most all visitors to corolla will spend at least a sunny afternoon or two at the historic corolla park. this 39 acre site is home to three of the northern outer banks' biggest attractions, the whalehead in historic corolla, the currituck beach lighthouse and the outer banks center for wildlife education, as well as plenty of gorgeous soundfront grounds that are wide open for visitors to explore.

corolla
252-457-0128
map it









currituck national wildlife refuge


it's easy to see why vacationers fall in love with carova. located almost literally off the outer banks map, while other towns along the barrier islands of north carolina grew and developed over the decades and became popular east coast tourism destinations, carova never really changed.

corolla
252-429-3100
map it











outer banks museums


the outer banks is rich in history, from the early explorers who first set foot on its shores 400 years ago to the groundbreaking first flight that launched modern aviation. every community has a story and a resonant heritage, and as a result, the outer banks is home to a number of locally and nationally renowned museums honoring the area's unique stories, culture and landmarks.








knotts island & knotts island ferry


the knotts island ferry is a year-round free ferry that's managed by the north carolina department of transportation's ferry system. an instrumental mode of transportation for knotts island locals, and a fun on-the-water day trip for currituck county visitors, the ferry is accessible, scenic, and allows visitors to explore new and wild regions which are otherwise hard to access.

currituck

map it











corolla


vacationers can stay in corolla for a night or more at a hotel or generally for a week or more at a vacation rental home or condo.








the 7 best beach chairs 2025


you’ve made the drive, gathered the family, packed the cooler with lunches and drinks, and you’re heading out onto the sand on a bright summer day. you unfold your beach chair and snap, it breaks, or bends, or the rotting fabric rips. it happens to the best of us. we’ve checked dozens of chair reviews and features. here are our picks for best beach chair.










outer banks nature spots


with 150 miles of pristine coastline, and some of the east coast's largest swaths of undisturbed maritime forest, the outer banks is a popular destination for nature lovers. as an important spot on america's "flyway," which is the route that migrating birds take on their northern and southern treks across the country, the outer banks is the temporary home to hundreds of species of birds. combine this with the number of deer, foxes, waterfowl, fish, turtles, and even alligators, and it's clear that the outer banks is truly a wild vacation destination.








moyock


moyock is located on the very edge of the virginia and north carolina state border, and often serves as the first introduction to currituck county and nc in general for outer banks visitors who are driving to the area from the northern half of the country.










featured local businesses


we love to highlight some of the best and most interesting outer banks restaurants, shops, attractions and activities. read on to discover some of our favorites!








currituck beaches


 currituck county is effectively divided in two by the currituck sound, which creates two distinct and ecologically diverse regions: the currituck mainland, and the currituck barrier island beaches.










fishing in currituck


fishing is exceptional in currituck county due to the miles of ocean shoreline and the 30-mile wide currituck sound, which has the surprising distinction of being able to accommodate both freshwater and saltwater species.








the 10 best beach canopies & umbrellas for 2025


beach canopies and umbrellas create shade, lower ambient temperatures and block uv rays on hot, sunny summer days. sitting under the canopy of a quality beach umbrella can make the difference between comfort and sweltering. when choosing an umbrella, we look for durability, wind ratings, weight and size.













bells island


bells island is one of two populated "island" communities that are found in the currituck sound. small but easy to access and explore, the island is a good side-trip for visitors who want to uncover every corner of currituck county.

currituck

map it









currituck maritime museum


take a day trip or an afternoon off the beach to explore the heart of historic corolla park, and you’ll find one of the outer banks’ newest and most noteworthy attractions, the currituck maritime museum.

corolla
252-232-6105
map it









outer banks swimming guide


swimming is a local sport that never goes out of style on the outer banks, and with literally miles of ocean and sound waters to paddle around, there's no shortage of refreshing locales to enjoy a dip. vacationers will find they have their choice of swimming destinations, from the fun and challenging ocean waves, to the shallow splashing waters of the sound, to the assortment of public and community pools found all along the islands.








whalehead in historic corolla


the prestigious whalehead in historic corolla has been a dominant attraction to corolla visitors since it was renovated and opened to the public in 2002. as part of the historic corolla park, the whalehead in historic corolla serves as a northern outer banks icon, and a living testament to corolla and duck's heyday as a secluded oceanfront retreat for the country's wealthy hunters and conservationists.

corolla
252-453-9040
map it









currituck banks reserve


vacationers adore the outer banks for its unspoiled stretches of undeveloped shoreline, and some may not initially realize that this sporadic lack of development is completely intentional, and is the result of decades of careful environmental planning. while tourism flourished on the beaches, for generations, locals and visitors alike made inquiries and partnerships with government branches to ensure that certain areas of the outer banks would always remain pristine, unspoiled, and open to everyone.

corolla

map it









outer banks real estate


after a few days of sunny beach afternoons, fantastic local attractions, and all the amenities that attract people to the outer banks, many visitors find themselves daydreaming about a more permanent vacation. whether your ultimate goal is to own an investment property, a retirement or vacation home, or simply a year-round home on the beach, the outer banks is filled with incredible opportunities and a variety of properties for sale.








top 10 things to do on the outer banks


every vacation destination has its own unique draw to potential visitors, whether it's a national monument, a fantastic shopping or dining scene, or an exotic locale that's meant for total relaxation. many newcomers to the outer banks are surprised to learn that this destination has all of these attributes and more, and it can be hard to narrow down the overflowing list of "must-sees" or "must-dos" that have to be squeezed into a 1-2 week obx vacation.








scenic spots on the outer banks


there's a reason why so many aspiring and professional photographers flock to the outer banks. ocean sunrises, sound sunsets, and miles of quiet wildlife in between create some breathtaking landscapes, ideal for photographers, painters, or plain-old vacationers who love an astounding view.








best surf fishing gear for 2025


once you have your coastal recreational fishing license in hand, it’s time to start thinking about gear. anglers will find tons of options when it comes to equipment for casting into the surf, from custom designed rods and reels at local tackle shops, to name brand varieties that are designed for multiple areas along the coastline. here are just a few of the most popular gear options for surf fishermen. keep in mind that there are endless options available, and your local bait and tackle store staff will be happy to point you in the right direction if you have any questions about what you’ll need for successful surf fishing in any given area along the north carolina coastline.








sailing the outer banks


vacationers will notice a handful of sailboats at every local outer banks port, either saddled up to the docks or breezing across the harbor, en route to the nearest sound for a cruise, or to the continent-spanning intracoastal waterway to continue a long coastal voyage. some vacationers are even in it for the long haul, docking for a summer or a winter season at a number of local marinas that offer all the comforts of home. clearly, sailing lovers of all varieties have plenty of options, but even newcomers to the sport can experiment with life on the water with a local sailing lesson, rental, or waterfront cruise.











select a city 



vacation planning guide


outer banks vacation rentals


outer banks jobs


outer banks hotels


carova


corolla


duck


southern shores


kitty hawk


kill devil hills


nags head


manteo


hatteras









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













