




howell furniture | beaumont, port arthur, texas, lake charles, louisiana





















skip to main content








make an appointment
see our current offers
 track my delivery







menu


close



search























0




get in touch



start shopping



mattresses

all mattresses & accessories



shop by brand

tempur-pedic
stearns & foster
spring air



shop by comfort

firm
medium
soft
ultra soft



shop by size

twin
twin extra long
full
queen
king
california king



living room

sofas
love seats
leather
recliners
reclining sofas
sectionals
chairs
ottomans
sofa sleepers
occasional tables
tv stands
bookcases
curios
theater seating
all living room furniture



home office

desks
chairs and seating
filing and storage
bookcases
all home office furniture



dining room

tables
pub tables
chairs
bars
bar stools
chinas and buffets
servers
all dining furniture



bedroom

beds
dressers
nightstands
armoires
chests of drawers
mirrors
bunk beds
all bedroom furniture



entertainment

entertainment centers
tv stands
theater seating
bookcases
all entertainment center furniture



accessories

rugs
wall art
lighting
pillows
accents
mirrors
sculptures/figurines
all accessories



our buying guides






bedroom looks you'll love
shop nowkeyboard_arrow_right
 


sign in
my lists
room planner








search





financing


careers


locations

come say hello!


view all


beaumont, tx
6095 folsom drbeaumont, tx 77706
(409)832-2544
monday-friday10am-7pmsaturday10am-6pmsunday1pm - 6pmholidays may affect these days and hours. please call the store for more information.


lake charles, la
2000 e. college stlake charles, la 70607
(337)562-2000
(866)562-2000
monday-friday10am-6pmsaturday10am-6pmsunday1pm - 5pmholidays may affect these days and hours. please call the store for more information.please call the store for more information.


nederland, tx
2018 highway 365nederland, tx 77627
(409)722-8100
monday-friday10am-7pmsaturday10am-6pmsunday1pm - 6pmsunday1pm - 6pmholidays may affect these days and hours. please call the store for more information.





get in touch
sign in


cart


0
















promotional web price is the final price and cannot be combined with any other promotion































































customize your lookthe design spacelearn more >


start browsing









living room







dining room







bedroom







mattresses







entertainment







office







accessories







shop all

quality guaranteedlearn more about our quality guarantees and protection programs.learn more >howell furniture - beaumont, port arthur, texas, lake charles, louisiana furniture storesince 1959, howell furniture has been proud to be your local furniture store. with three locations in beaumont, tx, nederland, tx and lake charles, la we are able to show off our large selection of furniture and mattresses. we bring the best for every room in your home. add new seating to your living room with a stylish sofa or sectional. give your master bedroom a makeover with a new master bedroom set, pick and choose your favorite bed and dresser combo, or simply upgrade with a new mattress. also check out our large selection of dining tables and chairs, kids furniture, accent furniture and more. we are committed to providing quality furniture at low prices and offer top-notch customer service. visit your nearest howell furniture location today or browse online to see our selection.hooker® >kincaid® >find your favorite brandsview all >


top mattress brands









tempur-pedic







spring air







stearns & foster







natures rest







adjustable bases







sleep quiz








your furniture. your way.at howell, we don’t want you to settle when it comes to furniture. that is why we offer a wide selection of customizable furniture options for any room in your home. meet with one of our designers and they will help you find your perfect fabric, style, accessories and more to fit your home and budget. schedule a complimentary design appointment today.room plannerwhen your furniture customization is done you can then head over to our room planner that works in conjunction with your wishlist.get started >find a store near youwe've got even more in-store ...find howell's furniture store hours and contact information at a location nearest to you.don't forget to sign up for e-mail offers and promotions!find a store >quality and stylehowell furniture works to capture the top trends happening in furniture today and bring you quality pieces you will love. from trending styles like urban farmhouse and mid-century modern to custom-made furniture that will last generations. we partner with the top brands to make sure that every item that leaves our floor has the comfort and durability you expect.










don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?































howell furniture features a great selection of living room, bedroom, dining room, home office, entertainment, accent, furniture, and mattresses, and can help you with your home design and decorating. view recent additions to our online furniture gallery. howell furniture offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the beaumont, port arthur, lake charles, nederland, vidor, groves, port neches, bridge city, central gardens, winnie, sour lake, lumberton, pinehurst, orange, moss bluff, prien, carlyss, sulphur, iowa, welsh, kinder, mauriceville, texas, louisiana areas.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information



























chat with us,
powered by livechat









