


	parenting with dignity | mac bledsoe curriculum dvd’s & books




































over 7 million
   families have utilized our
   parenting curriculum










place an order online here 
call today: (406) 250- 8651






    











toggle navigation
menu





home
parenting curriculum
parents workbook (english)
parents workbook (espanol)
facilitator workbook


schedule mac
marketing plan
tickets
event promotion tips


about us
about mac bledsoe
faq
press room
link to our site
contact


donate
articles
order















 


order now
schedule mac on skype | schedule mac to speak
















welcome to parenting with dignity™
featured on:  
parenting with dignity encourages parents and caregivers to rethink their approach to discipline, punishment and empowerment. pwd advocates permitting children to make some of their own decisions, and to experience the consequences early on - so that they can act responsibly when away from parents, or under peer pressure,
so they become more independent as they grow older.



 about us


 donate















what parents and educators are saying












parent resources
"our children will make all of the most important decisions in their lives - on their own.
as parents, the only thing we can do is teach them how to make good decisions". - mac bledsoe







free parenting work book





latest parenting articles
bullyingby mac bledsoe

there is so much being written about bullying in the media the past couple of weeks because of a few events that have caught the attention of the national media, and i would just like to weigh in on the commentary. so much of the ad...a "quick fix for misbehavin' kids"?by mac bledsoe

ever since i began teaching parenting skills almost 26 years ago, one of the most common fallacies that i have encountered is the mistaken idea in the heads of so many parents that there is some great "quick fix" for raisi...the ideas in your head will rule your worldby mac bledsoe

it does not matter where the ideas come from, and it doesn't matter whether they are right or wrong, once an idea is in your head, it will rule your world.

only a few months ago i gave a keynote address to 3,000 people at a r...


















special thanks!
my wife barbara and i have spent much of our adult life sharing our vision of parenthood with countless groups of people across the united states. as a direct result of the generosity and vision of our son drew bledsoe the parenting with dignity™ curriculum, is available to every parent.
 












 

parenting with dignity® is a 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization
mailing address:
730 capistrano,
kalispell, mt 59901
bus: (406) 250-8651
fax: (406) 752-8037
    





 


home
about us
parenting curriculum
schedule mac
order
donate
articles
contact us




















© copyright 2007-2025 parentingwithdignity.com, all rights reserved.











website design & hosting by website express | 
login















