







endless sun






















































0








        skip to content
      
























        faqs
      













                    call today
                  






open menu
close menu




























        faqs
      













                    call today
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  faqs
                






                call today
              



















endless sun



premiere tanning salon














serving dutchess county for over 20 yearsknowledgeable and friendly serviceclean and relaxing environment




























services



tanningspray tanningred light therapyeuropean body wrapinfrared heat body wrapbleach bright teeth whiteninghydromassage
















tanning














tanning is an escape that makes you look good and feel good. a tanning bed is a great place to relax to get color or maintain the color that you have. endless sun offers four levels of uv tanning as skin types are different from person to person.we take pride in maintaining high standards in our tanning beds.please stop by and speak to our tanning specialists to see how you can best achieve your tanning goals. *must be 18 years of age to uv tan in the state of new york.
















spray tanning














mystic spray tan 



in just 2 minutes, achieve an even, full-body tan from our private automated in-salon spray tanning booth with three levels of colors and shades.



no appointment necessary



norvell custom air brush



a full body customized tan from a professional spray tan artist in 15-20 minutes in our salon. multiple shades are offered through solution and/or customization by the spray tan artist.



appointment required
















european body wrap














 a proprietary blend of trace minerals to cleanse and detoxify the body that removes toxins.  build-up of toxins in our body acts like a magnet and prevent weight loss. the european body wrap helps tighten and smooth the skin while also reducing the appearance of cellulite.·        minerals draw out toxins·        helps tighten loose skin·        assists in inch loss·        reduce the appearance of cellulite
















fit body wrap














the fit bodywrap system takes the meaning of body wrapping to a whole new level. this heat delivery system delivers clinically proven, soothing and effective infrared rays to the body to help with a wide range of therapeutic benefits which include: weight lossdetoxification pain reliefskin rejuvenation65-minute therapeutic session


























bleach bright teeth whitening with led light:your smile makes a statement and it’s the first thing people notice about you! bleach bright teeth whitening system uses carbamide peroxide, which is very effective but also gentle on your teeth and gums20 minute session for maximum results to whiten 2-8 shades brighterblumineral – protect your investment after teeth whitening:10 minute cooling sealer tray to alleviate sensitivityprotects against overall new stains, especially in the first 24 hoursseals the pores of your teeth to lock out stains and alleviate sensitivity



teeth whitening

































hydromassage



massage therapy using heat and water offers the deepest and most satisfying hands-free massage. hydro therapy is excellent for stress management, sore muscles and back pain, arthritis and general discomfort.














hoursmonday (closed) tuesday thru friday10:00am — 7:00pmsaturday10:00am — 5:00pmsunday10:00am — 4:00pmlast tan is 15 minutes prior to closing time.




    call today
  
















sign up to receive our specials






first name



last name




email address






sign me up!





thank you!



















942 route 376wappingers falls, ny 12590845-227-3227endless sun ©2023











