







linda ashman home - linda ashman















































































































 


home
books
about
santa fe retreat
presentations
how to write picture books

more writing resources


go veg

search





menu



 







new and recent books

★ "poetry meets nonfiction in a skillfully designed and fun-to-read compendium." slj ★kirkus reviews, ★publishers weekly, ★school library journal, ★booklist"a sweet treat for dog lovers." kirkus  ★ a "quietly beautiful celebration of childhood." school library journal



laura cockfield photography

hi there. i write books for kids—young ones. i also help others write picture books—through the nuts and bolts guide to writing picture books, writing workshops and these tips and resources.
to me, a well-done picture book is a work of art. but the real magic happens when a picture book is shared—in a classroom, at the library, or between two people curled up on a couch—and a child laughs, asks questions, studies the illustrations and says “read it again.”


santa fe getaway




hey! want updates on new books, classes and giveaways? sign up here!

 
first name



last name



email address: 
		




leave this field empty if you're human:  

  

   

for writersthe nuts and bolts guide to writing picture books
writing tips and resources
rain! manuscript
no dogs allowed! manuscript
hey, coach! manuscripts before & after
samantha on a roll manuscript
all we know manuscripts
over the river & through the wood manuscripts
for parents and teacherswilliam's winter nap educator's guide
william wakes up educator's guide
rain! activity guide
peace, baby! activity guide
rock-a-bye romp early literacy activities
castles, caves & honeycombs activity guide
buy the booksbookshop
flyleaf books (chapel hill)
amazon
barnes & noble
 
out of print books
slow lane books @ ebay (a storefront for my out of print titles)
contact lindacontact form






© copyright  - linda ashman - powered by enfold wordpress theme
home
books
about
santa fe retreat
presentations
how to write picture books
go veg







scroll to top












































