


graduated driver licensing | drivers ed for the teenager











graduated driver licensing.com                                  safe drivers the right way!















home
states
who we are
difference
young drivers
contact us








graduated driver licensing in the united states





1.) we begin with combining the in-class with the behind-the-wheel training process concurrent with one another.
2.)  then we add more hours behind-the-wheel to give the   new drivers an opportunity to experience all four seasons and weather   conditions under a controlled risk factor.
3.) we take away the 6 hour driver training clock and base achievement and graduation on performance, skill and experience.          
remember when we were trying to teach our new teenagers as if we were traveling on a   two-lane dirt road at 35 mph, when our average traveled speed in the   united states exceeds 55 mph on a six-lane highway? most families  had a single vehicle in the fifties and sixties, and then to two vehicles in   the seventies. the days of driving on weekends with mom and dad for the   first year or two is over. in today’s hectic schedules, we are not   allowing ourselves time to protect our teens and teach them to drive as we   should be. parents need to realize that as the times change we must keep   pace with that change. 
our driving generation, 35 to 50 years old, will be remembered as the   worse driving generation in the history of the vehicle. we average   40,000 fatalities per year.  our generation needs to change the way we   think and teach graduated driver licensing.
if you look closely, you'll realize we spend about 12 years on basic education, reading   writing, math, history and physical education…and only 6 hours behind   the wheel training in a vehicle.
we  need to be remembered as the generation that created   the best drivers in history.  the generation that did something about   the way we think and teach driver training.  we need help from every mom   and dad to complete this goal. we need to invest our time in our   teenagers and take the time needed to teach our children to drive better.
this could mean as much as 1 or two years of guidance. and to do this   you will need the very best curriculum and training videos available.   you will need to allow graduated driver licensing to become part of your families   dinner conversation and sharing experiences on new intersections,   changes on the interstate on ramps or maybe a lost of a fellow student   friend.
driver education and training is no longer a project to hire out to   the local driving school. parents need to get involved and stay involved   for at least two or three years. placing driving restrictions and hours   on when a new driver is allowed to drive and with whom. this, in essence, is graduated driver licensing
the road to freedom





our road to freedom - learning to drive is an amazing experience, but can also be a frustrating time for a teenager. our course is the best way to do it. we will walk you through each step of the course, and painlessly guide you through the process to get your permit and your license. we know it's not easy, but over the span of a decade, we altered our ways to create the most affordable, easiest, and quickest way to get you through point a to point b. what is the end goal? obtaining your license and becoming a safe driver. here we go!
everything is done on the internet - taking your graduated driver licensing online has never been this easy! you can login from any computer connected to the internet, at any time. take it from the library, grandma's house, or even at school. don't have access to the internet? no problem- we offer many different formats of our graduated driver licensing program. you can do your course through a textbook, or cd rom. our optional dvd contains some of the best drivers ed videos available in the industry.
100% money-back guarantee - why would you pay for something you are not satisfied with? we will not make you pay for a program that you are not happy with. we will give you a refund if you are not 100% satisfied with our program. you must contact us within 30 days and you cannot be at a level in which you have the capability to download forms used for your dmv or dps.        






 


less cost than any other driving school - over the years, by digitizing our program, we have been able to drop our prices while also improving the quality of our graduated driver licensing program. we are proud that we have accomplished the task of making a more affordable program available to virtually anyone. take a look at what our students and parents are saying about our online graduated driver licensing program.       
one payment - many drivers ed schools claim that graduated driver licensing is not cheap and give you the option of paying off your tuition with two or more separate payments while highlighting the cost of your first payment. really? what you see is what you get, and we will never play trickery to get your enrollment. you pay us 1 time, and 1 time only! there are no hidden fees. once enrolled in our graduated driver licensing program, you will have access to the best drivers education program in the united states, proven by many sources. your enrollment will enable you to get your permit and your license while providing you with all state forms needed from start to finish. and, there is no time limit. wow! let's do it!
downloadable certificate - no more waiting for your certificate to come in the mail. in many cases, you can download your graduated driver licensing certificate for the dmv or dps on the same day you finish your online course. if we need to ship your certificate due to state requirements, we will ship it (for free)  the same day that you pass your final exam.





online drivers ed


home
alabama gdl
alaska gdl
arizona gdl
arkansas gdl
california gdl
colorado gdl
connecticut gdl
florida gdl
georgia gdl
indiana gdl
kansas gdl
kentucky gdl
minnesota gdl
missouri gdl
mississippi gdl
montana gdl
nebraska gdl
new mexico gdl
new york gdl
oklahoma gdl
oregon gdl
pennsylvania gdl
south dakota gdl
tennessee gdl
texas gdl
virginia gdl
west virginia gdl
wyoming gdl








online video library
as soon as you  enroll, the student will have access   to over 7 hours of excellent quality video content at the click of the   button. all graduated driver licensing videos are also available on our video library dvd featured   below. the online program is easy to follow, and provides over 100 video   clips throughout the course to guide the teen driver along the way. a   high speed internet access is required. 
      

what is graduated driver licensing?
essentially an   apprentice system, graduated driver licensing utilizes three stages. the first   is a supervised learner's period, lasting a minimum of 6 months in   optimal systems, then an intermediate licensing phase that allows   unsupervised driving, but only in less risky situations, and finally a   full-privilege license becomes available when requirements of the first   two stages have been met.
 within   this framework, substantial variation is possible in terms of the   provisions of the stages and their duration. this variation often has   created difficulty for jurisdictions that are producing a graduated   driver licensing system. lawmakers need to know what sections their system should   include and what the features should be.


about us

ndt's foundational curriculum   combines the at-home or classroom study with hands-on activities,   focusing on all parts of the mind while examing the young driver's grasp of the   lesson. not only does this make concepts easier to learn and remember,   it’s a blast! 
there   are seven levels to the curriculum, providing over 30 hours of   accreditation. each lesson ends with a written exam, which   can be taken repeatedly if necessary to achieve the desired score.      






© copyright 2011 www.graduateddriverlicensing.com 







