



	personal fitness partners | serving davie, cooper city, plantation and weston



















helping south florida stay in shape since 1999!















home (current)


about us


programs


1-on-1 training


faq


contact





call us today: (954) 659-2877









get fit today!
we help your mind, body & spirit







personal training
at personal fitness partners, we have a very comprehensive approach to personal training. rather than a one-size-fits-all mindset, we take the time to learn about you – your long- and short-term goals as well as your current fitness, health, and nutritional habits.




business hours
mon-fri: 6 am - 8 pm  • saturday: 7 am - 2 pm
				serving davie, cooper city, plantation and weston
contact us for a free trial




transform your body & empower your spirit
you've made the most important decision of your life. whether you want to run a mile, or have loftier goals, such as running a marathon or competing as a bodybuilder, 
				personal fitness partners can design a fitness program that will keep you comfortable in your own skin and help you maintain a stress-free and active lifestyle. 
				no matter your age, body-type, or level of fitness, you will find everything you need at personal fitness partners.
			
				have you hit a plateau in your exercise program? are you bored with your current fitness routine? is it time to make some lifestyle changes? let’s change that today. 
				whether you’ve taken a brief hiatus from the gym and are trying to get back in gear, have never stepped foot inside a gym, or recently moved to plantation and are looking to join a new gym, 
				we’re sure you’ll find success at here. when you join personal fitness partners, you will benefit from a team of dedicated trainers, instructors, and staff members who will be by your 
				side every step of the way to guide you to your goals.



















get in touch with us

    (954) 659-2877
    4301 south flamingo rd. unit 107 davie, fl 33330 map
   fitness13730@gmail.com



methods of payment
    


follow us today
    





                            all information provided is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute a legal contract
                            between personal fitness partners and any person or entity unless otherwise specified.
                        
serving davie, cooper city, plantation and weston.







