















leading the charge in biotech pharmaceuticals | tnf pharmaceuticals











































welcome to tnf pharmaceuticals (formerly mymd pharmaceuticals)







contact tnf pharmaceuticals






about us

pipeline

mymd-1®

supera-cbd



research

clinical trials



investors

news





subscribe




contact tnf pharmaceuticals





















mymd-1®
supera-cbd



at tnf pharmaceuticals, we’re developing groundbreaking therapies to fight chronic disease
 watch how mymd-1® works


improving quality of life
 watch how supera-cbd works









novel therapeutics that make an impact



 tnf pharmaceuticals in the media
 tnf pharmaceuticals has been featured by multiple media outlets following its merger with akers biosciences.

fortune
technical.ly
endpoints news
bioworld
baltimore business journal
new jersey business magazine
roi-nj






tnf pharmaceuticals is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on the development of drug products that represent a transformation in the targeting of aging and age-related diseases; autoimmune diseases; and chronic pain, anxiety and sleep disorders. our team has partnered with academic founders and key opinion leaders to identify synthetic therapeutics, including the first drug being designed to significantly increase human lifespan.







tnf pharmaceuticals® drug candidates
tnf pharmaceuticals is commercializing two broad drug platforms, each with its own distinct indications. mymd-1® is a novel therapeutic shown to positively impact multiple conditions related to immunometabolic dysregulation. supera-cbd is a synthetic cannabidiol that offers better bioavailability and potency than botanicals. both are protected by a robust, worldwide patent portfolio.






mymd-1®

mymd-1® is a clinical-stage, synthetic plant alkaloid that has been shown to ameliorate immunometabolic dysregulation targeting immune cell metabolism. its mechanism of action and efficacy in autoimmune diseases, such as multiple sclerosis eae (ms) and thyroiditis, and aging mouse models have been studied through tnf pharmaceuticals’ collaboration with several academic institutions.

learn more about mymd-1®



supera-cbd

supera-cbd is a synthetic, preclinical cannabidiol derivative that has been demonstrated to effectively target cb2 receptors. as a new molecular entity (patent pending), supera-cbd addresses the unmet need for a synthetic cbd with enhanced bioavailability and potency so physicians may treat patients with an fda approved drug rather than botanicals that contain impurities.

learn more about supera-cbd








we’re making news in the biotech pharmaceuticals industry.







tnf pharmaceuticals launches study series aimed at preserving lean muscle mass during glp-1 weight loss treatment


tnf pharmaceuticals announces positive clinical data supporting clinical trial expansion


tnf pharmaceuticals announces trial to explore effects of lead candidate in sarcopenia/frailty induced by glp-1 weight loss drugs

all news








media coverage







 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 







seasoned executive team with a track record of medical biotechnology innovation
to deliver on its mission, tnf pharmaceuticals has assembled a superb team of clinicians, experienced drug developers, us fda / regulatory experts, patent attorneys, and business executives. the team is drawn from a variety of institutions including but not limited to organon, regeneron, iqvia (formerly quintiles), bain & company, and banner witcoff. we continue to add clinical and scientific talent to support our research and the discovery of new therapies.
about us 













connect with tnf pharmaceuticals®
subscribe to stay up to date on company developments.

contact us 









© 2025 tnf pharmaceuticals®. all right reserved


privacy policy


terms & conditions


ada compliance



this site is not intended to provide medical advice or to suggest that any product mentioned is safe or efficacious for any disease or condition.



connect with tnf pharmaceuticals®





news & resources view a collection of articles, thought leadership content and industry news.








subscribe to receive tnf pharmaceuticals announcements


name*


first



last

email*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  














































