


























university of wisconsin-la crosse















skip to main content
accessibility menu
skip to main content
skip to footer


















						future students
					



						current students
					



						community
					



						alumni & friends
					



						faculty & staff
					









 




								admissions
							



								academics
							



								murphy library
							



								events
							



								athletics, rec
							



								diversity
							



								campus life
							



								arts
							



 







email & apps





email, microsoft 365 (office)





canvas





wings





navigate







give





search








 



home



								admissions
							



								academics
							



								murphy library
							



								events
							



								athletics, rec
							



								diversity
							



								campus life
							



								arts
							



 







 
close


not sure what you're looking for? browse the a-z index


search


clear

search for
search within


										all of uwl
									

										this site
									

											events
										

											stories
										

											people
										

											knowledge base
										













quicklinks at your fingertips!
select which audience you belong to and we'll display quicklinks and announcements tailored to you.


choose future students
choose current students
choose community
choose alumni & friends
choose faculty & staff


uwl's eagle mark logo








schedule a visit!
apply online
























spread your wings as a uw-la crosse eagle!
experience the power of a uwl education through high-impact learning and life-long friendships, all while surrounded by the epic beauty of la crosse. follow your path. we’ll show you the way. 



quicklinks


campus life


explore our academic programs


fast facts about uwl


campus safety


cost and aid


map and directions


scholarships


uwl bookstore


housing information


textbook rental




choose another audience









academic calendar
get help/student success
























you’re kind of a big deal!
you’re part of a group of truly amazing people. at uwl, we are inspired every day by the driven, active and engaged students who make us so proud. that’s right, you’re amazing!



quicklinks


you@uwl


course catalog


canvas support


class timetable


community engagement for students


office 365 (email, calendar, collaboration)


residence life


my uw system (hr)


student organizations


dining, meal plans


financial information


pay for print


cashier's office


eagle help desk


password reset


navigate


academic advising




choose another audience









get involved with uwl
























here in la crosse, people come together to work for the common good.
at uwl, we live out the wisconsin idea of public service and community engagement. we are proud to work with our many partners in la crosse, giving back every day to a community that generously supports our teaching, learning and service mission.


work with the community engagement office



quicklinks


advance your adult degree


attend an event


develop your organization


discover small business resources


engage with students


explore uwl-community partnerships


hire an eagle


register for youth programs


visit campus


work at uwl




choose another audience









keep in touch
make a gift
























the "la crosse experience" stays with you for a lifetime.
uwl pride stays strong long after graduation! stay connected with our beautiful campus and the faculty and friends who made your "la crosse experience" so special.



quicklinks


lantern magazine


alumni calendar


class notes


campus events


uwl bookstore


athletic schedules


uwl alumni & friends foundation


hire an eagle


volunteer at uwl


a-z directory




choose another audience









investing in our people
employment opportunities
























experts. scholars. public servants. community members.
uwl consistently delivers a high-quality and life-changing experience. we’re able to do it because of you, our talented and dedicated faculty and staff. you are the reason for our excellence!



quicklinks


campus connection


navigate


campus calendar


myuw (hr)


hr homepage


course catalog


community engagement for instructors


community engagement for staff


wiser


class timetable


digital measures (faculty success)


office 365 (email, calendar, collaboration)


google drive


eagle help desk


password reset


transferology lab




choose another audience








 




 



			university of wisconsin-la crosse | uwlax.edu
		

university of wisconsin-la crosse










welcoming




active




driven




engaged
























duluth/superior
280 miles





minneapolis
150 miles





green bay
206 miles





milwaukee
200 miles





madison
142 miles





chicago
283 miles





dubuque
130 miles





des moines
245 miles





rochester
70 miles





wausau
156 miles

























riding through time
explore the life of an early motorcycle enthusiast and discover vintage cycles in newly digitized photo collection   








love birds
for many eagles, uwl helped them find 'the one' 








an innovative agreement
uwl, uw-platteville announce dual degree programs in physics, engineering 








science & health news
read the latest issue of the college of science & health online magazine 








2024 at uwl
relive the year through some of our favorite images 








building on our strengths
in spring address, beeby shares uwl successes, aspirations 








kicking off the spring semester
beeby to deliver welcome address wednesday, jan. 22 








fast-track to language proficiency
uwl chinese studies students achieve remarkable test results in three semesters 








frame by frame
alumnus dakota nyberg launches video production company after graduation 








top stories of 2024
a year of growth, innovation and recognition for excellence 








art and language meet
art and french students team up to highlight regions of the world through cultural awareness campaign 








sharing stories, connecting families
uwl students gain firsthand experience supporting fathers in new lisbon correctional facility 



more news
























uwl celebrates
black history month



view the celebration!







































a dynamic & diverse learning environment.
acknowledging and respecting the contributions of all




 

a top college in wisconsin
we are the no. 1 public university in wisconsin with less than 25,000 students, according to u.s. news & world report’s best national universities ranking.
learn more a top college in wisconsin

 



 

opportunities to conduct research
our students learn and conduct research alongside faculty who care about their future and fuel their intellectual curiosity.  nearly all of our students, 96 %, participate in at least one “high-impact” practice such as undergraduate research or service-learning projects. 
learn more opportunities to conduct research

 



 

beautiful driftless wisconsin location
128 acres. 360 degrees of incredible. la crosse is recognized as one of the best college towns in america with plenty to see beyond the campus limits. the campus is surrounded by rivers and bluffs for hiking, biking, kayaking and more. take a short walk to historic downtown. 
learn more beautiful driftless wisconsin location

 



 

close-knit campus community
you will find no shortage of opportunities to lead or join a group working for a cause you care about.  see our 200 + student organizations. 
learn more close-knit campus community

 














 



 







 



hear from our students
 
   


















			jeremiah wait
		


				exercise and sport science
			


			"i'm so thankful for all of the great memories that i have from football, with my friends, and everyone who i've been able to associate with through college. i'm excited about my next adventure, but i will cherish the memories that i made in college for the rest of my life!"
		








			vanessa mbuyi, '21
		


				microbiology
			


			"people say bigger schools may have more opportunity, but i think uwl has those opportunities. and i’m able to keep the smaller classes, and i have the ability to talk to my instructor and go to office hours. most of all, i’ve been able to keep the relationships i made as an undergraduate. and those connections have been really important."
		








			mary vaughan
		


				mathematics
			


			"i have often wondered if i would have earned my ph.d. if i had attended a different school for my undergraduate studies. as an undergrad, i worked hard, but i lacked confidence. it was my collective teachers and mentors at uwl that helped me seize the opportunities that have led me to where i am today — working across the world in australia!"
		








			audra geis
		


				communication studies
			


			"i could not have predicted my college experience because the journey is just too good to pre-plan. i'm leaving with memories, life lessons and an abundance of knowledge in my field and stories to share."
		








			tina miller, '03
		


				professional studies in education
			


			"the biggest benefit of the program was having 40 to 50 people in this little community, helping each other through the process."
		

learn more about tina miller, '03 









			miranda sibley
		


				radiation therapy
			


			"uwl taught me to never give up, be passionate in your purpose, be adventurous, and never take anything for granted."
		








			ryan crain, '18
		


				business management
			


			"one of my uwl professors said, 'if you have questions or need help, call or email me.' once i realized the professors at uwl — like at western technical college — were willing to help me, that helped me make the transition."
		

learn more about ryan crain, '18 









			abby siakpere, '18
		


				biology
			


			"my main reasons for coming to uwl were the biology department, the new science labs building, and the excellent reputation the biology program has."
		

learn more about abby siakpere, '18 









			jackson radenz
		


				geography & earth science
			


			"i’ve gained confidence in myself and my ability to solve problems on my own and overcome shortfalls too, which i’ll need in the job market. i’m so grateful for the undergraduate research experiences i’ve had with my faculty mentor, dr. niti mishra."
		

learn more about jackson radenz 









			maddie kozel, '24
		


				english
			


			"i never could have imagined how well prepared i would be at the end of my undergraduate education. my courses have set me up not only for academic success, but also for my communicative and interpersonal success in future jobs, classroom settings, and general society. i finally have an idea about all the possibilities my future holds."
		








			dee reed
		


				communication studies
			


			"i have made so many memories during this time in my life, and i wouldn't change any of it for the world. the biggest thing college has taught me is that i set my limits if i want something. i have everything i need within myself to achieve any goal, and i will always be truly thankful for that."
		








			sarah ziolkowski
		


				economics & finance
			


			"in these times, finding a good career post-graduation seemed insurmountable, but experiences with uwl professors were so helpful to me during the job-search process."
		















































uwl seal logo


"mens corpusque"
the university'sofficial motto means mind and body.

















our "mind and body" motto is incorporated all throughout campus. student-centered and committed to a quality education for the person as a whole.
learn more about mind and body.






84% of students participate in rec sports

3.32 student-athlete cumulative gpa



































empowering our students
fostering curiosity & life-long learning.










navigating the ai frontier
posted 7:46 a.m. friday, feb. 7, 2025


						uwl’s new ai ethics certificate prepares students for leadership in ai-driven world
					

read more about navigating the ai frontier









bringing health insights to light
posted 9:05 a.m. thursday, feb. 6, 2025


						new health manuals created by doctoral students provide accessible, evidence-based information on medical conditions
					

read more about bringing health insights to light









unlocking global opportunities
posted 8:33 a.m. wednesday, feb. 5, 2025


						uwl students study abroad with gilman scholarship
					

read more about unlocking global opportunities









an innovative agreement
posted 9 a.m. thursday, jan. 30, 2025


						uwl, uw-platteville announce dual degree programs in physics, engineering
					

read more about an innovative agreement









returning 31 years later
posted 10:11 a.m. wednesday, jan. 29, 2025


						master’s program graduate shares insights from her lifelong educational journey
					

read more about returning 31 years later




more news








 

















serving as a regional cultural center
preparing students for an ever-changing community.










ancient beads
posted 8:50 a.m. thursday, june 6, 2024


						study uncovers indigenous trade networks before european arrival 
					

read more about ancient beads









mapping for change
posted 8 a.m. tuesday, may 14, 2024


						student-led mapping initiative creates resource for those facing food insecurity 
					

read more about mapping for change









engaging with art beyond sight
posted 2:33 p.m. friday, may 10, 2024


						uwl students enhance winona museum exhibition accessibility with classroom project
					

read more about engaging with art beyond sight









locally sourced
posted 11:08 a.m. wednesday, may 8, 2024


						uwl alumnus benjamin horn on the success of free range exchange
					

read more about locally sourced




more news



































											uw-la crosse
											1725 state street
											la crosse, wi 54601, usa
										








											call us
										



choose a number below to give us a call
if available, call the current office to receive detailed support.



 general information (608.785.8000)


 current office












send feedback





how can we help?
send us your feedback or questions.
















view our strategic plan sustaining excellence
make a gift invest in uwl




uw-la crosse social media
uwl facebook
uwl twitter
uwl youtube
uwl linkedin


uwl tiktok
uwl instagram
campus tour








our leadership




chancellor


academic affairs


admin finance


advancement

 
diversity & inclusion


student affairs


shared governance


uw system






employment


faculty/staff


students


human resources




campus info


emergency


map & directions


parking


create connections









privacy statement
© copyright 2025

theme 


change the theme of the uwl website to match your preferences.
your choice will be saved with a cookie.


theme

light
dark
auto



font

regular
dyslexia
large
dyslexia large










 











