










bob burton

























 







 


about
books
resources
contact
















about
books
resources
contact
















        about the author    
 bobburton 














        dna discovery changes everything!    bob seeks to be a devoted follower of jesus christ. he is a barnabas kind of friend to both pastors and churches. he encourages god's people to obediently express their god-given spiritual dna as seen in the book of acts. 
words like biblical, relational, practical and missional aptly describe the dna of bob's writing style. his first love is jesus christ who is his "no greater love" best friend and savior (john 15:13); it’s the heart of his christian testimony. he desires to be used by god as a catalyst to help churches experience missional revival and seasons of refreshing from the lord.
bob is a life-long learner having received his master’s degree from midwestern baptist theological seminary and a doctorate from the southern baptist theological seminary. he serves as a sending church coach and pipeline specialist with the north american mission board. he is married to his beloved dana and they reside in st. charles, missouri. they have three married sons, three lovely daughter-in-laws and two fantastic grandchildren.
now, let's discover the spiritual dna of a church on mission... 















see bob's blog





watch bob's testimony













 books





        the spiritual dna of a church on mission    in his book the spiritual dna of the church on mission, author bob burton will lead you through a book of acts immersion experience for the purpose of rediscovering the spiritual dna of the first century church. the ten missionary dna principles are embedded within the stories of acts and have for the most part been suppressed or in some cases have been mutated by the twenty-first century church. within these pages, you will receive practical help to learn how to express this god-given spiritual dna and truly experience a missional revival (personally and corporately). by god’s grace, the practice of these principles can change the missional culture within your church and lead to a spiritual awakening in your mission field.




purchase the book-amazon




purchase the book-lifeway
















        the spiritual dna of a church on mission: workbook    in the companion workbook, the spiritual dna of a church on mission, bob burton provides an operational guide to prepare you and your church for a god-given season of missional revival. it is what he calls, the church genome project. the heart and soul of the process is how to implement the seven cultural change factors in your life and the life of your church. biblical examples abound but, our focus will be on ezra—a catalytic leader for cultural change. the resource will help you lead your church into a time of mission plan and mission action with options of a five, a seven or a ten week focus on acts. these factors provide a positive framework for how to lead your church to experience a rediscovery, application, and expression of the spiritual dna from the first-century church.




purchase the workbook-amazon




purchase the workbook-lifeway















 what others are saying about

        the spiritual dna of a church on mission    




 

                        kevin ezell                    
president north american mission board, sbc
"missional drift destroys effectiveness, hurts moral, erodes unity and eventually causes people to question whether an organization even needs to exist. this is the risk so many churches face as they are drawn to the many 'good' activities that ultimately distract from the primary mission. bob burton has put the on mission church under a microscope and he unpacks the key elements that must be present if we are to stay on target with the mission jesus gave."



                        dr. henry blackaby                    
author of experiencing god
"bob burton has captured the essence of a church on mission. it is not about what the church dreams up to do for god, but what god chooses to do through a local church. i have known bob for many years and have always appreciated his passion for the church and god’s plan to use it to transform the world."



                        mark clifton                    
senior director church replanting, north american mission board
"today more than ever the church needs to understand and embrace the truth that bob systematically lays forth in this book--the truth about the activity of god and the role of the church in that activity. i eagerly commend this book to you. i know it will be a valuable resource in your library."



                        sandy wisdom martin                    
executive director, woman’s missionary union sbc
"it was fitting i finished reading bob’s manuscript just as a storm passed through. petrichor is the sweet smell after rain hits very dry ground. that’s how i would describe the effect his work had on me. i experienced fresh renewal and a deeper commitment to make disciples of jesus who live on mission. too often our churches are dry deserts parched from the selfishness and consumerism plaguing modern christianity. bob guides us through the book of acts and shows us everything we need to develop spiritually toward a missions lifestyle as a congregation is right there. his work provides an extensive biblical basis as well as helpful insights and practical suggestions to help your church reclaim its missions dna."



                        vance pitman                    
president send network, north american mission board sbc
"in the new testament, we discover that the local church was born to join in god's global mission. bob burton clearly understands this reality and provides a fresh look at the early church's participation in god's kingdom activity as revealed in the pages of the book of acts. his practical unpacking of the spiritual dna of a church on mission is a phenomenal resource for any church longing to greater understand its role in god's glorious mission."



                        dr. chuck lawless                    
vice president, spiritual formation and ministry centers; dean of doctoral studies and professor of evangelism and missions, southeastern baptist theological seminary; team leader of theological education strategists, international mission board sbc
"the spiritual dna of a church on mission hits at the heart of what north america and the world need: renewal and spiritual awakening. i am particularly pleased by this work’s emphasis on prayer, without which we can never do all that god asks us to do. even if you differ at points with this book, you will come out with a genuine desire for god to do something mighty in and through your church."











        the church genome project: change the missional culture of your church    
        resources    



...to help you implement your own season of missional revival. these resources and many more are in the workbook but these are available for you and your church here for free download.



 

                        5 week small group                    

download



                        7 week small group                    

download



                        10 week small group                    

download







 

                        acts moment devotionals                    

download



                        acts prayer guides                    

download



                        acts reading guides                    

download



                        acts missionary activities                    

download












        contact bob    


    		name *        






            email *        






    		message *    	











        follow bob    
 

 

 

 














copyright © 2020 bob burton
designed by  yale wall designs






