






indiana limestone institute of america




































skip to content
 


 

menu


about us

mission
executive director bio
board of directors
join the ilia


indiana limestone

history
industry links
advantages
colors and grades
product comparison
sustainability
project steps
value engineering


members

member benefits
member directory
join the ilia


technical information

astm
handbook
ili technote series

anchors and supports
cleaning indiana limestone
damage and repair practices and standards
durability and weathering in contemporary atmospheres
grouted cavity walls
ili technote on hand rails and posts
joint sealants for indiana limestone
panel sizes in indiana limestone usage
recommended indiana limestone wall heights
safety factors
the use and overuse of testing in specifying dimension limestone
wood and steel stud construction
water repellents


publications
safety data sheets


education

box lunch talks
seminars


news & events

news
events
blog


gallery

institutional
commercial
residential
landscapes








 






a resource for architects|contractors|building owners|everyone!   about us contact us 








indiana limestone showcase project gallery 




   
institutional





   
commercial





   
residential





   
landscapes










welcome to the indiana limestone institute of america about us the indiana limestone institute is a resource for architects, contractors, building owners and others seeking accurate, unbiased information about the use of indiana limestone in construction.
ili’s technical publications and especially our indiana limestone handbook are widely recognized as among the best “how to” books in the construction industry.
our indiana limestone quarriers, fabricators and associate members  make our efforts possible. for best results, always verify that your stone supplier is a member of the indiana limestone institute.
 




 

what do we do? our services 



mission
 
mission
drawing on over 190-years of built projects found throughout north america and around the world, the mission of the indiana limestone institute is to ensure continued and relevant promotion, education and direct support in the design, application and care of indiana limestone through proven reference, research and technical data, resulting in projects of enduring beauty.





technical information
 
technical information
in addition to technical publications, case studies and reference materials available for download on our web site, we offer direct support and assistance to specifiers and users of indiana limestone. please don’t hesitate to contact us directly. if you can’t find the resources you need here, please contact us at (812) 275-4426 or at todd@iliai.com.









our team 






todd schnatzmeyer
executive director







dave morthland
operations manager








latest happenings at the institute news & events 







 



blog / member news / news 

diamond stone technologies expands capacity 

indiana limestone institute associate member diamond stone technologies, of bedford indiana, has purchased the circular diamond blade assets and equipment from w. f. meyers co.. the purchase includes a large stock of diamond blade steel sections (cores) ranging from 24″ to 76″ as well as brazing and hammer room equipment. these items will contribute significantly to the companies already significant …






 



blog / member news / news 

indian creek stone products increases capacity 

indian creek stone products has started production at a previously vacant stone mill facility once used by a different stone company. the new facilities are located within 12 miles of indian creek stone products’ existing site west of bedford. indian creek stone products purchased the property with assistance from the u.s. small business administration 504 loan program through german american …






 



blog / everything / member news / news 

ili’s new digs 

recently, the indiana university’s geological survey (where we have our office) was moved to a new temporary location in downtown bloomington. the old survey building is undergoing extensive remodeling for the next 2 years. the new location on walnut street in bloomington will be our home for a while, although our mailing address remains the same for now.




read more










contact us 














 your name (required)
 
 your email (required)
 
 subject
 
 your message
 

 




indiana limestone institute of america, inc.


1001 east 10th street, suite 6028, bloomington, in 47405



812-275-4426



todd@iliai.com












 
keep updated 
 







                                        copyright © 2025 indiana limestone institute of america         – 
onepress theme by famethemes                    





























