


we the people constitutional class -- 3rd thursday ---- video available ........ copyright - its all in the name...... wtpfit@gmail.com





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close










we the people constitutional class -- video available ........ copyright - its all in the name...... wtpfit@gmail.com










additions to micromann.freeservers by date







copyright 2004 | 
copyright 2003 | 
copyright 2002 | 
we the people constitutional class -- 3rd thursday ---- video available ........ copyright - its all in the name...... wtpfit@gmail.com | 
links | 
realblog





 e-mail address is:   wtpfit@gmail.com we the people constitutional class  the name was changed march 2005 to: we the people for independent texaswe the people for independent texas websites:http://wtpfit.freeservers.com             start october 2005  current websitehttp://wtpcc.freeservers.com              2005 to october 2005http://wtplc.freeservers.com              years 2001 thru 2004http://micromann.freeservers.com      original websitehttp://trcp.freeservers.com                 texas rules of civil procedure  trcphttp://www.freewebs.com/wtpfit/      clerks dutiesget a copy of the video: copyright - its all in the name.a sample copyright instrument suitable for recordation will be included.a cd is now also available for a donation containing documents actually used.  cd contains:   documents actually used.  mp3 audio of classes mp3 audio of copyright class texas rules of civil procedure  all past classes are available by special request only!the reason we do not set a price is because if we did it would be a price and not a donation.  some can afford more and others can afford nothing.  it is not for us to make that decision.  we send the information out and if you want to donate, we say thank you but many cannot afford it and are deprived of lawful information.  most donate at least enough to cover postage and materials and others donate to cover the ones that are not as fortunate.note: all additions to website is in order by date.** newest information is always at the bottom! ** 

updates in order by date
july 12, 2001to: the honorable john cornyn living soul and attorney general for the state of texasseat of government for the state of texascity of austin, texasplease reply to me addressee first of the family of lastc/o xxxxxx xxxxx notary public for the people of the state of texas0000 addresscity, texas 750xxdear siri write you for clarification of confusion to me of your letter of opinion no. jc-00000. you state in your opinion that a 'natural person' cannot by law file a lien as both the debtor and the creditor. therefore i ask you can i the 'natural person' known per birth certificate as first middle last a living soul, file a lien on the fiction created under the authority of texas rules of civil procedure 52 and known as first middle last a corporation.respectively, yours addressee first, last july 11, 2001affidavit of no license july 24, 2001 verified declaration in the nature of an affidavit for truth in commerce presented by me, addressee, first middle last , living soul, one of we the people underoriginal common law jurisdiction of the texas and united states contracts, the constitutionscommerce operates in truth, demand for truth is made of all parties for full disclosure.republic and one of the several united states ssof america, texas county of collin to: whom it may concern, in the matter of me, the undersigned one of we the peoples life, liberty, property, and pursuit of happiness, and the peoples divine/inalienable rights and trial by jury by law, in/by the original jurisdiction common law in the peoples supreme court mandate by the constitution for the state of texas (herein after cfst) and the document untitled but commonly referred to as constitution of the united states of america as ratified in 1789 and amended in 1791 (herein after cfus). i, me, first middle last , the undersigned, one of we the people, sovereigns, natural born living souls, the posterity, born upon the land in the one of several counties within the one of the several states united of america, creditor, claimant, and secured party, hereinafter secured party, i, me, do hereby solemnly declare, say, and state:1. i, me, the secured party am competent to state the matters set forth herewith. 2. i, me, the secured party have personal knowledge of the facts stated herein.3. all the facts stated herein are true, correct, complete, and not misleading, admissible as evidence, and if testifying, i, me, secured party shall so state.plain statement of facts.a matter must be expressed to be resolved. in commerce truth is sovereign.truth is expressed in the form of an affidavit.an unrebutted affidavit stands as truth in commerce.an unrebutted affidavit becomes the judgment in commerce.  an affidavit of truth, under commercial law, can only be satisfied: by a rebuttal affidavit of truth, by payment, by agreement, by resolution by a jury according to the rules of common law. this declaration is in commerce.  i, me, secured party am expressing truth by this verified declaration in the nature of an affidavit of truth in commerce pursuant to the cfst and the cfus, the sherman act, the clayton act, the hobbs act, and the rico act.   whereas, the public record is the highest form of evidence, i, me, secured party am hereby timely creating public record with this verified declaration in the nature of an affidavit of truth in commerce presented by me, addressee, the undersigned, one of the we the people of the several united states stating that i am unlicensed to grant license and i do not grant license of any type or nature to anyone. fact: any party or parties (herein after party, which includes all agents and principals) is herein given notice by this declaration that i do not grant license of any type or nature to anyone. fact: any party that relies upon me to grant them a license for doing business in commerce is without license in commerce. fact: any party that sends to me any presentment without my prior written consent will be considered by me to be in commerce and must have a copy of your commercial license attached. fact: any party that sends to me any presentment without my prior written consent and without a copy of your commercial license attached will be considered by me to be in commerce and trespass upon my privacy and title to my property  fact: any party that sends to me any presentment with my prior written consent and with a copy of your commercial license attached will be considered by me an offer for private contract by you with me. fact: i reserve all my rights including, but not limited to acceptance of your private presentment offer for contract as written by you for value, or i reserve the right to present to you my counter offer for your contract, or i reserve the right to refuse your offer for contract.  fact: any party that has a contract in their possession that has failed to give me full disclosure, or has been modified or changed in any manner without my written consent, or is an adhesive contract is null and void.  fact: any party that has a contract in their possession that fails to state all the terms and conditions of the contract within the contract is made null and void for being vague.   any party that has a contract in their possession that fails to state all the lawful consideration to me and to the other party within the contract is made null and void for lack of lawful consideration.  i, me, the secured party, is not an expert in the law however i do know right from wrong. if there is any human being that is being unjustly damaged by any statements herein, if he/she will inform me by facts, i will sincerely make every effort to amend my ways. i hereby and herein reserve the right to amend and make amendment to this declaration as necessary in order that the truth may be ascertained and proceeding justly determined. if any party has information that will controvert and overcome this declaration, since this is a commercial matter, please advise me in written, declaration/affidavit, form within twenty-one (21) days from filing hereof, providing me with your counter declaration/affidavit, proving with particularity by stating all requisite actual evidentiary fact and all requisite actual law, and not merely the ultimate facts of conclusions of law that this declaration is substantially and materially false sufficiently to change materially my status and factual declaration. your silence stands as consent to, and tacit approval of, the factual declarations here being established as fact as a matter of law and this declaration will stand as final judgment in this matter.  the undersigned, i, me, the secured party, holder in due course by/in original jurisdiction do herewith declare, state and say that i, secured party, issue this verified declaration in the nature of an affidavit of truth in commerce with sincere intent in truth, that i, me, the undersigned secured party am competent to state the matters set forth herein, that the contents are true, correct, complete, and certain, admissible as evidence, and reasonable and just to the best of my knowledge, by me, undersigned addressee me one of we the people and should any living man or woman deem that the statements are not true, please answer by notarized affidavit using their christian name for signature within twenty-one (21) days.  notice to the agent is notice to the principal applies to this notice.  notice to the principal is notice to the agent applies to this notice.   i, me, explicitly reserve all of my rights.  by me, addressee, first middle last , living soul, holder in due course, the secured party,  ______________________________ all responses to: c/o post office for the states united  first middle last mailing location exact: city, texas state    state of texas   county of collin   a man known to me addressed as first middle last came before me on this __________day of the xxxx month in the year of our lord and savior, jesus christ two-thousand-one. a. d. and declared that the above stated facts are true, correct, complete and not misleading to the best of his knowledge and belief.  name: ______________________________________ seal: notary public   order to the navy july 26, 2001  order  on may the twenty-second 2001, this court ordered the admiral of the navy to immediately dispatch sufficient numbers of navy personnel to the county of dallas, texas state and republic for protection of this court while this court convenes and restores the law, due process, trial by jury by law and a republican form of government as guaranteed us, we the people by the constitutions to the people of the county of dallas, texas state and republic. on twenty-sixth day of june in the year two thousand and one this court found the admiral of the navy guilty as follows:  this court found the admiral in contempt of this one supreme court of the people of the county of dallas, texas for his refusal.   this court found the admiral of the navy guilty of refusal to protect the people from inland pirates operating upon the land, soil of texas whom is taking from the people by their act of piracy, the peoples life liberty and property for the pirates own self-enrichment.   this court finds the admiral has perjured his oath and has failed to protect the people of the county of dallas, the state of texas and this court.   this court finds the admiral has committed treason against the constitution and treaties make pursuant to it, the admirals refusal to come to the aid of the people of the county of dallas, texas and this court has aided the inland pirates in their criminal act against the people of the county of dallas, texas and this court. the people of the county of dallas and texas have exhausted all their remedies by petition for redress of their grievances to all three branches of government county, state and federal. the peoples petition for redress of their grievance has been ignored. not only has their petitions been ignored the officials of our government has given aid and comfort to these pirates.   the pirates have committed acts of war against the people of  the state of texas, county of dallas and this court. the admiral has refused to come to the aid of and protect the people of the county of dallas and the state of texas and this court. the admirals refusal to protect this court has caused irreparable harm to this court the people of the county of dallas and the state of texas and has in fact aided the pirates.   piracy in any form being a concern of all peoples and all nations of the world. this court petition all peoples and all nations of the world to come to the aid of the people of the state of texas, the county of dallas and this court. this court petition especially the nation that are a party to the treaties made with the united states including but not limited to the treaty on human rights, the treaty on political rights and the treaty on the abolishment on all forms of slavery.   this court again issues this second order for the admiral to appear immediately before this court and show cause why the admiral has refused to carry out the order of this court and the duties of his commission and his pledge by oath to serve and protect the people and the courts of the people of the several united states.   this order is to be hand carried to the nearest naval facility and given to the officer on duty to be immediately transmitted by that officer to the person in the office of admiral of the navy.   failure of the admiral to act immediately will cause this court to petition the nations of the world to come to the aid of the people of texas, the county of dallas and this court.  executed this twenty-forth day of july in the year two thousand and one, pursuant to texas government code section 602.004 and title 28 usc section 1746 (1).   signed by 12 justices    presiding judge____________ seal  presiding judge appointed by the damaged and parties interested by the authority of article 5 section 16 of the 1876 constitution for texas.   witness by ralph, evans one of the damaged and interested parties message center 972-412-9161  mark ________________ july 24, 2001.    certificate of service i the undersigned declare that this order was delivered to the navy facility location, in the county of dallas, texas in the city of dallas by me, this ____ day of july, 2001.  mark_____________________       notice to governor august 13, 2001   to: the governor for the state of texas rick perry and  the texas house and senate p.o. box 12428 austin, texas 78711-2428  august 13, 2001  dear representatives of the people of texas  by this presentment you are here by placed on notice for your failure to uphold your oath to the people and your failure to protect the peoples lifes, liberties and properties, your failure to uphold and enforce the texas constitution, the laws of texas, the laws of the several united states, the constitution for the several united states and treaties made pursuant to it. your failure to maintain our court of record as required by law and mandated by the texas constitution. you have not only failed in your duty to we the people you have aided and abetted those commercial agents in the overthrow of our laws and our government for your and their own self enrichment.   you have failed to educate us and our children in the constitution and the laws that is required for good open honest government that protects the life, liberty, property and freedom of each and all of the people upon the land of texas. you have attempted to enact laws that are departmental to the people in violation of our constitution and our "bill of rights".   you have used your corrupt commercial agents, your commercial courts and your commercial corporations to take our life, liberty and property and overthrow our government under the color of law. you have turn loose armies of armed thugs that are impersonating law enforcement agents to take our lives, our liberties and our properties for your and their own self enrichment. you have repeatedly ignored our petitions for redress of our grievances.   therefore you are placed on notice that we the people have reopen our court of record. we have appoint lawful law enforcement officers for the protection of our courts of record and the peoples life, liberty and property and any more violation of the peoples rights by any person under the color of any law will be arrested and tried by the peoples county court of record and a just and fair sentence will be placed on that person if found guilty. any interference by any united state, state, county or city agent will be evidence of sedition. you will immediately notify the cities, the counties and the states corporations including the cities the counties and the state that their charters have been revoked and terminated and there is not any more limited liability. each person for each corporation is now and will be held accountable for his or her acts and deeds.   you governor and each of you members of the house and senate have ten (10) day to go into special session and reestablish law and order and a constitution form of government in the sate and in each county.  in the event you choose to ignore this notice you are placed on notice your ignorance of this notice will not only cause state and federal repercussion it will cause international repercussion brought on by your and your commercial agents violation of oath of office the texas constitution, the constitution for the several united states and the treaties make pursuant to it, including but not limited to the treaty on the abolishment of all form of slavery, the treaties on human and political rights.  a man known to as ralph kenneth evans and ralph, evans has been given the duly and the privilege to preset to each of you this notice for the lawless and abuse he has suffered at the hands of your armed commercial thugs impersonation law enforcement officers whom he believes to be satanic minions by their acts and deeds in view of the past lawless abuse and torture he has suffered which has been regular and on going even as resonate as the week of august 5th-11th 2001. he also has a long list of other crime victims whom are willing and able to give testimony to the facts of the crimes committed against each of them by these same commercial armed thugs impersonating law enforcement officers who are operating in texas lawlessly, unabated and are added and abetted by the officers of the corrupt texas commercial courts for their own self enrichment.  this notice is presented to the governor for the state of texas rick perry by electronic mail this 13th day of august, 2001 for his present to the house and senate for the people of the state of texas by me addressee ralph evans and a copy to the solicitor general for the people of the several united states of america.         petition to: solicitor general for the united states of america august 15, 2001  commerce operates in truth; demand for truth is made of all parties for full disclosure.  verified criminal complaint by declaration in the nature of an affidavit of the living man, ralph, evans one of we the people as required by law article 5 section 17 of the 1876 constitution for the state of texas.    republic of and one of the several united states of america texas  county of dallas   declaration in support of petition for this verified criminal complaint.  petition to: solicitor general for the united states of america  verified complaint in the matter of the criminal trespass and infringement upon title to private copyright taking of several dozen twenty dollars gold coin without authority or my consent, theft of liberty and freedom, racketeering, corruption, kidnapping, sedition against the laws of texas, the texas constitution, the laws of the united states of america, the constitution for the united for the united states of america, international law pursuant to treaties, slavery and human and political rights violations on or about august 5th to 11th 2001 by agents of commercial corporations of the state of texas all done against me, the people and the peace and dignity of republic and the state of texas.  i, me the undersigned one of we, the people, sovereigns, living souls, the posterity, preferred stock holder, born upon the land in the one of several counties within the one of the several states united in america, i, me the undersigned posterity, creditor, claimant, and secured party, hereinafter secured party, or i, or myself, or me, or addressee ralph, evans does hereby solemnly declare, say, and state: a. i, me, the secured party competent to state the matters set forth herewith. b. secured party has personal knowledge of the facts stated herein. c. all the facts stated herein are true, correct, complete, and certain, to the best of my knowledge and remembrance, admissible as evidence, and if testifying i, me, the secured party shall so state.   plain statement of facts by declaration. this verified criminal complaint by declaration in the nature of an affidavit by me is made against the commercial agents of the corporation of the cities of rowlett, garland, and dallas county, dallas countys sheriff department and the state of texas.  1. on are about the fifth day of august 2001, i was taken by commercial agents of the corporation of rowlett, texas placed in the commercial prison in the corporation of rowlett and my twenty dollar gold coins was taken from me and are still taken. on monday the sixth of august i was taken by a commercial agent of the corporation of rowlett to the commercial prison of the corporation of dallas county and held by the commercial agents of the sheriffs department for the corporation of dallas county. i was abused, tortured and terrorized by the commercial agents of the sheriffs department day and night till saturday august the eleventh then released and was told by one of the commercial agents that they were turning me loose because they had, had enough fun with me. i had suffered torture by mental abuse from monday-friday by the sheriffs commercial agents in an attempt to force me to give them my name and my birthright and to contract myself into bondage to them. when they release me and returned part of my belonging to me i ask them to also return the gold coins to me but to this day i have not had the coins returned. i was told that the corporation of garlands commercial agents had a writ of body attached issued against ralph kenneth evans (which the courts have ruled violates the laws of texas and the federal constitution) whom they claimed i am, but being only my copyright private property removed from commerce. (i have lived in fear that i will be kidnapped again if seen by any of the commercial agents operating in the county of dallas, texas one of the several united states of america because of the unlawful garland writ of body attachment). while i was being tortured by these commercial agents i ask for a pen and paper so i may write a petition for writ of habeas corpus, i was laughed at and ask where i thought i was at the holiday inn. the same was true when i ask to be taken before a lawful judicial tribunal for the county of dallas for a due process hearing.  2. i, addressee ralph, evans place this petition before the solicitor general for the united states of america, by verified criminal complaint by declaration in the nature of an affidavit as mandated by law, article 5 section 17 of the peoples 1876 constitution for the state of texas (herein after pcfst).  3. i, addressee ralph, evans petition for trial by jury by law as mandated by law, article 1 section 15 (pcfst) as mandated by law, article 1 section 19 (pcfst). there being several dozen twenty dollar gold coins minted by the united states of america at issue i have the right to trial by jury according to the rules of the common law and mandated by the seventh amendment to we the people of the united states constitution for the united states of america in the year of 1787.  if any living soul has information that would controvert and overcome this verified criminal complaint by declaration in the nature of an affidavit statement, please advise me in declaration/affidavit form by writing within 7 days from receipt hereof a counter-affidavit, proving with particularity by stating all requisite actual evidentiary fact and all requisite actual law, and not merely the ultimate facts or conclusions of law, that this declaration/affidavit statement is substantially and materially false sufficiently to change materially my status and factual declarations stated herein and signed under penalty of perjury using their christian name to the notary public for we the people of the state of texas: xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxx. city, state, zip . your silence stands as consent to and tacit approval of, the factual declarations herein being established as fact as a matter of law.   i do understand the liabilities for making false statements and do accept all liability for my acts. (briscoe v. lahue 460 u.s. 325) if there is anyone being damaged unjustly by any statement herein, if he/she will inform me by facts, i will sincerely make every effort to amend my ways. i reserve my unalienable right to amend this declaration/affidavit as necessary at times and places of my own choosing, according as new facts and revelations are made available to me at various future times and places as yet unknown, and as yet to be determined, in order that the truth may be ascertained. may the will of the heavenly father be done on earth as it is in heaven? (matthew 6:10).   i explicitly reserve all my unalienable rights without prejudice under texas rules of civil procedures 815. i explicitly reserve all my unalienable rights without prejudice under title 28 usc section 2072(b). i explicitly reserve all my unalienable rights without prejudice under u. c. c. 1: 207  executed pursuant to title 28 usc section 1746 (1) this xxxx day of the month of august in the year of our lord and savior, two-thousand-one.  with full reservation of my entire natural god given substantive rights without prejudice as preserved by the state and federal constitutions. my mark:  addressee: ralph, evans  state of texas  county of dallas   this declaration and its content was acknowledged before me, a notary public in and for the state of texas, on this xxx day of the month of august in the year of our lord and savior, jesus christ two-thousand-one by living soul ralph, evans.  name: seal: reply to the notary public 4222 rosehill road, number 22.  garland, texas 75043   certificate of service a copy of this document being pages 1-2 is being faxed to the governor of the state of texas and by electronic to the office of the solicitor general for the united states of america this the xxxx day of august in the year 2001 by me the holder in due course of the original with signatures and seal by notary public of which will be furnished upon request   by addressee       non-negotiable bill of exchange august 16, 2001  commerce operates in truth; demand for truth is made of all parties for full disclosure.  verified non-negotiable bill of exchange by declaration in the nature of an affidavit  of the living man, ralph, evans one of we the people as required by law article 5 section 17 of the 1876 constitution for the state of texas.   republic of and one of the  several united states of america texas   county of dallas    declaration in support of verified non-negotiable bill of exchange  verified statements support of non-negotiable of bill of exchange  in the matter of the criminal trespass and infringement upon title to private copyright taking of several dozen twenty dollars gold coin without authority or my consent, theft of liberty and freedom, racketeering, corruption, kidnapping, sedition against the laws of texas, the texas constitution, the laws of the united states of america, the constitution for the united states of america, international law pursuant to treaties, slavery and human and political rights violations on or about august 5th-11th 2001 by agents of commercial corporations of the state of texas all done against me, the people and the peace and dignity of republic and the state of texas.  i, me the undersigned one of we, the people, sovereigns, living souls, the posterity, preferred stock holders, born upon the land in the one of several counties within the one of the several states united in america, i, me the undersigned posterity, creditor, claimant, and secured party, hereinafter secured party, or i, or myself, or me, or addressee ralph, evans does hereby solemnly declare, say, and state: a. i, me, the secured party competent to state the matters set forth herewith. b. secured party has personal knowledge of the facts stated herein. c. all the facts stated herein are true, correct, complete, and certain, to the best of my knowledge and remembrance, admissible as evidence, and if testifying i, me, the secured party shall so state.   plain statement of facts by declaration.  this verified statements support of non-negotiable of bill of exchange by declaration in the nature of an affidavit by me is made against the commercial agents of the corporation of the cities of rowlett, garland, and dallas county, dallas countys sheriff department and the state of texas.  1. on are about the fifth day of august 2001, i was taken by commercial agents of the corporation of rowlett, texas placed me in the commercial prison in the corporation of rowlett and my twenty dollar gold coins was taken from me and are still taken. on monday the sixth of august i was taken by a commercial agent of the corporation of rowlett to the commercial prison of the corporation of dallas county and held by the commercial agents of the sheriffs department for the corporation of dallas county. i was abused, tortured and terrorized by the commercial agents of the sheriffs department day and night till saturday august the eleventh then released and was told by one of the commercial agents that they were turning me loose because they had, had enough fun with me. i had suffered torture by mental abuse from monday-friday by the sheriffs commercial agents in an attempt to force me to give them my name and my birthright and to contract myself into bondage to them. when they release me and returned part of my belonging to me i ask them to also return the gold coins to me but to this day i have not had the coins returned. i was told that the corporation of garlands commercial agents had a writ of body attached issued against my copyright ralph kenneth evans   2. i, addressee ralph, evans did place a copyright into the public records in the county of dallas, texas and in the public records with the secretary of sate for the state of texas and removed the fictitious name of ralph k. evans and all derivatives of that name from commerce and it is now my private property. the terms and condition for the use of said name was plainly spelled out in the recorded copyright contract/agreement recorded in the records of the county of dallas, texas, so that all would know the cost to them by me for the use of said name for taking anything of value from my estate.   3. the above listed parties have taken my most value thing using my private copyright, my liberty. the bill for said taking is now due and payable by each party as follows, the corporation of the city of rowlett texas five million united states dollars of silver specie (5,000,000.00). the corporation of the city of garland texas five million united states dollars of silver specie (5,000,000.00). the corporation of the dallas county sheriffs department twenty million united states dollars of silver specie (20,000,000.00). the corporation of the dallas county texas thirty million united states dollars of silver specie (30,000,000.00). the corporation dallas county being responsible for the commercial entities under its jurisdiction and being a responsible party, after being given notice for the cost of the use of my private property my copyright by the commercial entities under its jurisdiction and being a joinder of parties. the corporation the state of texas sixty million united states dollars of silver specie (60,000,000.00). the corporation the state of texas being responsible for the commercial entities under its jurisdiction and being a responsible party, after being given notice for the cost of the use of my private property my copyright by the commercial entities under its jurisdiction and being a joinder of parties. the corporation the state of texas sixty million united states dollars of silver specie (60,000,000.00). 4. total amount of this bill of exchange due and payable within thirty (30) days 120,000,000.00   this verified non-negotiable bill of exchange must be paid within thirty days from the date of this bill failure to pay within thirty days will cause a ten (10) percent penalty to be added to the total amount and ten (10) percent penalty will be added each thirty days there after until paid in full.  having knowledge of the oppression, corruption and evil of the departments of governments in the united states i realize that this verified non-negotiable bill of exchange may be impossible to collect in the united states i therefore reserve the right to sale said bill in to the foreign exchange market for what ever amount it will bring in what ever currency i may choose.   if any living soul has information that would controvert and overcome this verified non-negotiable bill of exchange by declaration in the nature of an affidavit statement, please advise me in declaration/affidavit form by writing within thirty (30) days from receipt hereof a counter-affidavit, proving with particularity by stating all requisite actual evidentiary fact and all requisite actual law, and not merely the ultimate facts or conclusions of law, that this declaration/affidavit statement is substantially and materially false sufficiently to change materially my status and factual declarations stated herein and signed under penalty of perjury using their christian name to the notary public for we the people of the state of texas: name, address, city, state, zip . your silence stands as consent to and tacit approval of, the factual declarations herein being established as fact as a matter of law.   i do understand the liabilities for making false statements and do accept all liability for my acts. (briscoe v. lahue 460 u.s. 325) if there is anyone being damaged unjustly by any statement herein, verified non-negotiable bill of exchange if he/she will inform me by facts, i will sincerely make every effort to amend my ways. i reserve my unalienable right to amend this declaration/affidavit verified non-negotiable bill of exchange as necessary at times and places of my own choosing, according as new facts and revelations are made available to me at various future times and places as yet unknown, and as yet to be determined, in order that the truth may be ascertained. may the will of the heavenly father be done on earth as it is in heaven? (matthew 6:10).   i explicitly reserve all my unalienable rights without prejudice under texas rules of civil procedures 815. i explicitly reserve all my unalienable rights without prejudice under title 28 usc section 2072(b). i explicitly reserve all my unalienable rights without prejudice under u. c. c. 1: 207  executed pursuant to title 28 usc section 1746 (1) this xxxx day of the month of august in the year of our lord and savior, two-thousand-one.with full reservation of my entire natural god given substantive rights without prejudice as preserved by the state and federal constitutions. my mark addressee:   state of texas  county of dallas   this verified non-negotiable bill of exchange declaration and its content was acknowledged before me, a notary public in and for the state of texas, on this xxxxx day of the month of august in the year of our lord and savior, jesus christ two-thousand-one by living soul ralph, evans.  name: seal: reply to the notary public address.  city, state zip certificate of service  a copy of this document verified non-negotiable bill of exchange being pages 1-3 is being faxed to the governor of the state of texas rick perry by electronic mail also a copy by first class mail with certificate of mailing to the office of the governor p. o. box 12428 austin, texas 78711-2428 (copies is also being faxed to the comptroller of public accounts and the secretary of state for the state of texas) with attachments numbered one and two this the xxxx day of august in the year 2001 by me the holder in due course of the original with signatures and seal by notary public of which will be furnished upon request  by addressee   notice  the debt for the 130 something days of past false imprisonment of me by some of the same above commercial agents is past due and is owed. please pay immediately. if the stolen united states twenty dollar in gold coins in the procession of the commercial agents of corporation of rowlett are not returned to me within three (3) days after receipt of this notice it will cause this verified non-negotiable bill of exchange to double in value to me.   by me addressee    verified non-negotiable bill of exchange august 16, 200 present to the governor for the state of texas  rick perry for payment to me ralph, evans  total amount of bill:  one-hundred-twenty million united state dollars silver specie 120,000,000.00  please pay immediately. please send payment within thirty (30) days,  notary public for the state of texas address city, city zip   bill issued by me addressee   verified by notary public:  name: seal:     






notice of revocationaugust 17, 2001in the office of the county clerkfor the people of the county of dallas, texas recorded this day. from: ralph kenneth evans living soulc/o to: all mere corporate agencies of government claiming a power of appointment and/or trusteeship interest in the labor rights or other property rights of ralph kenneth evans. said mere corporate agencies of government including, but are not limited to: the secretary of state, washington d.c., secretary of state, state of texas; governor for the state of texas; the internal revenue service, the social security administration. state of texas taxing agencies; all counties of the state of texas taxing agencies, ail state & county registrars of deeds, the texas department of transportation, all federal, state and local law enforcement agencies; all legislative, executive and judicial branches of the democracy: all judges and prosecutors and does 1 through 10,000.subject: release of power of appointment per vtca 181.001. 181.002, 181.003; 181,004; 181.051; 181.055; 181.056; and notice of 'termination of trusteeship'.release of power of appointment andpublic notice of revocation of trusteeshipi, ralph kenneth evans, now come, sui juris, not a ward or conserved, of lawful age, andnever convicted of any act of moral turpitude. i have personal knowledge of the matters stated herein, am competent to testify, and i say to the truth of the statements herein. i hereby declare that:1. concerning the powers of appointments over labor rights and other property rights of ralph kenneth evans, in relation to any and all entities claiming a power of appointment and/or trusteeship interest over the labor rights and other property rights of ralph kenneth evans, this is notice to any and all mere corporate agencies of government claiming a power of appointment and/or trusteeship in the labor rights and other property rights of ralph kenneth evans.2. with specific notice to the secretary of state, washington d.c. and secretary of state. state of texas concerning powers of appointment and/or trusteeships in or over the labor rights and other property rights of ralph kenneth evans with other specific notice to the internal revenue service, the social security administration, the state of texas taxing agencies, all counties of the state of texas taxing agencies, registrar of deeds, texas department of transportation (a division of motor vehicle titles and registration), all federal, state and local law enforcement agencies, the governor for the state of texas, the legislative, executive and judicial branches of the democracy, all judges and prosecutors and does 1 through 10,000.you are hereby placed on public notice-you are released from your power of appointment andyour trusteeship over the person, labor & otherproperty rights of:ralph kenneth evanstrusteeships are terminated and revoked ab initio3. you and/or your agents, using fraudulent inducement, misrepresentation of facts and law, threats, intimidation, fear tactics, harassment, lies, theft and concealment of the true nature of contractual arrangements, including consumer fraud, did knowingly, willingly and intelligently defraud ralph kenneth evans of rights to ownership of labor and other property rights. those specific contractual relationships ralph kenneth evans was conned into by fraud and misrepresentation include, but are not limited to: (1) use of a birth certificate registered with the department of commerce and department of health, education and welfare, washington d.c.; (2) use of the communistic social security ponzi scheme program: (3) entrance into a marriage license contract with the 'state'; (4) entrance into the commercial drivers license (5) registration of properties acquired lawfully with my labor with various 'state entities' (mere corporate entities). (6) application for and acquisition of other state and federal offered licensing privileges.  4. the basis of this termination of trusteeship over my labor and other property rights is your malfeasance of office, your absolute dereliction of duty, and your criminal activity directed at converting the rights to labor and property belonging to ralph kenneth evans to the benefit and control of foreign financial powers, foreign to our constitutional form of government, united states of america, and then using that position of 'trust' to threaten, intimidate, and harass ralph kenneth evans into complying with the ten planks of the communist manifesto, the threat being that non-compliance will result in the confiscation of property rights. you and your agents are not fit to rule for and on behalf of a free people. your trusteeship is revoked and terminated ab initio, you are released from your power of appointment. ralph kenneth evans further declares, under the penalty of perjury, under the laws of the united states of america, that ralph kenneth evans is not a united states citizen nor a citizen of the united states. ralph kenneth evans was born in picken county, jasper, georgia is a citizen of the government of god, philippians 3:20, and a citizen of the sovereign republican state wherein i reside, and further declares that all foreign commercial financial instruments, including the foreign counterfeit 'dollars', federal reserve notes, put upon the american people by fraud and theft; used by ralph kenneth evans are and have been used 'without recourse" since they are bad checks: and passed non-assumpsit of any contractual offers, and with all rights reserved without prejudice.  5. you and your agents and does 1 through 10,000 are released from your power of appointment over ralph kenneth evans. our contractual relationship is terminated. physical cancellation of documents in your possession containing my name is demanded with the exception of this document,  6. your certificate(s) of beneficial interest, if applicable, are enclosed in exchange for the return of my rights of ownership/control over my labor and my other property rights. lawful ownership and control over my labor and other property is claimed for the consideration of having paid my labor for such lawful ownership/control and by conquer.  7. demand is made that you and your agents and does 1 through 10,000 immediately cease and desist from the infringing and trespass upon my god given unalienable rights secured by our superior law of the land, the constitution of the united states of america- article x. the powers not delegated to the united states, nor to the state, lawfully by constitutional contract, belong to 'we the people'.  8. declaration of independence: the undersigned does hereby declare independence from all mere corporate agencies of government and from interstate commercial regulatory powers to which the undersigned was conned into by fraud and misrepresentation.  9. all benefits from mere corporate entities of government are waived and/or forfeited. a refund of funds extorted from the undersigned by fraud is demanded.  10. notice at law: the undersigned is functioning according to the course of the common law in the republican form of government, an unalienable right from god, secured by constitutional law and exercised by the undersigned as an unalienable right, article x, united states of america constitution to wit: whatever rights not delegated to the united states, nor to the states, those rights are reserved to 'we the people'.  11. as a public hireling servant, you were sworn to uphold our constitutional law as the supreme law of the land, please do so, and conduct yourself accordingly or resign from office.   if anyone has information that would controvert and overcome this affidavit statement, please advise me in affidavit form by writing within 30 days from receipt hereof a counter affidavit, proving with particularity by staling all requisite actual evidentiary fact and all requisite actual law, and not merely the ultimate facts or conclusions of law, that this affidavit statement is substantially and materially false sufficiently to change materially my status and factual declarations. your silence stands as consent to and tacit approval of, the factual declarations herein being established as fact as a matter of law.  i do understand the liabilities for making false statements and do accept all liability for my acts. if there is anyone being damaged by any statement herein, if he will inform me by facts, i will sincerely make every effort to amend my ways. i reserve my unalienable right to amend this affidavit as necessary at times and places of my own choosing, according as new facts and revelations are made available to me at various future times and places as yet unknown, and as yet to be determined, in order that the truth may be ascertained. may the will of the heavenly father be done on earth as it is in heaven. (matthew 6:10)  executed by me living soul outside the united states this xx day of xxxxx 2001 by my mark  addressee   state of texas  county of dallas   this declaration release of power of appointment and public notice of revocation of trusteeship and its content was acknowledged before me, a notary public in and for the state of texas, on this xxxx day of the month of august in the year of our lord and savior, jesus christ two-thousand-one by living soul ralph, evans.  name: seal: reply to the notary public address city, sate, zip  certificate of service  a copy of this document being pages 1-4 was delivered by first mail to xxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx this xxxx day of august in the year 2001 by me the holder in due course of the original with signatures and seal by notary public of which a copy will be furnished upon request by addressee       notice of unlawful closing of the peoples county court of record august 27, 2001  to: governor rick perry the house, the senate and the secretary of state for the state of texas  non-negotiable notice of unlawful closing of the peoples county court of record in violation of the code and the law.  code of criminal precedure  art. 4.02. [52] existing courts continued no existing courts shall be abolished by this code and shall continue with the jurisdiction, organization, terms and powers currently existing unless otherwise provided by law. this would include the art 5 sec 15, 17 and 27 texas const. court of record of the people the only court that can seat a lawful jury all other court are operating in deceptive trade practice.  art. 4.08. [57] [101-897] appellate jurisdiction of county courts the county courts shall have appellate jurisdiction in criminal cases of which justice courts and other inferior courts (the district courts are the other inferior courts) have original jurisdiction. every prisoner in the prisons in the state of texas has been placed there in violation of both the code and the law by the agents of the criminal racketeering cartel the texas bar association without a fair and just trial or due process by law. they have been placed there by the agents of the criminal cartel and their minions for their (the agents and minions) own self enrichment. every texan the state kills in its commercial death chamber is done outside the code and the law and is murder. talk about violation of the human rights treaty.  art. 4.10. [59] [99] [92] to forfeit bail bonds county courts and county courts at law shall have jurisdiction in the forfeiture and final judgment of all bail bonds and personal bonds taken in criminal cases of which said courts have jurisdiction county courts have jurisdiction over the people and county courts at law have jurisdiction over the corporations only.  art. 4.11. [60] [106] [96] jurisdiction of justice courts (a) justices of the peace shall have original jurisdiction in criminal cases: (1) punishable by fine only or punishable by: (a) a fine; and (b) as authorized by statute, a sanction not consisting of confinement or imprisonment; or (2) arising under chapter 106, alcoholic beverage code, that do not include confinement as an authorized sanction. (b) the fact that a conviction in a justice court has as a consequence the imposition of a penalty or sanction by an agency or entity other than the court, such as a denial, suspension, or revocation of a privilege, does not affect the original jurisdiction of the justice court. the j. p. courts cannot put anyone in jail.  art. 4.14. [62] [108] [98] jurisdiction of municipal court municipal court cannot put anyone in jail.  art. 4.17. transfer of certain misdemeanors on a plea of not guilty to a misdemeanor offense punishable by confinement in jail, entered in a county court of a judge who is not a licensed attorney, on the motion of the state or the defendant, the judge may transfer the case to a district court having jurisdiction in the county or to a county court at law in the county presided over by a judge who is a licensed attorney. the judge may make the transfer on his own motion. the attorney representing the state in the case in county court shall continue the prosecution in the court to which the case is transferred. provided, in no case may any such case be transferred to a district court except with the written consent of the judge of the district court to which the transfer is sought.  art. 4.07. [56] [98] [91] jurisdiction of county courts the county courts shall have original jurisdiction of all misdemeanors of which exclusive original jurisdiction is not given to the justice court, and when the fine to be imposed shall exceed five hundred dollars. this is to mislead. this attempts to lead the reader to believe the county courts of record have only misdemeanor jurisdiction. the county courts of record have original jurisdiction of all felonies, which is not stated as unnecessary.  the county court of record art 5 sec. 15 mandated by both law (texas const.) and code, is mandated to exist this makes every policy enforcement officer (policeman), the sheriff, his deputies, the constables, the bar card attorneys, on and off the bench, the county commissioners, the county judge lee jackson, the officials of all the municipalities, the governor, the legislators and unnamed others all criminals and outlaws in the county of dallas and all other counties in texas.  art. 3.02. [49] [60] [61] criminal action a criminal action is prosecuted in the name of the state of texas against the accused, and is conducted by some person acting under the authority of the state, in accordance with its laws (constitution not the code). acts 1965, 59th leg., vol. 2, p. 317, ch. 722. there is no authority for the capitol letter name the state of texas.  art. 3.03. [50] [61] [62] officers the general term "officers" includes both magistrates and peace officers. acts 1965, 59th leg., vol. 2, p. 317, ch. 722. does not include policy enforcement officers (police officers) that are only security guards for the municipal corporations.  texas penal code section 1.07. definitions  (26) "individual" means a human being who has been born and is alive.  there is no authority for the capitol letter name of an "individual" criminally converting him into an association or any other commercial entity or corporation using supreme court t. r. c. p. 52, unless he has incorporated himself and registered with the secretary of state of texas.  code of criminal procedure art. 17a.03. summoning corporation or association  (b) no individual may be arrested upon a complaint, indictment, information, judgment, or sentence against a corporation or association. a individual cannot be criminally converted into a corporation or association by the means of capitalizing his christian name using t. r. c. p. 52.  i could go on and on with this but it is unnecessary. i say again the texas bar association and its member is a criminal racketeering cartel aided and abetted by their minions, the governor, the legislators, the county judges, the county commissioners, sheriffs, the sheriffs deputies, the constables and this criminal cartel is run out of the texas supreme court.  the law and the code have been willfully and corruptly perverted for the self-enrichment of the members of the texas bar association and their minions to the detriment of the people of texas.   i certify a true and correct copy of this non-negotiable notice was delivered to the secretary of state of texas, by electronic mail, for his delivery to governor rick perry the house and the senate this 26 day of august 2001.  by me addressee by my mark ralph, evans  cc: solicitor general for the people of the united states of america     notice to convene the court  september 3, 2001  notice  september 3, 2001  dear judge lee jackson   i am calling the court you were elected to preside over. please let me know if you will be able to attend are not. in the event you are unable to attend we the people will appoint a presiding judge to convene the court and swear in the justices. if you have any reason we should not do so please let me know immediately for this being of such a critical matter of kidnapping, hostage taking, stolen gold, coinage of the united states of america, extortion, blackmail and misprision of felonies. this matter needs the attention of the court right away for the sake of justice. if i don't hear from you then it will be understood by all parties you have declined and we have your authority to appoint a judge from among the people.  you may respond to me by electronic mail via evans@ticnet.com or if you prefer mail please address it in care of me to; notary public 4222 rose hill road number 10, garland, texas   this notice is sent to you by presentment to your web master using the principal that notice to the agent is notice to the principal and any notice is good notice by me ralph, evans damaged party.      notice to vacate signed september 11, 2001  to:  lee f. jackson  county judge   jim jackson  commissioner, district 1   mike cantrell  commissioner, district 2  john wiley price  commissioner, district 3   kenneth a. mayfield commissioner, district 4   government center 600 commerce street dallas, texas 75202  notice to vacate  the county court of record has been closed. commissioners and judge, you have failed to provide the times and terms (at least four) for the court as mandated by law, article 5 section 29 of the constitution for texas. each of you did take an oath to uphold the law. each of you for your failure to provide by law (at least four) times and terms for the court of record violates the law and your oath. each of you for your failure to uphold the laws and the constitution for texas have disfranchised we the people in the county of dallas from our 'bill of rights' and a republican form of government and have forfeited your privilege of citizenship in texas. you have left us prey to commercial agents (bar card attorney(s) and their minions) of the state and the united states. you have operated in collusion with the commercial agents and the officials of the three departments of our government for texas and the united states. you have left these commercial agents free to take our liberty and property for their own enrichment under the color of law. you have left these commercial agents free to place us in their commercial prisons and murder us in their commercial death chambers. you have left these commercial agents free to deny us redress of grievances, deny us due process by law and trial by jury by law. you have acted in collusion with these commercial agents in violation of the laws of texas, the constitution for the united states of america and treaties made pursuant to the constitution for united states of america, including but not limited to the treaty of abolishment of all forms of slavery, the treaty of civil and political rights. your acts are a threat to the health, safety and welfare of the people of the county of dallas and the peace and dignity of the state of texas. therefore you have forfeited your right to the office for your blatant, incompetent, reckless disregard for the law and your failure to perform the duties of your office, causing human rights violation of the people of the county of dallas by the county courts at law, the district attorney, and the district and municipal courts, using deceptive trade practice. you must immediately resign.   from: each of we the people as signed:   sign print  signed by 12    republic and state of texas  county of dallas   i certify by seal this notice to vacate was acknowledged and executed before me, a notary public in and for the state of texas, by each signor, either known by me or after proper identification, this the xx day of the ninth month in the year of our lord and savior, two thousand one.  name: notarized september 11, 2001 seal:  notary public in and for the state of texas   witness by me one of the many crime victims and damaged parties.   signed   cc governor, rick perry and the secretary of state for his presentment to the house and senate and a copy to the solicitor general for notice to the united states.      denial of corporate status  october 5, 2001  verified non-negotiable actual and constructive   notice of waiver of tort and denial of corporate status in the nature of texas rules of civil procedure 52 presented by declaration of me, me is not a corporation known as ralph k. evans or ralph kenneth evans and or ralph evans or any derivates thereof.   county of dallas, state of texas ss  i, me, addressee ralph, evans (herein after me) am a follower of yahshua the messiah in the laws of the almighty supreme creator, first and foremost and the laws of man when they are not in conflict (leviticus 18:3,4). pursuant to matthew 5:33-37 and james 5-12, let my yea be yea, and my nay be nay. i have personal knowledge of the matters stated herein, and hereby asseverate understanding the liabilities presented in briscoe vs la hue. 460 us 325.  whereas, the public record is the highest form of evidence, i, me, am hereby timely creating public record by declaration with this verified non-negotiable actual and constructive notice of waiver of tort, denial of corporate status in the nature of texas rules of civil procedure 52 presented by declaration of me, me is not a corporation known as ralph k. evans or ralph kenneth evans and or ralph evans or any derivates thereof.   declaring this is a private contract specifying the penalties set forth herein in support of public contracts, the law, the bill of rights of the 1836 constitution of the republic of texas and preserved by the 1876 constitution of the state of texas and the 1787 (as amended by the bill of rights 1791 of the) constitution of the united states of america, the public contract which you have pledged by oath to support me. give respondents notice (respondents being any party that uses the fiction person a corporation known as ralph k. evans or ralph kenneth evans and or ralph evans or any derivates thereof when referring to me a living soul one of we the people) all other contracts, agreements and my signatures on any document, contract or agreement that was created without full disclosure, fair consideration and my consent that i did not create myself are rescinded, revoked, removed, canceled, non fecit, made null and void by this notice. you the respondents have left me no other choice but to issue you this verified non-negotiable actual and constructive notice of waiver of tort presented by declaration of me denial of corporate status in the nature of texas rules of civil procedure 52 presented by declaration of me, me is not a corporation known as ralph k. evans or ralph kenneth evans and or ralph evans or any derivates thereof.   any use of the names ralph k. evans or ralph kenneth evans and or ralph evans or any derivates thereof when referring to me by any and all parties will be commercial fraud, criminal trespass, against me and violation of my substantive rights.   1. declaring i, me, am he a living soul; and, 2. whereas, service upon the principal is service upon the agent and service upon the agent is service upon the principal; all necessary parties, including but not limited to all respondents and all parties associated with any respondent, are hereby provided notice and opportunity; and, 3. whereas, any named respondent is responsible, and potentially personally liable, for the conduct of alleged associates when referring to me as ralph k. evans or ralph kenneth evans and or ralph evans or any derivates thereof especially since ultra vires activity can result in dissolution of the charter pursuant to quo warranto; and, 4. whereas, once due process is denied all jurisdiction ceases (see your law: 5 usc sections 556(d), 557, 706 wherefore any alleged jurisdiction has already been voided by the various denials of due process witnessed, documented, and evidenced as i have suffered a litany of abuse in different matters; and, 5. whereas, officials and even judges have no immunity (see your own courts ruling: owen vs city of independence, 100 s ct. 1398; maine vs thiboutot, 100 s. ct. 2502; and hafer vs melo, 502 u.s. 21; officials and judges are deemed to know the law and sworn to uphold the law; officials and judges cannot claim to act in good faith in willful deprivation of law, they certainly cannot plead ignorance of the law, even the citizen cannot plead ignorance of the law, the courts have ruled there is no such thing as ignorance of the law, it is ludicrous for learned officials and judges to plead ignorance of the law therefore there is no immunity, judicial or otherwise, in matters of rights secured by the constitution for the united states of america (see yor law: title 42 usc secgion 1983); and, 6. whereas, the respondents have subjected me to unreasonable and unlawful capias warrants of arrest, absent a breach of the peace in the past; wherefore based upon past experience, i can expect to be maliciously arrested with a capias warrant again and be abused by an international tyranny, perhaps even murdered; and,  7. whereas, i cannot be lawfully arrested repeatedly on the same matter nor can i be lawfully arrested for failure to appear absent a properly established contract to appear in an administrative procedure or hearing, especially since the system is voluntary; and i have not volunteered to be abused by the respondents or their extortion system, and any further harassment, arrest and abuse based on matters from the past, or even future unreasonable warrantless arrests absent a breach of the peace, by grand jury indictment certified by law (county court), will be torts executed by specific intent as a matter of unlawful custom and policy, under color of law, as religious persecution; and, 8. whereas, i, me have the right to remain silent and secure my private property, including but not limited to my address, my fingerprints, as supported by:   a. the federal public contract, the first article in the 1791 amendments to the constitution for the united states of america which secures the right to free speech and simultaneously the right to not speak and the right to a republic form of government.  b. the federal public contract, the fifth article in the 1791 amendments to the constitution for the united states of america, which secures the right whereby i cannot be compelled to be a witness against myself. c. the federal public contract, the mandatory miranda warning itself, in the very first line makes it plain and clear that i have the right to remain silent.  d. your own court the supreme court of the united states of america has already determined in the landmark case of brown vs texas, 443 u.s. 47 (1979) that even an individual in a high drug trafficking area who looked suspicious and who refused to produce identification could not lawfully be stopped and questioned.  e. the federal public contract, the constitution being the supreme law, as well as the ruling of the supreme court of the united states of america. f. 28 usc section 2072 (b), as applied to the state through the 14th amendment and further supported by article 1 section 19, 29 and article 3 section 62 of the public contract the 1876 texas constitution, provides that the rules cannot abridge my substantive rights and indeed it is not harmless error to deprive me of substantive rights.  9. my rights cannot lawfully be converted to privileges over my objection and against my will in order to be licensed, taxed, and regulated. i cannot be compelled to be licensed, taxed or regulated, by your compelling me to violated my religious beliefs, training and the commandment, of my father who art in heaven recorded in his holy word ex0dus 23: 32 , ii cor. 6: 14-18 and rev. 18: 4 and support by an act of the congress of the united states by public law 97-280.  10. whereas, i hereby give notice of waiver of tort in favor of an implied contract wherefore the respondents and all others notified are provided with plain and clear notice that any violation of my substantive, unalienable, perfect rights will be taken very seriously, whereby said violation will be acceptance of the contract herein offered for the sum certain one million (1,000,000.00) dollars lawful money of the united states of america, of silver specie per right, per day, with no bulk discounts for wholesale violation of my rights. my rights are actually priceless to me. however i am forced to put this matter in plain and clear terms in order for the torteasors, the non-feasance to understand their liability so we do not have to endure whining and crying about the bill; you know what it will cost in advance if you; 1.] arrest this man, living, soul me. 2. ] attempt to compel me, the living soul, to appear before any administrative tribunal 3.] harass in any manner this man, living soul, me. 4.] any mail sent , send any document, or hand any presentment to me that is adverse to me or my rights by any person without my prior knowledge and consent will be a violation of this contract/agreement and all penalties stated herein will be in full force and effect, and due and payable.  therefore govern your selves accordingly and,  11. whereas, some might be inclined to say the monetary sum is excessive and that a jury might not award such an amount. however, the respondents and their agents have the choice to violate the law the public contract or not to violate the law public contract and by means of this document the terms and conditions are made plain and clear wherefore it will be a very simple contract matter in the event of tort; and,  12. whereas, the respondents and agents acting ultra vires, under color of law and color of office, have in the past acted in collusion to summarily place my body in a debtors prison by specific intent knowing that i would be damaged and stigmatized for life by means of mental trauma; and,  13. whereas, if the man, me, is assaulted by agents of the so-called police or any other commercial agent of any state, county, or city who are armed with weapons of war touches my flesh without my permission, i reserve the right to seek compensation as per the terms and conditions of this waiver of tort presented above and/or for triple damages pursuant to your law the rico statutes, 18 usc section 1961 et seq. furthermore, failure of the respondents to obey the law will have legal consequences of an extremely serious nature.  caveat  14. i me, stand for justice, decency, and the correct execution of the law, gods law. i pray that our public servants will be granted sufficient wisdom to actually be public servants.  15. i me, am not an expert in law however i do know right from wrong. if there is any human being damaged by any statements herein, if he will inform me by facts i will sincerely make every effort to amend my ways. i hereby and herein reserve the right to amend and make amendment to this document as necessary in order that the truth may be ascertained and proceeding justly determined. if the parties have information that will controvert and overcome this declaration, since this is a commercial matter, please advise me in written declaration/affidavit form within the regulation z time three (3) days from receipt hereof, providing me with your counter declaration/affidavit, proving with particularity by stating all requisite actual evidentiary fact and all requisite actual law, and not merely the ultimate facts of conclusions of law that this affidavit by declaration is substantially and materially false sufficiently to change materially my status and factual declaration. your silence stands as consent to, and tacit approval of, the factual declarations here being established as fact as a matter of law.   the undersigned me, secured party, holder in due course of original does herewith declare, state and say that secured party, me, issues this verified non-negotiable actual and constructive notice of waiver of tort, denial of corporate status in the nature of texas rules of civil procedure 52 presented by declaration of me, me is not a corporation known as ralph k. evans or ralph kenneth evans and or ralph evans or any derivates thereof. presented by declaration of me with sincere intent, that secured party is competent to state the matters set forth herein, that the contents are true, correct, complete, and certain, admissible as evidence, and reasonable and just to the best of secured partys knowledge and if testifying will so state..  non-negotiable  addressee ralph-kenneth, evans by me, holder in due course secured party  per me, secured party, holder in due course of address, ralph-kenneth, evans, in the matter of the corporate fiction ralph k. evans or ralph kenneth evans and or ralph evans or any derivates thereof my common law copyright recorded in the county of dallas, texas public records (this is not a name, but my absolute private property) 330 u.s. 258 states that a sovereign is not a person, and cjs, vol. 65, sec. 1, pg 1 states that "a name is word or words used to distinguish and identify a person." and, non-resident certificate of birth as recorded in the census records of the county of pickens, georgia state aug. 30, 1938 as a loan for recording of census only and un-returned being either lost or stolen. me holder in due course of employer identification number 260-54-8516 (per security agreement and filed ucc-1 texas secretary of state file 99-112464 ) and holder in due course of the preferred stock of the corporation of the united states february 21, 1871 16 stat. l. 419 (jure divino, jure imperii, jure gestionis) accept for value all endorsements front and back on all documents and presentments ( in accord with ucc3-419) in accord with house joint resolution 192, (brought privately by ucc 10-104 section 2 ) public policy supersedes all statutes, codes and rules notwithstanding. the organic contract, law constitution and (the common law) supersedes public policy, all statutes, codes and rules notwithstanding.  declaring pursuant to united states law title 28 section 1742 (1) this xxxxx day of tenth month two thousand one   ralph kenneth, evans by holder in due course me secured party.  jurat state of texas county of dallas ss  on this xxxxx day of the tenth month in the year of our lord and savior, two thousand one. appeared before me this day, a man addressed as ralph kenneth evans a man known to me to be the man described herein and not the corporate fiction known as ralph k. evans or ralph kenneth evans and or ralph evans or any derivates thereof. whom executed the foregoing document/instrument verified non-negotiable actual and constructive notice of waiver of tort, denial of corporate status in the nature of texas rules of civil procedure 52 presented by declaration and acknowledged that he executed the same pursuant to the laws of the united states title 28 section 1746 (1) as his free act and deed.     notary public seal:     demand for copy of license for all attorneys and judges october 6, 2001   verified non-negotiable actual demand for production and discovery for certified copy of license for all attorneys and judges to practice law in any matter past or present pertaining to me one of the people of texas a living soul addressed as ralph kenneth evans all responses to this demand for production and discovery shall be by oath signed under the pains and penalty of perjury.  republic and one of the several states of america united: texas county: dallas  to: secretary of state and the governor of the state of texas and the county commissioners and county judge for the county of dallas, texas all attorneys and judges.   this is a verified non-negotiable actual demand for production and discovery for certified copy of license for all attorneys and all judges to practice law in any matter past or present pertaining to me one of the people of texas a living soul addressed as ralph kenneth evans all responses to this demand for production and discovery shall be by oath signed under the pains and penalty of perjury.  my address by my mark is as signed and certified by the notary public seal upon this verified non-negotiable actual demand for production and discovery for certified copy of license for all attorneys and all judges to practice law in any matter past or present pertaining to me one of the people of texas a living soul addressed as ralph kenneth evans all responses to this demand for production and discovery shall be by oath signed under the pains and penalty of perjury.  1. i am a living soul born on the soil, endowed with unalienable rights to life, liberty and property, and my rights are secured by the 1787 constitution of we the people for the de jure united states of america, and the constitution of the de jure state of texas and republic. 2. i am a citizen of one of the several states united, under a de jure republican form of government. 3. my abode and dwelling is geographically located on the soil of texas. 4. i declare this is a demand for production of a certified copy of licensed of all attorneys and judges past or present in all matters pertaining to me one of the people living soul ralph-kenneth evans. 5. i declare this is a demand for production of a certified copy of licensed of all commercial agents involved in this matter. 6. i declare this is a demand for production for delegation of the authority by the texas constitution of said court and the said judge in said court, the alleged indictment has been return in. 7. i declare this is a demand for production of the nature and cause of said alleged indictment. 8. i declare this is a demand for production of the constitutional authority for the alleged indictment. 9. i declare this is a demand to know if this secret alleged indictments pertains to claim number bno; 01061278 and the taking of seven days of my liberty using hold number 90145524-r if so, 10. i declare this is violation of art 1 sec. 14 double jeopardy clause of the texas constitution. 11. i demand to know why the clerk of dallas county has refused to return the un-required and unused bond money belonging to chester gunterman in the matter of bno; 01061278 claim number. 12. i demand to know why any sane person would have reason to believe that the alleged indictment was not an indictment of the crime victim me, seeing how i was unlawfully taken (kidnapped) held for seven days and blacked mailed for the return of private property american gold coins and to this day the foreign gold coins have not been returned. 13. i demand to know if the cause of said indictment is not the cover-up of common law crimes against me, the kidnapping, false imprisonment and theft of the foreign gold coins and old timer pocket knife.  the answer to this verified non-negotiable actual demand for production and discovery for certified copy of license for all attorneys and judges to practice law in any matter past or present pertaining to me one of the people of texas a living soul addressed as ralph kenneth evans all responses to this demand for production and discovery shall be by oath signed under the pains and penalty of perjury must be returned within twenty days with the attached alleged indictment to me.  c/o: notary public 4222 rosehill road number 10 garland, texas [75043]  signed this xxxxx day of october, two-thousand, one, a. d by:  my mark addressee   verification state of texas county of dallas ss  on this xxxxx day of the tenth month in the year of our lord and savior, two thousand one. appeared before me this day, a man addressed as ralph kenneth evans a man known to me whom executed this foregoing document/instrument as verified by me.    notary public seal:   


verified criminal complaintoctober 10, 2001commerce operates in truth; demand for truth is made of all parties for full disclosure.verified criminal complaint by declaration in the nature of an affidavit of truth in commerce for violation of law and rights presented by me, addressee, the under  signed, one of we the people of the several united states   republic and one of the  several united states ss of america, texas   county of dallas   respondents: the sheriff, coroner, county commissioners and judge for the county of dallas, governor perry, the secretary of state, the texas legislators for the state of texas, the house and senate for the united states, the solicitor general for the united states of america, the state and federal supreme courts and the admiral of the navy of the united state of america.   in the matter of we the peoples life, liberty, property, and pursuit of happiness, and the peoples divine right to trial by jury by law, to secure our right of due process, the original jurisdiction common law in the peoples supreme court mandate by the constitution for the state of texas (herein after cfst) and the document untitled but commonly referred to as constitution of the united states of america as ratified in 1789 and amended in 1791 (herein after cfus).   i, me, the undersigned, one of we the people, sovereigns, natural born living souls, the posterity, born upon the land in the one of several counties within the one of the several states united of america, creditor, claimant, and secured party, hereinafter 'secured party, i, me', do hereby solemnly declare, say, and state: 1. i, me, the secured party am competent to state the matters set forth herewith.  2. i, me, the secured party have personal knowledge of the facts stated herein. 3. all the facts stated herein are true, correct, complete, and not misleading, admissible as evidence, and if testifying, i, me, secured party shall so state.  plain statement of facts.  a matter must be expressed to be resolved. in commerce truth is sovereign. truth is expressed in the form of an affidavit. an unrebutted affidavit stands as truth in commerce. an unrebutted affidavit becomes the judgment in commerce  an affidavit of truth, under commercial law, can only be satisfied: by a rebuttal affidavit of truth, by payment, by agreement, by resolution by a jury according to the rules of common law this document is in commerce.  i, me, secured party the undersigned am expressing truth by this verified criminal complaint by declaration in the nature of an affidavit of truth in commerce for violations of the cfst and the cfus, the sherman act, the clayton act, the hobbs act, and the rico act and the rights of the people by acts of terrorism by commercial agents of the state and the united states.   whereas, the public record is the highest form of evidence, i, me, secured party am hereby timely creating public record with this criminal complaint by declaration in the nature of an affidavit of truth in commerce presented by me, addressee, the undersigned, one of the we the people of the several united states and criminal complaint for violation of my rights and the peoples, for violations of the laws of texas and the united states the texas and usa constitution contracts and acts of terrorism by commercial agents acting under the color of law.  1. fact: this is a criminal complaint by declaration by me addressee, the undersigned secured party and for the following: 2. fact: the county courts of record have been closed in violation of the art. 1 sec. 13 of the cfst.  3. fact: the county judges and the county commissions have vacated their constitutional offices. 4. fact: the governor and senate have failed to appoint replacements for the county judges and the county commissions as required by law art 4 sec. 12 (a), (b) and (g). 5. fact: the governor, the legislators, the county commissioners and judges have closed our, we the peoples county court of record mandated by art 5 sec. 15 in violation of law art 1 sec.13 of the cfst. 6. fact: the governor, the legislators, in collusion with the county commissioners and judges have created a special elite commercial group known as the texas bar association unlicensed and unregulated and turned the courts over to them in violation of art. 1 sec. 3 and 26 of the cfst. 7. fact: the unregulated and un-license agents of this commercial association have use their association card (bar card) to close the doors of justice to the people and reign terror upon the people. 8. fact: the people are turning to crime to vent their frustrations for the denial of due process and trial by jury by law and for the taking of their life, liberty and property by the agents of this terrorist criminal racketeering cartel 9. fact: this terrorist criminal racketeering cartel have created an army of armed minions and turned them loose impersonating law enforcement officials using fraudulent commercial papers and fraudulent commercial process to prey upon the people and to drag the people into their courts and take from the people their life, liberty, property and murder the people in their commercial death chambers for the agents and minions own self enrichment.  10. fact: this terrorist criminal racketeering cartel is totally ignoring and perverting the codes, rules, statues, regulations, public policy and the laws of the state of texas and the laws of the united states and treaties for their own self-enrichment. 11. fact: the agents of this terrorist criminal racketeering cartel are left free and unabated to commit their extortion terrorist acts only because the peoples county court of record has been closed leaving the people absent the right for redress by the due course of the law of the land in violation of the 'bill of rights' of the cfst.  12. fact: the county commissioners and judge for the county of dallas, the governors bush and now perry, the texas legislators, the house and senate for the united states, the solicitor general for the united states of america, the state and federal supreme courts even the commander of the navy have been notified of the fact that the agents of this terrorist criminal racketeering cartel are operating notorious, openly, unabated in the counties of texas and we the people and our rights are being violated regularly and on going. we have been totally ignore by the official of our government both state and federal and our officials have refused to open our county courts of record as mandated by law art 1 sec. 13 and art 5 sec. 15 of the cfst, leaving we the people of texas prey and without remedy by law to the extortion of these agents of this terrorist criminal racketeering organization for their own self-enrichment in violation of art. 1 sec. 13 of the cfst.  13. fact: the privileges of citizenship is dependent upon upholding the constitution as follow, the constitution of the republic of texas march 17, 1836 general provisions sec. 6. [(all free white persons) this part amended by art. 1 sec.3a nov. 7, 1972] who shall emigrate to this republic, and who shall, after a residence of six months, make oath before some competent authority that he intends to reside permanently in the same, and shall swear to support this constitution, and that he will bear true allegiance to the [ (republic of texas,) amended by the 1845 constitution to a state] shall be entitled to all the privileges of citizenship. (has never been amended, declared void, repealed, altered, or expire by their own limitation) and is in full force and effect. 14. fact: the county commissioners and judge for the county of dallas, the governors bush and now perry, the texas legislators, have forfeited their privileges of citizenship along with the agents and their minions of the bar association for their refusal and failure to uphold the cfst. 15. fact: the county commissioners aided and abetted by agents of the terrorist criminal racketeering carte, the governor and the texas legislators have without authority by law created county criminal courts and county courts at law presided over by agents of the criminal cartel usurping the authority of the cfst art. 15 sec. 27 and the peoples rights. 16. fact: the county criminal courts and county courts at law are courts created outside the law the cfst making them outlaw courts without authority. all deeds, acts, judgments are outlaw deeds, acts, judgment and criminal in nature. therefore any liberty or property taken of the people by these courts is a taking outside the law and is a criminal act. any life taken of the people by the county criminal court is a life taken outside the law and is murder.  17. fact: the county criminal courts and county courts at law are courts created outside the law the cfst in violation of art 5 sec. 15, 16 17 and 27 by acts of sedition to overthrow our constitution and our 'bill of rights' including but not limited to art. 1 sec. 15, 19 and 29 and art. 3 sec. 62, cfst.  'government code chapter 557. sedition, sabotage, and communism subchapter a. sedition section 557.001. sedition  (a) a person commits an offense if the person knowingly:  (1) commits, attempts to commit, or conspires with one or more persons to commit an act intended to overthrow, destroy, or alter the constitutional form of government of this state or of any political subdivision of this state by force or violence;  (2) under circumstances that constitute a clear and present danger to the security of this state or a political subdivision of this state, advocates, advises, or teaches or conspires with one or more persons to advocate, advise, or teach a person to commit or attempt to commit an act described in subdivision (1); or (3) participates, with knowledge of the nature of the organization, in the management of an organization that engages in or attempts to engage in an act intended to overthrow, destroy, or alter the constitutional form of government of this state or of any political subdivision of this state by force or violence. (b) an offense under this section is a felony punishable by:  (1) a fine not to exceed ,000;  (2) confinement in the institutional division of the texas department of criminal justice for a term of not less than one year or more than 20 years; or (3).both fine and imprisonment.  (c) a person convicted of an offense under this section may not receive probation under article 42.12, code of criminal procedure.' 18. fact: the county criminal courts and county courts at law presided over by agents of the criminal racketeering cartel usurping the authority of the cfst are state courts created by the texas legislators and approved by the governor impersonating county courts using deceptive trade practices for failure for full disclosure, used for the taking the peoples life, liberty and property for their own self-enrichment in violation of the laws of texas and the united states of america.  relief demand by we the people  we the people demand our court of record be immediately open.  all indictments returned in the district court against the people civil or criminal must conform to art. 5 sec.13 cfst and have the attorneys licensed attached and state the nature and cause and be certified by law.  no trials of the people in any other court not authorized by the cfst.  we the people demand full disclosure from all state employees and officers.  we the people demand that the officers of the state of texas return to a republican form of government immediately.  we the people demand the right to trial by jury by law and mandated by the cfst.  we the people demand trial by jury by common law in any matter of our liberty.  immediately abolish the use of all adhesive contracts and the unlawful taking of the peoples life, liberty and property using the color of law by un-licensed commercial agents for their own self enrichment.  i, me, undersigned secured party, am not an expert in the law however i do know right from wrong. if there is any human being that is being unjustly damaged by any statements herein, if he/she will inform me by facts, i will sincerely make every effort to amend my ways. i hereby and herein reserve the right to amend and make amendment to this document as necessary in order that the truth may be ascertained and proceeding justly determined. if any agent of the cartel has information that will controvert and overcome this declaration, since this is a commercial matter, please advise me in written by declaration/affidavit form within twenty-one (21) days from receipt hereof, providing me with your counter declaration/affidavit, proving with particularity by stating all requisite actual evidentiary fact and all requisite actual law, and not merely the ultimate facts of conclusions of law that this affidavit by declaration is substantially and materially false sufficiently to change materially my status and factual declaration stated herein. your silence stands as consent to, and tacit approval of, the factual declarations here being established as fact as a matter of law and this affidavit by declaration will stand as final judgment in this matter.  the undersigned, i, me, the secured party, holder in due course of original jurisdiction do herewith declare, state and say that i, secured party, issue this verified criminal complaint by declaration in the nature of an affidavit of truth in commerce with sincere intent in truth, that i, me, the undersigned secured party am competent to state the matters set forth herein, that the contents are true, correct, complete, and certain, admissible as evidence, and reasonable and just to the best of my knowledge, by me, undersigned addressee whether one of we the people.  notice to the agent is notice to the principal applies to this notice.  notice to the principal is notice to the agent applies to this notice.   notice to the governor and secretary of state for the state of texas, is notice to all agents of the state of texas, the united states and the united states of america.  executed pursuant to title 28 u.s.c.a. 1746 (1) and the seventh amendment to the federal constitution this xxxxx day of october, two thousand-one.  i, me the undersigned explicitly reserve all of my rights including but not limited to art 1 cfst.  addressees signature, holder in due course, one of the secured parties, qualified justices for the court of record as mandated by art 5 sec.15 and 16 of the cfst and art. 1 sec. 8 cl. 9 of the cfus.  signed by twelve (12   state of texas   county of dallas   this instrument, verified criminal complaint by declaration in the nature of an affidavit of truth was acknowledged before me, a notary public in and for the state of texas, by each of the above signors, on this xxxxx day of the xxx month in the year of our lord and savior, jesus christ two thousand-one a. d.   name: seal: notary public appointed as presiding magistrate as mandated by art. 1 sec. 29 and art 5 sec.16 of the cfst.  one of the damage parties xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx october xxxxx 2001 one of the people common law crime victim, damaged regularly and on going by un-licensed commercial agents impersonating law enforcement officers in the county of dallas, texas one of the several states.   notice to the agent is notice to the principal applies to the mailing of this document of damages to we the people by un-licensed commercial agents, verified criminal complaint, to the office for the governor, p.o. box 12428 of the state of texas seat of government, city of austin, texas 78711-2428 (and secretary of state by electronic mail) by first class mail this xxxxx day of xxxxx in the year 2001 a.d. all parties now have notice.   by addressee   this document is intended to be sufficient to comply with the requirement for enforcement under international treaty law, per right of the principals the secured parties, holder in due course of the treaties, the people of the state of texas.        order of finding of facts and collusion of law october 10, 2001   order of finding of facts and collusion of law  we the people of the county of dallas, texas the undersigned juries sitting as justices of the one supreme court of record under the laws of the peoples constitution for the state of texas as mandated by article 5 section 15, 16 and 17 of said constitution and we the peoples constitution for the united states in america article i section 8 clause 9 of said constitution.  we the under signed justices being lawfully convened for the county of dallas, texas court of record having reviewed the facts as filed by declaration in the county of dallas, texas record and after hearing the witnesses and after seeing the evidence. we the justices of the court of record for the county of dallas, texas state and republic find for the people of the county of dallas the following.   1. fact: many verified criminal complaints by declarations have been filed in the county records for the county of dallas, texas and a copies were transmitted to the house, senate, secretary of state and both governors bush and perry for the state of texas under the law of the state and republic of texas and the laws for the united states of america pursuant to both constitutions. 2. fact: john t. adams, clerk, speaking for the supreme court of texas (texas being incorporated by joint resolution of the congress for the united states in 1845) in a letter dated june 2, 2000, admits that the corporate supreme court of texas has closed the county of dallas court of record by opinion (the supreme court of the people of the county of dallas, texas) mandated by art. 5, section 15 in violation of art.1, section 13 of the contract, the constitution for the state of texas (herein after cfst) thereby suspending the 'bill of rights' of the people of the county of dallas, and of texas. 3. fact: the commissioners has failed to set the time of the court of record for the county of dallas, texas as required by law. the county judge has failed to convene the said court as required by law. the sheriff has failed to convene the said court as required by law. the constable has failed to convene the said court as required by law. the governors mr. bush and mr. perry has failed to appoint a judge from among we the people to convene the said court as required by law. the texas legislators have failed to maintain the said courts purity and efficiency as required by law.  4. fact: there is a un-licensed commercial closed shop monopoly criminal terrorist cartel created in texas called the texas bar association, a subsidiary corporation of the american bar association having agents with titles of nobility of esquire which are operating in commercial fraud in violation of the sherman act, the clayton act, the hobbs act, and the rico act, and art. 1, section 26, in treason against the peoples contract, the cfst and article 1, section 8, cl. 9, of we the peoples contract, the constitution for the united states in america, (herein after cfus). 5. fact: the un-licensed criminal terrorist cartel's in collusion with the above mention officials are using fraudulent commercial process and fraudulent commercial paper issued out of their un-constitutional courts to circumvent the due process of grand jury indictment requirement, in the unlawful taking of the peoples life, liberty and property even after ruling by the trial court and the united states court of appeals fifth circuit ruled 'we affirm the trial courts findings that the dallas county system of issuing misdemeanor capias violated both texas law and the united states constitution.'  6. fact: even after the federal courts ruling in support of the trial court the agents of the un-licensed criminal terrorist cartel's in collusion with the above mention officials have continued unabated using unlawful commercial process and fraudulent commercial paper issued out of their un-constitutional courts in taking the peoples property and liberty for their own self enrichment.  7. fact: the agents of the un-licensed criminal terrorist cartel's (herein after cartel) in collusion with the above mention officials continued use of the fraudulent commercial process and fraudulent commercial paper after the courts ruling makes them repetitive offenders and the courts have ruled that repetitive offenders are criminally insane.  8. fact: the peoples right to trial by jury by original jurisdiction common law as preserved by the 6th and 7th amendment to cfus and art. 1, section 19, and 29 of the cfst, in our one supreme court, art 5 section 15 has been suspended by the agents of the un-licensed criminal terrorist cartel's in collusion with the above mention officials.  9. fact: right of the people of the county of dallas for trial by jury by law the law of the land of texas, original jurisdiction common law in our one supreme court, has been suspended in violation of the contract, the cfst and the only courts left open in texas are presided over by bar card attorneys that hold titles of nobility - esquire, and administer corporate statutory law, impersonating county courts of record disfranchising we the people from our law and our 'bills of rights'. 10. fact: the peoples texas 'bill of rights' has been suspended in violation of the contracts, the cfst, and the cfus, by the agents of the un-licensed cartel in collusion with the above mention officials.  11. fact: the states legislative branch agents and the executive branch agents in collusion with the agents of the judicial branch, the supreme court of texas, and the cartel are operating in commercial fraud in violation of art.3, section 62, of the peoples contract, the cfst. 12. fact: the cartel members do not have a license to practice law in the state of texas, issued by the state of texas. they have a bar membership card issued by the clerk of the corporate supreme court of this state, with the consent of the legislative branch and the executive branch and are falsely claiming their bar card is a license issued by the state of texas to practice law in the state of texas and are in violation of the texas penal code sec 38.122 and 38.123 and are taking the peoples life liberty and property for their own self enrichment. 13. fact: the agents of the states legislative branch and the executive branch in collusion with the agents of the judicial branch's corporate supreme court of texas have given the statutory commercial courts of the state and county, and the cartel, the right to take the peoples life, liberty, property and pursuit of happiness in violation of art. 1, section 19 & 29 of the contract, the 'bill of rights' of the cfst under the color of corporate commercial law for enrichment of themselves. 14. fact: whereas the 1836 texas constitution and preserved by the 1845 and 1876 constitution adopted the original jurisdiction common law as the law of the land and all criminal trials must be by original jurisdiction common law as mandated by the texas constitution and has never been suspended, repealed or amended, preserved forever inviolate. see article 5, section 13 1836 constitution for texas. 'the congress shall, as early as practicable, introduce, by statute, the common law of england, with such modifications as our circumstances, in their judgment, may require; and in all criminal cases, the (original jurisdiction) common law shall be the rule of decision'. 15. fact: the cartel is operating in collusion with the officials of this state of texas, counties, and cities in a criminal conspiracy in closing the peoples one supreme court, the county courts of record which is in violation of art.1, section 13 of the contract, the cfst, which mandates that the court shall always be open, and in violation of their official pledge by oath of office. the officials in collusion with the cartel are using force of arms against we the people for taking by extortion the peoples life, liberty, property and pursuit of happiness. the officials and agents of the cartel are doing irreparable damages to us, we the people, by unconscionable contract in fraudem legis by act of dolus malus. restitution must issue accordingly.  16. fact: the cartel is violating their own international private law and treaties made by the american bar association with the u. n. and treaties made or purposed under the authority of the united states under the cfus, article vi, paragraph 2, not limited to, the u.n. charter, the u.n. convention of human rights, the genocide treaty, the convention concerning forced or compulsory labour 28 june 1930 as modified by the final article revision convention 1946, the league of nations convention to suppress the slave trade and slavery of 26 september 1925 with the protocols amending the slavery convention, 7 december 1953, and with the supplementary convention on the abolition of slavery, the slave trade, and institutions and practices similar to slavery, 7 september 1956, and the 13th amendment to the cfus that prohibits their commercial debtors prisons. 17. fact: the cartel in collusion with the above mention officials know or should know that their activities are acts of high treason, high crimes and felonies against we the people, the laws of texas, the laws of the united states, the sherman act, the clayton act, the hobbs act, the rico act, our contracts, the constitutions, and the laws of nature and natures god. 18. fact: the cartel members in collusion with the above mention officials have knowingly or unknowingly forfeited their privilege to citizenship. the cartel in collusion with the above mention officials lacks power of attorney or authority by law to prosecute or defend any cause (civil or criminal) against any one of we the people. 19. fact: the agents sitting on the benches in the courts upon our land lack authority by law to issue any order, decree or judgment (either civil or criminal) that involves any one of we the people. all of this states legislative acts and executive administrative acts done in collusion with these agents of the cartel are null and void and without the authority of law.  20. fact: the cartel in collusion with the above mention officials does not have our consent or assent to take our life, liberty, property and pursuit of happiness, throw us into their commercial prisons, to murder us in their commercial death chambers, violate our divine rights and to deny us trial by jury by original jurisdiction law, for the enrichment for themselves and their creators, in a criminal conspiracy against we the people. 21. fact: the agents of this cartel in collusion with the above mention officials have failed to give, we the people full disclosure and have denied us redress by constitutional due process and access to the courts of justice.  22. fact: the governors bush and now parry has failed to appoint a judge from among the people to convene the court as mandated by law. 23. fact: the governors in collusion with the above mention officials, may have believed they were acting honestly and in good faith and may have been deceived by the agents of the cartel for whom they looked for guidance. 24. fact: after the receipt of this finding of facts and collusion of law by we the people the continuous refusal of the governors and the above mention officials to uphold the law will not have a good faith defense of being deceived by the cartel for the continuous common law criminal against the people. 25. fact: i ralph, evans declare the news media of the county of dallas including but not limited to the dallas morning news has aided and abetted in the criminal actively of the cartel for their failure and refusal to expose the truth to the people of the county after being noticed. 26. fact: the police of the municipal corporation have no arrest power of the people an 'individual' in the state of texas, any arrest violates state and federal law and both constitution.  27. fact: the police courts of the municipal corporation have no arrest power of the people an 'individual' in the state of texas, any arrest violates state and federal law and both constitution.  28. fact: the police of the municipal corporation have no arrest power of the people an 'individual' in the state of texas, any arrest violates state and federal law and both constitution.  29. fact: the justice of peace courts have no arrest power of the people an 'individual' in the state of texas, any arrest violates state and federal law and both constitution.   we the undersigned justices sitting as the one supreme court in and for the people of the county of dallas, texas order, decree and adjudge that this order of finding and collusion of law be immediately transmitted to the governor and the secretary of state for the immediate presentment to the texas house and senate for action in stopping the criminal actively in the county of dallas, texas by the agents of the cartel and their minions.  executed pursuant to title 28 u.s.c.a. 1746 (1) and the seventh amendment to the federal constitution. i, me the undersigned explicitly reserve all of my rights including but not limited to art 1 cfst.  addressees signature, holder in due course, one of the secured parties, qualified justices for the court of record as mandated by art 5 sec.15 and 16 of the cfst and art. 1 sec. 8 cl. 9 of the cfus.  this ninth day of october in the year of two thousand and one in the county of dallas the state and republic of texas.   signed by twelve (12) jurist sitting as a justice of the one supreme court.       state of texas   county of dallas   this instrument, verified criminal complaint by declaration in the nature of an affidavit of truth was acknowledged before me, a notary public in and for the state of texas, by each of the above signors, on this xxxxx day of the xxxxx month in the year of our lord and savior, jesus christ two thousand-one a. d.   name: seal: notary public appointed as presiding magistrate as mandated by art. 1 sec. 29 and art 5 sec.16 of the cfst.    one of the damage parties xxxxxxxxxx october xxxxx 2001 one of the people common law crime victim, damaged regularly and on going by un-licensed commercial agents impersonating law enforcement officers in the county of dallas, texas one of the several states.   notice to the agent is notice to the principal applies to the transmission of this document of damages to we the people by un-licensed commercial agents, verified criminal complaint, to the office for the governor, p.o. box 12428 of the state of texas seat of government, city of austin, texas 78711-2428 (and secretary of state by electronic mail) this xxxxx day of xxxxx in the year 2001 a.d. all parties now have notice.   by addressee   this document is intended to be sufficient to comply with the requirement for enforcement under international treaty law, per right of the principals the secured parties, holder in due course of the treaties, the people of the state of texas.      affidavit of truth to expose the intent to kidnap  october 11, 2001  to: the governor for the state of texas, the solicitor general for the united states and whom it may concern;  affidavit of truth to expose the intent to kidnap me under color of law in- violation of the laws of texas and the united states constitution to cover up the previous common law crimes of kidnapping and theft of private property being gold coins.  i, ralph-kenneth evans, a living, breathing man and sovereign under god, and i am not the person as described as a corporation known as ralph kenneth evans hereby declare that the following statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.  l. that this affidavit, being executed pursuant to title 28 of the united states code section 1746 (1) and pursuant james 5: 12 of gods word the bible and is forbidden to be considered a plea of any nature, in civil, maritime, admiralty, or corporate jurisdictions, but must be accepted by all official courts as truth, or rebutted point by point by sworn affidavit to overcome the validity of this affidavit.  2. corporations are legal fictions, and are separate entities from natural man, and such corporations or partnerships receive their personalities from the law, or from the state, and are considered juridical entities by law, and are distinct from their members. i, as a living being, received my personality from the living god, and deny any knowing or willful submission to corporate or any other fictitious jurisdiction.  3. any rebuttal of this affidavit must include, and overcome, my sovereign status and rights guaranteed by the constitution for the state texas 'bill of rights' only and the constitution for the united states of america, and its amendments i through xi only.  4. any rebuttal of this affidavit must include constitutional authority for its conversion from intended purpose, or such conversion will be considered a felonious act and prosecuted accordingly.  5. this said, i hereby deny the existence of the corporation called united states, and all of its subdivisions of states, counties, parishes, cities, towns, burgs, municipally or entities of other names; and all representatives, officers, agents, employees, contractors, and others, however remotely connected to, or associated with these corporations, foreign or domestic; and all bar associations, their members, agents, employees, representatives, any and all others connected to these bar associations, and all other corporations, private and public, to include all corporate persons and also deny the corporate body of ralph kenneth evans exist and declare that it exist as only my copyright private property which has been removed from commerce.  6. i declare that i am the holder in due course of the title to the property known as ralph kenneth evans any use of said property will be per the terms and condition of contract as recorded in the public records of the county of dallas for any use of it, the required posted bond will have to be forfeited to me the holder in due course of said property.  7. i declare that there has been an unlawful capias for writ of body attachment issued for it by the state of texas admiralty maritime court located in the county of dallas.  8. i declare the capias has been issued for it, in violation of the laws of texas and the constitution for the united states by the judge of said court.   9. i declare that the trial court and the united states court of appeals fifth circuit have ruled that the judge that signed the capias has violated the laws of texas and my rights see crane vs state of texas case number 83-1650; the united states court of appeals, fifth circuit ruled: 'we affirm the trial courts findings that the dallas county system of issuing misdemeanor capias violated both texas law and the united states constitution.'  10. i declare that the judge that signed said capias is now fired and must immediately remove himself from the bench for the violate of both texas law and the united states constitution.  11. i declare that any and all parties that act in collision with said judge in the execution of said capias is also fired for the violation of both texas law and the united states constitution.  12. i declare the capias was issued to cover up the common law crimes of kidnapping and theft of private property being gold coins by commercial agents of the corporation of rowlett and was issue for the intent to kidnap me again under color of law and bring me before the states admiralty maritime court so as to discredit me and my testimony.  13. i, declare the 'savings to suitors' clause of 28 usc 1331(1) enables maritime litigants to pursue available common law remedies, if they prefer them to those supplied in admiralty; it affords litigants choice of remedies, not forums. pacific far east line, inc v. ogden corp., (1977, nd cal) 425 f supp 1239.  14. i, declare a court of admiralty jurisdiction, could not, as court of equity, dispose of non maritime subjects for purpose of doing complete justice. the ciano (1945, dc pa) 63 f supp 892.  15. i declare suit was not limited to rights recognized by maritime law when savings clause was first adopted in 1789. panama r. co. v. vasquez (1926) 271 us 557; 70 l ed 1085, 46 s ct 596.  16. i, declare 'saving to suitors' clause in 28 usc 1333 has long been construed to afford litigant choice of remedies, not forums. crispin co. v. lykes bros. s.s. co. (1955, dc tex) 134 f supp 704.  17. i, declare generally the 'savings to suitors' clause means that a suitor asserting an in personam admiralty claim may elect to sue in a 'common law' state court through an ordinary civil action; however the state courts must apply the same substantive law as would be applied had the suit been instituted in admiralty in a federal court. shannon v. anchorage (1970, alaska) 478 p 2d 815.  18. i, declare whereas no one representing the state of texas has stepped forward to challenge the lawful status of me (which is a matter of public record) the state of texas and its actors have acquiesced to and accepted that lawful status. now i give notice of removal of the claim to the county court of record to be tried by the rules of common law.  19. i, declare denial of the trial of the criminal complaint filed by me in the county court of record for trial by common will be another violation of the law and my rights by the officials of the state of texas.  holder in due course me secured party.   jurat state of texas  county of dallas  on this xxxxx day of october two thousand one, a man known to me addressed as ralph kenneth evans appeared before me, a notary, and attested to the truth of this affidavit and executed per the terms stated herein and acknowledged that he executed the same as his free act and deed.    notary public seal: 4222 rosehill road # 10 garland, texas [75043]  i ralph, evans am the holder in due course of the original.     writ of habeas corpus october 19, 2001 the supreme court of texas post office box 12248 austin, texas 78711  in the matter of: admiralty maritime claim number m0145524e and  ralph kenneth evans and all derivatives thereof  petition for writ of habeas corpus and identity hearing pursuant to the constitution of the state of texas article 1 section 12 - habeas corpus the writ of habeas corpus is a writ of right, and shall never be suspended. the legislature shall enact laws to render the remedy speedy and effectual and petition for identity hearing under article 1 section 2, 3, 8, 9 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19,26, 27, 28,and 29. art. 3 sec. 62 (a) and art. 5 sec.1, 2, and 3 of the 1876 constitution of the state of texas as publish in the 2000 edition.   jurisdiction this court and its justices has jurisdiction have power to issue writs of habeas corpus. the court and its justices jurisdiction is herein invoked pursuant to substantive law, article 5 section 1, 2 and 3 of the 1876 constitution for the state of texas as published in the 2000 edition.  petition i, ralph kenneth evans (and herein after all derivatives thereof) petitioning for writ of habeas corpus and for identity hearing, i am stating that i ralph kenneth evans, petitioner am not an officer, employee or contracting party with the state of texas or the united states, that i am another and petition for this courts supervisor authority over the lower admiralty maritime state of texas county court and order the officers of the lower admiralty maritime state of texas court located in dallas county texas produce the papers showing i, ralph kenneth evans has been incorporated into a corporation called ralph kenneth evans (and herein after all derivatives thereof ) as allege in the admiralty maritime court records.. the state of texas record shows that the secretary of state of texas has no record of ralph kenneth evans being incorporated into a corporation by the name of ralph kenneth evans. the secretary of state of texas has no record of the corporation of ralph kenneth evans paying any corporate tax. i, ralph kenneth evans petitions for strict proof of ralph kenneth evans being incorporation per the admiralty maritime state of texas county court records. i, ralph kenneth evans have reason to believe and do believe that plaintiff and officers of the admiralty maritime court have and did falsified the records disfranchising me, ralph kenneth evans of my unalienable, immemorial prescriptive, rights and from article 1 section 1-29 of the 1836, 1845, and 1876 texas constitution in violation of the 1869 reconstruction act guaranteeing him the right to never be disfranchised of article 1 section 1 though 29 of the texas constitution. i, ralph kenneth evans petitions the justices of the texas supreme court for their supervisory authority over the officers of the lower admiralty maritime state court, order the plaintiff and the officers of the admiralty maritime state of texas court bring forth the contract that incorporated ralph kenneth evans or any other contract that would bring me, one of the people into the admiralty maritime courts venue and under its jurisdiction. i, ralph kenneth evans request a certified copy of the indictment showing this cause has been certified as required by law art.5 sec.17 of the 1876 constitution of the state of texas as published in the 2000 edition and a copy of the grand jurys verdict of indictment as required by law art.5 sec.13 of the 1876 constitution of the state of texas as published in the 2000 edition or any other lawful documents/papers giving the admiralty maritime state of texas court venue and jurisdiction of me, ralph kenneth evans.  in the event the plaintiff and the officers of the admiralty maritime state of texas court located in dallas county are unable to produce the corporation/indictment papers/documents that incorporated ralph kenneth evans into the corporation called ralph kenneth evans and/or the papers, documents showing i, ralph kenneth evans signed away my immemorial prescriptive rights and showing the amount of fair consideration for said signature. then i, ralph kenneth bring forth this petition as a counterclaim for rights violations, kidnapping, (inland piracy) arbitrary and capricious acts, libel, extortion, false and misrepresentation by dolus malus, taking of private property and gold coins, for use of fraudulent commercial papers, for use of fraudulent commercial process and trespass on title and copyright against the plaintiff and the officers of admiralty maritime state of texas county court. petition the justices of this supreme court, use its supervisory authority for an order of injunction against plaintiffs. further order the release of ralph kenneth evans and restore to me all of my immemorial prescriptive rights immediately and this cause be dismissed with prejudice and no tax to be assessed for a right all rights exempt from tax.  removal petition i, ralph kenneth evans petitions this court for its supervisory authority for removal of this matter to the county court of record for trial by jury by law for enforcement of money judgment for damages for rights violations for 100,000 dollars against plaintiff and the officers of the admiralty maritime state of texas court located in dallas county under article 1 section 29 art 5 sec 15 and 17 pursuant to their oat art 16 sec. 1 of the 1876 texas constitution and any and all other parties that this court finds liable. ralph kenneth evans and all derivatives thereof prays this cause be referred to the county of dallas attorney to be presented to the county court of record for indictments and prosecution for rights violations of me, ralph kenneth evans and for bringing me, ralph kenneth evans, before a military court by force of arms.   executed pursuant title 28 section 1746 (1) this nineteenth day of october two thousand one by me xxxxxxxxxxx and all derivatives thereof.  respectfully submitted,  by my mark: ralph kenneth evans  c/o notary public 4222 rosehill road # 10 garland, texas [75043]  certificate of service  this is to certify that a true copy of this foregoing document petition for writ of habeas corpus and identity hearing was served by first class mail to the supreme court of texas post office box 12248 austin, texas 78711 this nineteenth day of october two thousand one.  by me xxxxxxxxxxx    art. 11.051. filing fee prohibited october 26, 2001  habeas corpus code of criminal procedures chapter eleven-habeas corpus art. 11.051. filing fee prohibited notwithstanding any other law, a clerk of a court may not require a filing fee from an individual who files an application or petition for a writ of habeas corpus. added by acts 1999, 76th leg., ch. 392, section 1, eff. aug. 30, 1999. 






notice to the county clerk earl bullocknovember 4, 2001notice to the county clerk earl bullock october 29, 2001in the matter of the un-required and un-needed bond posted 08/08/2001 #01038248 (attached) in the amount of .00 for hold number 90145524r for ralph kenneth evans(copyrighted). in view of the attached copy of release order and finding of fact and the attached statues covering such matter please return to me the posted funds immediately. the corporation of texas criminal codeart. 23.04. [444] [508] [496] in misdemeanor casein misdemeanor cases the capias or summons shall issue from a court having jurisdiction of the case. the summons shall be issued only upon request of the attorney representing the state and shall follow the same form and procedure as in a felony case. acts 1965, 59th leg., p. 317, ch. 722, section 1, eff. jan. 1, 1966.art. 23.06. [446] [510] [498] new bail in felony casewhen a defendant who has been arrested for a felony under a capias has previously given bail to answer said charge, his sureties, if any, shall be released by such arrest, and he shall be required to give new bail. acts 1965, 59th leg., p. 317, ch. 722, section 1, eff. jan. 1, 1966.  also a habeas corpus 2001 156 05008 (attached) was filed on the behalf of ralph, evans being held as the res, property known as ralph kenneth evans(copyrighted). the cashier demanded a filing fee. the fee was paid in error. proof of the error is noted below.  habeas corpus code of criminal procedures chapter eleven-habeas corpus  art. 11.051. filing fee prohibited notwithstanding any other law, a clerk of a court may not require a filing fee from an individual who files an application or petition for a writ of habeas corpus. added by acts 1999, 76th leg., ch. 392, section 1, eff. aug. 30, 1999.   crane vs state of texas (attached) case number 83-1650; the united states court of appeals, fifth circuit ruled:  "we affirm the trial court's findings that the dallas county system of issuing misdemeanor capias violated both texas law and the united states constitution."   your file number 1490513 (attached) dated 08/10/01 2793617 .00 filed under miscellaneous real estate for the res property known as ralph kenneth evans(copyrighted)  release order (attached)   please release the bonds funds of .00 and the filing fee of .00 to me immediately.        notice of deeded copyrights november 4, 2001  state of texas  county of dallas   from: xxxxxxx, a man, the sovereign, i, me, secured party, holder in due course  c/o notary public: mail location  city, texas [750xx]  to: the supreme court of texas  c/o post office box 12248 austin, texas [78711] and dallas county judge, commissioners, constables and sheriff  governor, secretary of state, house and senate for the state of texas  the president, secretary of state, house and senate for the united  states and solicitor general for the people upon the land within the united states of america. and any and all other issuers and users that choose the use of my deeded copyrights for their self-enrichment.  notice of deeded copyrights  john joe doe and all derivatives there of, such as j. joe doe, john j. doe and j. j. doe are fictional characters (herein after "fictional characters"). these "fictional characters" are my "fictional characters" of art and as such have been copyrighted by me and are now my private property. my copyright of these entities of art being "fictional characters" are recorded in the county deed records located in the county of dallas, texas one of the several states united recorded by me under the law of the land and are my private intellectual property protected by the law of the land, the common law as recorded by deed number 1039813.  the "fictional characters" have been removed from commerce by me and any use of them either of them in any dealing with me commercially or privately will be under the terms and conditions spelled out per the recorded copyright deed, payable in advance per the contract/agreement. if any party uses either of them when dealing with me the parties agree that they have read and understand the terms and condition for their use of my deeded copyright per the recorded copyright contract/agreement. the parties agree that they will attach payment for the use of my copyrights, when used without my written prior consent and further agree if they fail to attach payment or fail to pay after notice of their failure to pay i may attach their property till the debt is paid in full. therefore if any party wishes to use any of my deeded copyrighted "fictional characters" please petition me for my consent to the office of the notary public mailing location & city, texas [750xx] and if for a good cause permission will be granted.   failure to procure my prior written consent for the use of any of my deeded copyrights of my "fictional character(s)" and if used, failure to pay will be proof and evidence that the parties have trespassed on title to my private property my "fictional character(s)" and the parties agree that i can prosecute them for trespass for infringement on copyright as well as collect the debt per the terms and condition per the recorded copyright deed in accordance with the contract/agreement for use of said copyrights.   this notice is intended to give notice to all parties both users and issuers of the terms and condition required for the use of any of my recorded deeded copyrighted "fictional characters".  executed pursuant title 28 usc 1746 (1) this xxxxx day of october two thousand one by addressee  sign here   certification i, xxxxxxxxxx, notary public for the people of the state of texas declare that the man, a living soul, one of the people known to me and addressed as xxxxxxxxxx did execute this notice pursuant title 28 usc 1746 (1) in my present by his our free will and deed this xxxxx day of october two thousand one.  seal:  notary public: mail location city, texas [750xx]       violation of article 16 section 1 of the 1876 constitution for texas november 15, 2001  verified non-negotiable actual affidavit of truth of material facts for violation of article 16 section 1 of the 1876 constitution for texas  republic and one of the several states of america united: texas county: dallas  to: whom it may concern, i the affiant declare.  this affidavit of truth of material facts, pertaining to the county and district court judges. this affidavit of truth of material facts for violation of article 16 section 1 of the 1876 constitution for texas is intended to comply with the law of the land of texas and the united states in america in accord with title 28 section 1746(1) and the "good faith and reasonable cause" standard of rule 601 of the federal rules of evidence. based on evidence i have seen, i have first-hand knowledge of the facts set forth herein [rule 43(e), f.r.civ.p. & rule 602, f.r.evid.]. declarations by affidavit of truth of material facts are as follows:   1. my address by my mark is as signed and certified as affiant by the notary public seal upon this affidavit. i am a living soul born on the soil, endowed with unalienable rights to life, liberty and property, and my rights are secured by the 1787 constitution of we the people for the de jure united states of america, and the constitution of the de jure state of texas and republic.  2. i am a citizen of one of the several states united, under a de jure republican form of government.  3. my abode and dwelling is geographically located on the soil of texas.  4. i declare that the facts stated herein are true and verifiable to the best of my knowledge.   5. based on the fact and evidence of article 16 section 1 of the constitution for texas and the fact that the texas bar is a association and each judge is a member.  6. based on the fact, the evidence and the law, each judge of the county or district are required to take the oath of article 16 section 1 and file a statement as mandated by article 16 section 1(b).   7. i declare that it is a fact that each judge of the county and the district courts located in the county of dallas, texas did pay a fee to the texas bar association before being eligible for the bench.  8. i declare that it is a fact that each judge of the county and the district courts located in the county of dallas, texas did perjured themselves by the payment of said fee in violation of their oath they swore with the help of god.  9. the fact that the county and the district courts located in the county of dallas, texas did perjure them self their orders, judgment and decree are null and void and must be over turned by the fact that the judges can not hold their office in view of their perjury as evident by the bar fee.  10. based on the evidence, law and the facts, i declare that the county and the district courts located in the county of dallas, texas are vacated and in want of honorable officers for the bench and while these present judges occupy the bench i declare that the rights of all of the sovereign people of the county of dallas and the state of texas is being violated and a fair trial cannot be had in the county and the district courts located in the county of dallas, texas.  further that affiant says naught.  signed this xxxxx day of october, two-thousand, one, a. d by:   affiants mark addressee  jurat state of texas  county of dallas   on this xxxxx day of the tenth month in the year of our lord and savior, two thousand one. appeared before me this day, a man addressed as ralph kenneth evans a man known to me whom executed this foregoing document/instrument verified non-negotiable actual affidavit of truth of material facts and acknowledged that he executed the same pursuant to the laws of the united states title 28 section 1746(1) as his free act and deed.   notary public seal:      
































