


















manufacturer representatives | total sales & marketing








































































 

skip to content







home
our services

headquarter sales
sales connections
sales channels
telesales
sales support
creative services


about us

about us
our team













 





 





 





 





		call us toll-free at (800) 323-0780.	



for retailers







home
our services

headquarter sales
sales connections
sales channels
telesales
sales support
creative services


about us

about us
our team





		contact us	







menu
















manufacturer representatives 



effective and experienced sales & marketing representation since 1977! 











our experienced team of independent manufacturer representatives and customer support professionals are at your service. 



we can represent, market and sell your products to  retailers, corporate headquarters distributors and wholesalers nationwide. 



our manufacturer reps provide full service retail sales representation ensuring your product gets the attention it deserves and lands on the retailers’ shelf and website.since 1977, total marketing associates has served our customers in retail selling for big box stores, logistics, marketing, and creative services as well as national account management. 







 






explore our headquarter sales service















what can we sell for you? 



we take pride in the relationships formed and accomplishments made in the marketplace over the years and we can’t wait to sit down and discuss what we can do for you. here are just a handful of the fine brands we’ve helped expand sales channels and grow. 





 

 

 





























testimonials 










						"i have spent over 40 years in the sales profession. i have had the fortune to work with various manufacturer rep groups across the nation during this tenure both in the lawn and garden industry and pool industry. i can say without hesitation that there is not a more professional sales group than total marketing associates.

most importantly, this professionalism also transcends into sales results. in addition to professional, adjectives such as: dedicated, hard-working, and integrity also fall freely when discussing team total. i am truly blessed, both professionally and personally, to work with the total marketing team."					
the michigan peat companyvice president of sales 








						"in our busy world many people are quick to criticize, and far too many take the time say thank you. in my entire career, i have never come across a more genuine, from-the-heart and caring organization as total marketing associates. always willing to do and offer assistance when asked, or in most cases when not requested, and always done with a positive attitude. i am giving kudos to your parents for instilling a work ethic and respect you demonstrate to others, and at all times which should be a model for all others to follow."					
blain's farm & fleetvice president of merchandising 








						"you guys are the model we wish we had more of."					
c&s products companyvice president of sales 








						"i am the buyer/merchandise manager for moscow and pullman building supply in moscow, id and pullman, wa. i have held this position for 13 years. in this position i have worked very closely with the crew at total marketing associates. they truly are an outstanding group to work with and they have your business front and foremost at heart. they can do it all-- planning, development of areas, advertising and marketing. they are one of my top go-to groups to work with and they have never let me down!"					
moscow & pullman building supplybuyer & merchandise manager 




















upcoming trade shows 










no events to display.





























need  help getting your product noticed? 



get in touch with our manufacturer sale reps today! 










email(required)


enter email



confirm email


name(required)


first



last

where did you hear about us?birds have how many wings?(required)this question helps us deter those pesky spam bots.tell us about your companycompany(required)website(required)

current ownership(required)years in business?(required)any business in place?(required)previous representation?(required)where are you looking for representation?(required)tell us about your companyphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











32281











































	copyright © 2025 - wordpress theme by zaffke & co.


my team total
privacy policy
terms of use




 
 



























































