




 


cahip-orange county - home



 















 
get social with cahip-oc        



join us


find an agent


contact us



 




home




about us



annual financial statement




awards




board of directors



past presidents







bylaws




newsletter







calendar of events




education



doi information




insurance training




health insurance awareness information







legislation



cahip pac




nabip pac







membership



member benefits



leading producers roundtable (lprt)




president's triple crown program







online local membership







sponsors




contact us












 









about cahip-orange county

making a difference in people's lives.  one member at a time.
our association is a local chapter of the national association of insurance and benefit professionals (nabip). the role of cahip-oc is to promote and encourage the association of professionals in the health insurance field for the purpose of educating, promoting effective legislation, sharing information and advocating fair business practices among our members, the industry and the general public.

about nabip

nabip is the preeminent organization for health insurance and employee benefits professionals and works diligently to ensure all americans have access to high quality affordable healthcare and related services.
 
not a member?if you are in this business and making a living you owe it to your clients and your industry to support the organization that is supporting and fighting for your livelihood.join now
 


join us at the sales symposium on february 11th as we honor patrick rodriguez posthumously with the cahip-orange county 2025 pinnacle award in recognition of his lasting impact on our community. his legacy will not be forgotten. 
 
upcoming events



to be announced

march 11, 2025 11:00 am
•
brea community center



28th annual take a swing fore the cure charity golf classic

april 21, 2025 10:00 am
•
aliso viejo country club



22nd annual celebration of women in business charity luncheon & fashion show

may 30, 2025
•
balboa bay resort





medicare corner


 
why support cahip pac?
the cahip pac advocates on behalf of licensed insurance agents and their clients in california on numerous issues of vital concern including their role in solicitation of health, long-term care, annuity and life insurance products, insurance market reform, rising health care costs and regulations affecting agents and brokers.  contribute now!
 
nabip chapter awards
 



 
affiliations
 







 





























2024 -2025 corporate sponsors








titanium







gold



silver





bronze










 







join us!for email marketing you can trust.


copyright© 2025 cahip-orange county





powered by wild apricot membership software








share
|











