     toyota dealership downey ca                             




                                           penske toyota        sales 562-904-5600    service 562-904-5600  parts 562-904-5600      9136 east firestone boulevarddowney, ca 90241                                        service        map        contact                                penske toyota                  call 562-904-5600   directions                      new    new vehicles   schedule test drive   toyota in-transit new inventory   lease return options   toyota safety sense   connect with toyota app   electrified   research new models     used   pre-owned vehicles    toyota certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   pre-owned specials   toyota certified program overview   research used models     express store   shop all models   how it works     research   used car for sale   car buying process   financing through dealership   trading vs selling   toyota all-wheel drive vehicles     finance & specials   new specials   toyota incentives   get pre-approved   payment calculator   lease vs finance downey   toyota lease end options downey   lease return options   penske military program   college program   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials     service & parts   service & parts   toyotacare   toyota express maintenance   schedule service   service & parts specials    service financing   open toyota recalls   toyota oil change   oil change services downey   toyota tires   toyota brake service and repair   collision   order parts   reasons to buy parts from penske toyota of downey   why you should buy oem toyota accessories from penske toyota of downey   smog test & repair     about   about   our dealership   meet our staff   accessibility    hours & directions   contact us   dealership reviews   employment   hablamos espanol     certified collision center                   home   new    new vehicles   schedule test drive   toyota in-transit new inventory   lease return options   toyota safety sense   connect with toyota app   electrified   research new models     used   pre-owned vehicles    toyota certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   pre-owned specials   toyota certified program overview   research used models     express store   shop all models   how it works     research   used car for sale   car buying process   financing through dealership   trading vs selling   toyota all-wheel drive vehicles     finance & specials   new specials   toyota incentives   get pre-approved   payment calculator   lease vs finance downey   toyota lease end options downey   lease return options   penske military program   college program   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials     service & parts   service & parts   toyotacare   toyota express maintenance   schedule service   service & parts specials    service financing   open toyota recalls   toyota oil change   oil change services downey   toyota tires   toyota brake service and repair   collision   order parts   reasons to buy parts from penske toyota of downey   why you should buy oem toyota accessories from penske toyota of downey   smog test & repair     about   about   our dealership   meet our staff   accessibility    hours & directions   contact us   dealership reviews   employment   hablamos espanol     certified collision center             






schedule service



 schedule now
















search inventory

     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





                                                                                                                                                                                                                              







get pre-approved
apply now










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory        
discover our lineup
       popular  |  cars & minivan  |  trucks  |  crossovers & suvs  |  electrified           rav4 27/35 est mpg      highlander 22/29 est mpg      4runner 16/19 est mpg      tacoma 18/22 est mpg      camry 32/41 est mpg      tundra 18/24 est mpg          corolla 32/41 est mpg      corolla hatchback 32/41 est mpg      camry 32/41 est mpg      mirai 76/71 est mpg      gr86 20/26 est mpg      gr supra 25/32 est mpg      sienna 36/36 est mpg      crown 42/41 est mpg      gr corolla 21/28 est mpg          tacoma 18/22 est mpg      tundra 18/24 est mpg          land cruiser 22/25 est mpg      highlander 22/29 est mpg      grand highlander 21/28 est mpg      venza 40/37 est mpg      crown signia 39/37 est mpg      rav4 27/35 est mpg      corolla cross 31/33 est mpg      4runner 16/19 est mpg      sequoia 21/24 est mpg          prius plug-in hybrid 54/133 est mpge      prius 57/56 est mpg         corolla hybrid 53/46 est mpg      corolla cross hybrid 53/46 est mpg      crown signia 39/37 est mpg      crown 42/41 est mpg      highlander hybrid 36/35 est mpg      grand highlander hybrid 37/34 est mpg      rav4 hybrid 41/38 est mpg      rav4 plug-in hybrid 38/94 est mpge      sequoia 21/24 est mpg      sienna 36/36 est mpg      tundra i-force max 20/24 est mpge      venza 40/37 est mpg      mirai 76/71 est mpg      bz4x 252 mi est range       









100% online experience


shop
 express purchase


instant pricing - no hassle - build your deal online




start shopping



see how it works













start shopping



see how it works







visit us

9136 east firestone boulevard, downey, ca 90241

open today: 8:30am - 7:00pm







     

welcome to penske toyota in downey, ca
 at penske toyota, we tailor our services to champion customers, from start to finish. we strive to make your experience enjoyable and hassle-free. our dealership always carries the latest new toyota cars for sale, including the fuel-efficient toyota corolla, comfortable and stylish toyota camry, and the adventure-bound and always reliable toyota rav4 for sale in downey, ca.
 if you’re not in the market for a brand new toyota this year, be sure to explore the quality used and certified pre-owned sedans, trucks, vans, and suvs at our used car dealership. our goal is to ensure you get behind the wheel of a vehicle that’s a perfect match for your lifestyle and budget. our friendly team will walk you through every step of the car-buying process to ensure it’s streamlined and you leave confident in your choice.
why choose penske toyota
financing a vehicle can be stressful, but it doesn’t have to be. it comes down to working with experienced professionals who have the advice and clear answers you need. our finance center team always values your time and respects your budget. in the same way, the expert technicians at our service center in downey, ca aim to take care of your car in the most efficient and transparent way possible. from routine maintenance to major and minor repairs, you can expect superior workmanship with great communication every step of the way.
 the team at our toyota dealership in downey, ca is ready and waiting to meet all your automotive needs. contact us today to learn more about our current inventory, schedule a test drive, and find out how you can save money on your next service appointment with our available service coupons in downey, ca.











special
offers
view specials



trade
appraisal
value trade



hours &
directions
visit us














financing to fit your budget
we strive to work with each customer to ensure their satisfaction. save time by using our pre-approval form to qualify for one of our finance programs.





get pre-approved




     




2024 prius prime
efficiency that performs.

view inventory






      





don't settle for less. insist on toyota genuine parts. toyota owners can depend on your vehicle for many miles to come.
learn more









your exceptional experience starts with toyotacare, a no cost maintenance plan with 24-hour roadside assistance.
learn more









your time is valuable. so when your toyota needs factory-scheduled maintenance or repairs, don't let it slow you down.
learn more



       




                           



               

penske toyota dealership in downey, ca
here at penske toyota, our team has been serving the greater los angeles area for more than three decades, giving us the experience needed to help you with whatever you need. we're happy to be the home for drivers in downey, bell, montebello, south gate, bell gardens, maywood, and all throughout the region, and we can't wait to help you next.


penske toyota: highly rated by our customers
there's no need to just take our word for it when we tell you that you'll get an exceptional experience when you visit our dealership. our proven track record with our customers gives you an idea of the high standard of customer service you can expect when you come to do business with us.
popular vehicles we offer
camry
the camry is a mid-size sedan that will elevate everything from your everyday commute to your next big road trip with the comfortable interior and efficient performance it offers you. the engine is capable of taking you from 0 to 60 in just 7.3 seconds, letting you bring some pulse-pounding excitement with you on every drive.
rav4
new adventures will be within your reach when you get behind the wheel of the rav4, an suv with the capability to take you to any destination you can dream up. available all-wheel drive boosts the traction and control you enjoy in your ride, letting you overcome difficult terrain with self-confident ease.
tacoma
choose the tacoma to get a truck capable of meeting your needs on even the most ambitious and epic of adventures. the deck rail system makes it easy to secure any cargo you're hauling with you, while the front dual-zone automatic climate control system will help keep you at a comfortable temperature throughout your travels.


corolla
efficient and stylish, the corolla is perfect as a commuter car, a family vehicle, and just about anything in between. available eco and power driving modes help you boost your fuel efficiency or get more exciting performance with just the push of a button depending on your current demands.
prius
when you're looking for a hybrid that will give you the eco-friendly efficiency you're looking for in a stylish package, look to the vehicle that has led the way in this class for years; look to the prius. rated for a jaw-dropping 58 miles per gallon during city driving, this vehicle will let you get around more efficiently than you ever dreamed possible before.
service and financing
toyota and ase-certified mechanics
the team in our service department has all the credentials needed to assure you that you're getting expert service for your vehicle. make an appointment with us and we'll take care of all the maintenance needs your vehicle has so it can keep performing the way you want it to.
financing that fits your budget
you shouldn't have to overspend in order to get the quality driving experience that you're looking for. our financing department will provide you with a range of options at competitive rates so that you can choose the loan that matches your situation.




    


advertising on this website is intended only for those in california.


             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | safety recalls & service campaigns | hours | penske toyota | 9136 east firestone boulevard, downey, ca 90241 | sales: 562-904-5600            





















               