


anti aging information resource









antiaging sites

xtend-life anti aging skincarerevolutionary skincare products that can significantly reduce wrinkles, fine lines and other signs of premature aging.



the american academy of anti-aging medicine

the life extension foundation

international anti-aging systems

los gatos longevity institute

gerontology research group

the rejuvenation and longevity foundation











welcome to the antiaging information website!
you have arrived at the web's most comprehensive anti aging information resource. nowhere else will you find such an extensive database of products, treatments, creams and other popular solutions for turning back the hands of time. here we review and discuss all of them to help you determine which may be helpful and which are simply a waste of time and money.
one of the most talked about issues in the world of aging is human growth hormone, or hgh.  this is a very controversial topic, and there are many on both sides of the issue.  is it safe to use outside of its typical medicinal applications?  are there hgh side effects?  can it really reverse the aging process or is it just another scam like so many other things?
  







what about the different human growth hormone antiaging products on the market today?  there are sprays, sublinguals, pills, orals, shots, topicals...you name it.  there are precursors, homeopathics, releasers, enhancers and others, all purporting to either deliver growth hormone directly, or stimulate the body's own release of hgh.                                                                      

all in all, it can get very confusing to wade through the endless information out there.  while some of it is good, a lot of it is bad.  it's difficult to determine what to believe and what to ignore.

 that's where the antiaging information site comes in.  we have reviewed dozens of different types of anti aging treatments, and hundreds of specific products marketed to slow, stop and/or reverse the aging process.
			
to make it easier for you we've broken the site down into several categories: general anti-aging, human growth hormone (hgh) and skin aging.

in our general anti aging category we discuss diet, exercise, lifestyle changes, essentially anything that can influence the factors leading to premature aging.

here you'll find articles such as anti aging foods and medical anti aging and anti aging nutritional products. 

discover 5 bad foods that can slowly but surely take years off of your life, including trans fats, processed foods, fried food, heavy red meat and high sodium.

what are the so-called anti aging vitamins and  that everyone is talking about? what are the anti aging benefits of supplements and other products?we have developed an entire section on hgh, human growth hormone.  we talk about it's implications, medical uses, side effects and more.  in this area you will find articles such as: what are the effects of growth hormone and how has it been used medically as well as alternatively? where can you buy growth hormone and what forms does hgh come in?				
								
learn about human growth hormone product, hgh spray, hgh releasers, enhancers and liquid hgh supplements,product comparisons and hgh side effects and gh injections:what is prescription hgh treatment?.

some of the more popular products on the market today will be reviewed, such as genf20 hgh and	hgh complete review.		


in response to many visitor requests we added an antiaging skin care section to the site, with articles such as: best anti aging skin care line and anti aging skincare products. 

ever read the back of a skin cream bottle? you might want to start. find out about 5 killer skin cream ingredients that you need to steer clear of including parabens, fragrances, dioxane and other harmful chemicals.
are natural lip plumpers a good alternative to collagen injections and other enhancement surgeries?  learn more about natural lip enhancement, natural remedies for age spots, wrinkle free skin care treatment and collagen capsules.
the above are just a selection of the hundreds of antiaging articles you will find on this site.  this will be an ongoing project, with new information, new research and new product reviews being added on a regular basis.

								
some of our newest articles, 2012 and beyond can be found below:					
								
								
what do all of these terms mean?  check out our new anti-aging glossary
it has yet to be proven whether or not any of the non prescription hgh products do what they purport to.  there is a lot of anecdotal evidence out there, but very little conclusive clinincal data.
	does this mean you shouldn't try anything? no.  there are many people have have achieved success with these products, so they can't be ruled out altogether.  but it's important to look at the science behind them and the companies behind them.  just like anything else, do your own research to determine what makes sense for you.

we'll try to help you choose the best antiaging products, but it's up to you to make the final decision.  we hope you enjoy our site.								
									
									
									
									



 more new articles: anti aging eye cream, anti aging product, homeopathic hgh, does hgh work?, benefits of antioxidants and antioxidant vitamins

e-mail question, comments, ideas and suggestions to
info at antiaginginfo.netsite disclaimer & privacy policy








