dennehy school of irish dance  processing... success! completing order... ×   homeaboutclasses & schedulesyouth classes & scheduleceili team dancingadult ceili classregistrationpolicies and waiversclass rules and proceduresbook a showchicago autumn feisparents clubcontactannual recitaldennehy school of irish dancewe've moved!!classes have begun in our new studio, located at2737 west 111th streetchicago, il 60655open enrollment - join anytime! click here for more info!traditionthe dennehy school of irish dance has been in existence for over 60 years. first started by dennis and marge dennehy, the school is now under the direction of dennis and marge's daughter kathy dennehy. the dennehy dancers compete in local, regional, national, and international competitions where they have attained great success.learn moreour mission we are proud to represent the families of the chicagoland community in celebrating our heritage and culture. it is our goal to bring out the best in each student, emphasizing teamwork, sportsmanship and dedication to the community of irish dance.classes chicago autumn feis parents club performances, shows & events our dancers perform at different venues around the chicagoland area. if interested in booking a show, please contact us.book a showenrolling new dancers!the dennehy school of irish dance offers irish dance classes for students ages 4 and up, and it has served thousands of local families. new dancers are welcome at anytime throughout the year. all classes are conducted at the dennehy studio and are taught by certified irish dance teachers (tcrg). dennehy students not only learn irish dance, they learn the many facets of irish culture. for class times and more information about the dennehy school of irish dance, click below.more details get started @dennehyirishdancersdennehy school of irish dance2737 west 111th streetchicago, illinois 60655dennehydancers@aol.comget in touchcopyright © 2025 dennehy school of irish dancehosted at wavotoby clicking "allow all", you are agreeing to our privacy policy. allow all  customize  privacy preference centerwhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. this information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. the information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. however, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. allow allstrictly necessary cookies (more info) allowthese cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. they are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. we can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request.performance cookies (more info) allowthese cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software kpis, such as performance. with the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. if you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.targeting cookies (more info) allowthese cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. they collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. the profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. confirm my choices