    home - dickerson landscaping      
          homelandscapingdeck design and installationdrainage solutionsfireplaces & pitsgrading & excavationirrigationlow voltage lightingpatio design & installationretaining wallswater features/pondswood fencing and screenslawn care servicesnurseryabout usour teamtestimonialscareersideascontact  select page   get a quote contact us call us today850-422-3001 call us today850-422-3001get a quote contact ushomelandscapingdeck design and installationdrainage solutionsfireplaces & pitsgrading & excavationirrigationlow voltage lightingpatio design & installationretaining wallswater features/pondswood fencing and screenslawn care servicesnurseryabout usour teamtestimonialscareersideascontact tallahassee landscaping& lawn care specialistsserving the tallahassee area since 1987 professional & affordable  landscaping  lawn care  irrigation  nursery  drainage  decks  patios  grading | excavationwe strive to be the most creative lawn care & landscaping company in the south. we are recognized for our commitment to enhancing the balance between humanity and nature. click here for our newsletter!“wowwwww… i *love* my new yard design. dickerson landscaping did a great job from start to finish. and this was a tough one, too. i am not wealthy, so i knew i’d have to plan for stages of work to be done. well, they came through on every count: a totally creative and wonderful design, that is easy-care and, looks *great* year-round. this company is fantastic!!!” anne coldirontallahassee, fl “i have used dickerson landscaping services for many years. they do maintenance work at my home, business, and also at my 82-year-old mother’s house. the quality of work is at the top. their service has always been dependable and on a regular basis. the crew leader, anthony, seeks feedback and is still happy to do the “little extras” with a smile. i have also used them for several hardscape projects at my home and business. creative designs get executed precisely as planned. i am pleased with the work this company continues doing and has done for me.” kieth b.“dickerson re-landscaped our front & back yard. dan drew up a great plan which included a wall around the deck. anthony & his crew did a great job and adam provided supervision & fixed our sprinkler system. we love our new yard & so do all the neighbors. we have received numerous compliments on how nice it looks.” patrick bowentallahassee, fl we are ready to serve youcall us at850-422-3001 get in touch  followfollowfollowfollowfollowhoursmon - fri 8am - 6pmclosed saturday & sunday address12 hayfield spur lloyd, fl 32344contactqualityteam@dickersonlandscaping.com850-422-3001 homelandscapinglawn care servicesnurseryabout usideascontact© 2024 | powered by success landscape marketing      
