










home - syosset woodbury chamber of commerce
























































 
 







 





skip to content














 
member logincontact usjoin today!











facebook





linkedin





instagram






































menu 
directorycalendar of eventsabout the chamber our mission faqs benefits using the info hub committees officers and board past presidentshot dealsnewsjobs








 













welcome to syosset-woodbury chamber of commerce










 


more info


 


 


more info


 


 
 


 
 































2024 holiday lighting spectacular sponsors








premier sponsors
collapse


                  




event sponsors
expand



                          




pizza slice sponsor
expand







hot chocolate sponsor
expand
































                                cwa merchant services - alan goldberg                            














                                rpg wealth management                            














                                variety child learning center                            














                                dr. howard matt                            














                                permits-r-us                            














                                ezdrin, woods & gluzberg                            














                                mr. prestige                            














                                bell law group                            














                                men on the move                            














                                douglas elliman - ben indiviglia commercial real estae                            














                                forging fit & lash box                            














                                shift                            














                                mindful clarity                            






next
previous




















view recent chamber articles








 

 



meaningful memorial day in syosset



					may 21, 2024				


join your community for this day of remembrance as memorial day approaches, syosset is gearing up for our annual parade, and more. join your friends, family and neighbors for a…
read more






 

 



syosset blooms: local businesses are ready for spring 2024



					march 22, 2024				


as the frost thaws and the air begins to carry the scent of new life, businesses around syosset and woodbury enter a season of transformation. spring is here! beyond just…
read more




























chamber notes














 
business person of the year 
the syosset-woodbury chamber of commerce named kenya zachary, of jovia financial credit untion, its 2024 business person of the year. kenya currently serves as the treasurer of the chamber and co-chairs the women in business group.
 












 
making a difference 
the chamber is proud of the grants and support we obtain for our members. we are also proud to have raised $5000 for our two member non-profits: the children's orchestra society and tempo counseling services. in addition, we distributed our annual scholarships to two deserving syosset hight school seniors. when businesses thrive, the whole community thrives.
 












 
getting the most from your chamber membership 
being a member of the chamber is just the beginning. to get the most out your membership, you have to attend meetings and participate in events. building your list of contacts and developing business relationships requires some time and effort, but the rewards are worth it.
 





















welcome new members! 




see all members


 

























 












© 2025 syosset woodbury chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












growing business. building community.



























syosset-woodbury chamber of commerce









map and address




338 jericho turnpike suite 136 










phone number




516-265-4357











email




info@syossetchamber.com 










facebook





instagram





linked in 






















 © 2025 syosset woodbury chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















