


tc-cancer.com | testicular cancer information & support
















    |    bookmark this site    











find what you're looking for:























home
support forum
about tc cancer

testicular cancer overview

pure seminoma
non-seminoma
tumor marker info

testicular cancer symptoms
testicular cancer facts
anatomy of the testicle
self exam
testicular cancer diagnosis
testicular cancer dictionary
testicular cancer glossary
what causes testicular cancer?
testicular cancer risk factors
familial tc
ask doctor about tc
tc links

tc cancer treatment

testicular cancer treatment
orchiectomy
chemotherapy
radiation
rplnd
after treatment
tumor marker info
ask doctor about tc
sex & tc
tc dictionary
tc links

personal stories

testicular cancer
colon & rectal cancer
prostate cancer
testicular cancer research

articles

testicular cancer
colon & rectal cancer
prostate cancer

research info

















 you need to upgrade your

flash player this is replaced by the flash content. place your

alternate content here and users without the flash plugin or with

javascript turned off will see this. content here allows you to leave

out noscript tags. include a link to bypass the detection if

you wish. 












welcome to testicular cancer information & support...
we are the largest community for testicular cancer patients and their loved ones in the world!







this site has been developed for the sole purpose

of education and support for patients with testicular cancer and their

family members. please take a look at all of our testicular cancer

resources and articles.
our site has grown to be more that just

information on testicular cancer. the focus of this site is our

testicular cancer support forums, where you can share your

experience with and/or get answers to your many questions about

testicular cancer. 
testicular cancer is a relatively rare form of

cancer. although it accounts for only 1 percent of cancers in men,

testicular cancer is the most common cancer in men between the ages of

20 and 34. about 75% of cases of testicular cancer occur in men between

20 and 49. nevertheless, testicular cancer is one of the most treatable

forms of cancer, with cure rates approaching 100% if detected early.

additionally, testicular cancer is more common in white men than black

or asian men. 
most testicular cancer cases are found by men

themselves when doing a self-examination or by accident. the testicles

are smooth, oval-shaped, and rather firm. men who examine themselves

routinely become familiar with the way their testicles normally feel.

any changes in the way they feel from month to month should be checked

by a doctor, preferably a urologist.  learn more about testicular cancer >> 





  special

news






scott joy & lance

armstrong 

eric shanteau - tc

diagnosis 

check ‘em lads


 our very own forum administrator, scott

joy, photographed here with lance armstrong at the 2006 ride for the

roses.
read more... 

shanteau, 24, of lilburn, georgia, was

diagnosed with testicular cancer 6-19, a wk before he left for the u.s.

swim trials.
read more... 

tc-cancer is proud to be partners with check ‘em lads, a fun and interactive way to get information about testicular cancer out into the community.  be sure to check out their site! check ‘em lads - testicular cancer in a new and fresh eye!  
also check out some of their latest testicular cancer videos
 
















make a donation to tc-cancer.com












tc-cancer.com and the testicular cancer information and support forums, the world's largest testicular cancer forums, were started over a decade ago by a testicular cancer survivor and his friend. tc-cancer.com and the forums are now supported as a program of the testicular cancer society in concert with the critical support of the voluntary moderators. the testicular cancer society is dedicated to making sure the site and forums are a permanent resource for future patients, survivors and caregivers. if you would like to make a contribution, then please use the button below and your donation to the testicular cancer society will be marked as being for support of tc-cancer.com and the forums.


 














the testicular cancer society is 501(c)(3) public charity, non-profit organization. your contributions are tax deductible under section 170 of the irs code.


 












other resources 























personal stories 









scott's story


at bedtime one night in march 2003, i suddenly noticed that my right testicle was more than double normal size...


more â»










 



 


 




home  |  testicular cancer support forum  |  testicular cancer blog  |  about testicular cancer   |  testicular  cancer treatment   |  symptoms of testicular cancer  |  facts about testicular cancer  |  testicule anatomy    |  self exam   |  testicular cancer dictionary   |  ask doctor about testicular cancer   |  orchiectomy   |  rplnd  |  chemo/radiation   |  tumor markers   |  after treatment 
sex & tc  |  personal stories on testicular cancer   |  seminoma  |  non-seminoma  |  colon cancer   |  prostate cancer  |  contact us  |  advertising info   |  link partners  |  terms






copyright ©2008-2014 tc cancer.com. all rights reserved 
site designed by avid web designs & marketing, inc.





