


super-lite lighting






















home
services
online catalogue
suppliers
careers
social media
contact us













 
 








who we are?
true quality.
family owned and operated, super-lite has been providing lighting for over 60 years.
established in 1950, super-lite had first began in the garage of david kowall. 
in the beginning, dave hand built all the fixtures, then later on built a shop where he and his partner jake karlinsky built up the business.
over the years, super-lite has grown, and developed an outstanding reputation for quality lighting and quality customer service.
featuring over 100  different manufactures with thousands of different styles. super-lite  specializes in lighting for every room in your home. whether you're  looking for a way to spice up your kitchen or slow time down in your  bedroom, our professional associates will be happy to help in all your  home improvement needs!				


what we do?                    
when the project calls for first quality,  fashionable lighting, professionals insist on super-lite. whether  building a new home, buying, or renovating, look to super-lite for the  complete selection. 
choose from the world's finest fixtures & systems
whether you're looking for that one  special light or ideas for your entire home super-lite has winnipeg's  largest selection of lighting options created by renowned designers. 
 


 



looking for variety?

come in and experience  lighting designs for any room, for any decorating style and for any  budget. 
super-lite stocks a wide variety of:
chandeliers
led fixtures
						  table lamps
						  wall sconces
						  ceiling fans 
						  landscape lighting 
						  custom lighting 
						  recessed lighting 
						  fluorescent lighting 
						  track lighting 
						  commercial lighting 
						  energy efficient lighting
						  pendant lighting
						  picture lighting 

plus all the extras ...

dimplex fireplaces  
						  lighting accessories
						  door chimes 
						  dimming controls / systems 
						  decorative / led mirrors 
						  wall art 
						  home accessories 
wireless bulbs / dimmers   / accessories 
 
 
 
 
copyright 2015 by super-lite lighting ltd. all rights reserved. 


energy savings

among the vast selection of incandescent, par bulbs, halogen, led lamps, we also carry a wide variety of energy saving products.
 
featuring energy efficient products:
- led fixtures (residential / commerical)
- compact fluorescent fixtures
 - infrared motion detectors 
						  - energy efficient bulbs (led, etc)
						  - low voltage mr16 lamps 
						  - t8 32 watt fluorescent systems 
						  - electronic ballasts 
						  - lighting reflectors 
						  - halogen lamps & fixtures 

 


energy efficiency with lighting

 saving lighting energy requires either reducing electricity  consumed by the light bulbs and light fixtures or reducing the length of  time that the lights are on. this can be accomplished by:
 reducing the amount of time that lights are on, and educating family members to turn off unneeded lights. 
using dimmers and other lighting controls 
lowering wattage, which involves  replacing bulbs or entire fixtures with bulbs and fixtures that provide  the same amount or greater amounts of light with but with reduced  electricity usage. 
today, this can be accomplished most  easily by replacing inefficient incandescent bulbs with  led or compact fluorescent bulbs. 


hours of operation

monday 9am - 5pm
tuesday 9am - 5pm
wednesday 9am - 5pm
thursday 9am - 5pm
friday 9am - 5pm
saturday 9am - 5pm
sunday - closed


 
 














	                    browse our showroom of lighting fixtures, accessories, home furnishings, ceiling fans, lamps, decor, and more.
	                    
copyright 2015 by super-lite lighting ltd. all rights reserved. 



our company

home
services
catalogue
suppliers
careers
social media
contact us




contact info

	                    phone: 204.989.7277
	                    fax: 204.633.5443
	                    
	                    1040 waverley street
	                    winnipeg, manitoba r3t 0p3
	                







