







us lst association - home







































































≡




homehistorymembershipscuttlebutteditors cornerarticlesannouncementsissues and deadlinesreunions & associationsannual reunionsstate associationsresourcesgeneral resourceslinks to sitesmediamemorieslst 325lst 325 360 degree photoscontactcontact formcontact informationvietnam era photos
uss park county 1077uss park county 1077 album 2warwick 2024 reunion































																			uss lst-206 and lst-22 at leyte, philippines																	

soldiers unload materials off the ramps in october 1944. (u.s. coast guard photo; u.s. national archives, nara file #: 026-g-3738 war & conflict book #: 1210; navsource.org) 














																			the lst memorial 325																	

the lst memorial 325 in evansville, indiana. 














																			uss lst-134																	

prior to the normandy invasion, june 1944. (us army photo; navsource.org) 

















 










welcome to the united states lst association


 august 2024 scuttlebutt-  click here to read full newsletter!                   join the us lst association: only $40 annually join today! membership dues are $40.00 per year with that you receive an annual subscription to our quarterly newsletter the lst scuttlebutt. all our members and associate members are encouraged to send information to be published in our newsletter. if you need more information please call, write, or email us and we will be glad to help. click here to contact us            the united states landing ship, tank (l.s.t.) association was started in 1985.  its membership is composed of navy and coast guard veterans who served in the amphibious forces aboard lsts in world war ii, the korean war, the vietnam war, the cold war, and into the twenty-first century.  we also encourage family and friends of lst veterans, as well as anyone else interested, to join as associate members.  membership is open to the public. become a member today!   about us: purpose: the united states lst association has two goals:  to reconnect lst shipmates and renew old friendships through our annual reunions and through our quarterly newsletter lst scuttlebutt. we also try to assist in tracking down former shipmates with our list of current members and associate members. to reach out and connect the younger generations of lst navy veterans to each other through our web site. our mission is to preserve their history. we highly encourage relatives, loved ones, friends, and simply anyone interested in the history of lsts, to join as associate members! join online now to start receiving your lst scuttlebutt magazine!    why should the younger generations of lst veterans, as well as non-veterans, join? because we need to carry on their legacy! you never know, there may be a family member or close friend of another lst veteran that knew your loved one and is looking for you!  we need friends, family, historians, authors, and anyone interested in lsts, to be their voice, especially as the numbers of the original lst veterans from world war ii continue to dwindle as the years pass. to connect with other families and find out the men that served with your lster.  since it formed in 1985, thousands of family members have connected to each other thanks to the national u.s. lst association. we always hear the stories of people seeking out and finding information on lst veterans, and the people who knew their grandfather, uncle, father, friend, etc. many of those friendships that form through the association have lasted a lifetime. we’re here to help connect you! join the national lst association today, because there could be others just like you trying to find you! one last thing is worth keeping in mind, because looking back on it can make us proud. these men of the greatest generation, and those from the korea/vietnam conflicts, were our family. for a generation of men that did so much for us, we owe them a debt of gratitude. their lessons they taught us, and the stories they’ve told of fighting vicious enemies, where the freedom of the world hung in the balance—deserve to be remembered.  “those who don't know history are destined to repeat it.” - edmund burke     information if you have any current addresses of former shipmates, we would like to add them to our mailing list. please send their name and address to our national headquarters at nehemiah communications, inc., 101 rice bent way #6, columbia, sc 29229, (803) 865-5665   thank you for visiting our website. enjoy your visit!  










join the us lst association today!
join the more than 2000 members who are keeping the memory alive!
only $40 per year.
click here to join or renew now!





support the association with a contribution!
your support the united states lst association. your contribution will assist veterans with their subscription fees and help with events and promotion. the association is a register 501(c)(19) and contributions are tax deductible.
click here to contribute online.
click here for a mailable form.
















united states lst association101 rice bent way #6columbia, sc 29229(803) 865-5665









http://uslst.orgmanaged by nehemiah communications













