







dr. quinn times- for those who love dr. quinn medicine woman






















join jane seymour on the cruise of a lifetime!

      from jane
i am so excited to announce the open hearts, open minds cruise event!  i personally invite you to join me for seven wonderful days through the crystal clear waters and white sandy beaches of the caribbean. 
the open hearts message has now spread to millions across the world. this has inspired me to create a unique opportunity to unite all those who embrace open-hearted living.  i offer you unprecedented time with me to explore and share all of our open heart stories. together we will be inspired to reach out and connect with others, and by doing so will be creating a community of individuals who know what it means to live with an open heart.
read more about how you can be part of this amazing journey!
 





 
dr quinn podcast 
on march 13, 2015, cbr radio presented a special evening, "the 20th anniversary dr. quinn, medicine woman reunion radio sbow. 
with special guests- showrunner - beth sullivan, jane seymour, joe lando, orson bean, alley mills, shawn toovey, jessica bowman, william shockley, jonelle allen, helene udy, frank collison, geoffrey lower, jen youngs, director chuck bowman & costume designer cheri ingle.
this special broadcast was full of memories of filming, funny stories, and fond reunion meetings and catch ups with cast and crew news. if you missed this very special event you can listen to the broadcast here
 


helene udy
                 invites you to attend:
                
four clowns presents the halfwits' last hurrah
 
the hollywood fringe
                june 11- 28
winner of  7 hollywood fringe awards, four clowns  returns for a 5th year to present an evening of comedy, music, and mayhem in   the halfwits’ last hurrah.  part vaudeville tribute, part showbiz farce – a fame-hungry showman and  his troupe of halfwits struggle to keep their variety show alive.
four clowns is a los angeles-based, nationally and internationally  touring clown troupe, dedicated to entertaining audiences and shining  light on humanity. four clowns implements physical theatre, text, music,  dance, and the shattering of the fourth wall in all of their  productions. four clowns is constantly redefining the audience’s  relationship to the performers on stage.
check out the website for ticket information!
 
joe lando's new project 
spotlight

this independent project began with a short film in 2010






view jane seymour section 
 
 

jane returns to her iconic role in bond when she sets out to give james a bit of "sensitivity" training!
check out the latest funny or die video


if you'd like to connect with other jane fans, join our dq times message forum. 
just email us to learn how








henry g sanders                      
our own beloved robert e has a new project 
                        which he would love your support for. 

"nadine" is an urban drama about a troubled teen with two strikes  against her. one more and she loses her three year old son. desperate  to change her life, she goes back to her old boxing trainer, kevin "tex"  whitehead. 

                      loyalties are tested and deep scars are given a  chance to heal. but not without kevin's tough love. will it be enough to  win out in the end?
if you would like to support henry and contribute to this project, please click here





 
stay tuned for some exiting news about our own miss grace
 jonelle allen's new tv series!



 
https://vimeo.com/28915761
feedback was so positive the project has been expanded with the cast primed for spotlight 2
to learn more about how to support this film initiative starring joe lando click here










dr. quinn medicine woman multimedia







 



colorado springs 



 




view the slideshow




 



paramount ranch 



 




interactive map !










dr. quinnmemories  



 
 
 



welcome video



 







 




home | reunions | folklore | cast pages | spirit of quinn | links | message board | guest book 
              join us |site map


the dq times is in no way associated with cbs entertainment or productions, nor sullivan and company test
      © 2003 the dq times




heat map generator




