

20% off sale salvia divinorum extracts compared 5x 10x and 15x salvia light carries salvia divinorum extracts and salvia divinorum leaves






















web site news: .....new or soon to arrive,, stipa robusta also known as sleepy grass seed, chaliponga also called diplopterys cabrerana, crushed kratom leaves and blue lily flowers have arrived and are ready to go. added to the special request page is motherwort the special request page is a new addition to the site where you can find virola bark, sinicuichi, kratom, blue lotus flowers nicotiana rustica and glauca, prickly poppy, quebracho bark, voacanga bark and seeds.  available now or soon, siberian amanita muscaria mushrooms, mimosa hostilis rootbark, ceilo caapi, psychotria viridis leaves, hawaiian baby woodrose seeds, syrian rue (peganum harmala), calea zacatechichi (dream herb), damiana, wild dagga flower tops, nicotiana glauca, nicotiana rustica, and datura stramonium!!                                                                                                                                 









view/edit cart





site links


shipping and contact


comments


mail order form


latest news


link page


bulletin board


botanicals


amanita muscaria


blue lotus flowers


caapi vine


calea dream
      herb


chaliponga leaves or
      diplypterys cabrerana


colubrina
      seeds and pods


damiana leaves flowers 


datura stramonium


hawaiian baby woodrose
        plant


hawaiian baby woodrose seeds


heaven blue morning glory seeds


incense


kratom leaves 


kratom extracts


mimosa hostilis


psychotria viridis


psychotria viridis plant


rivea corymbosa seeds


stipa robusta / 
      sleepy grass seed


trichocereus
bridgesii


trichocereus
pachanoi


trichocereus
peruvianus


syrian rue
      peganum harmala


wild dagga flower


yohimbe bark 


yerba mate 


special request 


african red tea (rooibos)


belladonna roots 


motherwort


nicotiana glauca seeds


nicotiana glauca 


nicotiana rustica 


prickly poppy (chicalote)


sinicuichi (sun opener)


skullcap


quebracho bark


virola bark


voacanga rootbark


voacanga seeds


yerba mate 


incense


copal resin 


dragons blood 


white sage 


nag champa 


tara tibetan prayer








 




















we no longer take credit cards!
please use the mailorder form to send in your payment and order request. email to check stock before ordering. 
salvia divinorum is no longer legal in our home state. 
                                                please do not call asking for it. 
                                                we have none in stock and will not have any available. 
20% off and free shipping.

$50 purchase or more required.
 



____________________________________________

the incense page has finally been completed. please take advantage of combining the shipping by adding some incense to your order before checking out. added incense are dragons blood, copal resin, tara tibetan prayer, nag champa, and white sage smudge - small and large bundles 

 if you have any questions, please email or call at
                                817-726-7525 cell

 i have just recently decided to offer for sale my custom designed 
machined stainless steel butane extractors
                                this extractor can hold 3 gallons or 3 kilos of plant material, extract from it in 2-4 hours and then recapture the butane to recycle for another extraction. it is truly the only extractor of it's kind in the world and you can buy it exclusively from salvialight.com now. patent pending. 
click here for more information or go to 
www.tamisiumextractors.com

live psychotria viridis plants are being grown now. we should have them ready to ship soon. email for more information.

and incense page has been added as well. nag champa, copal resin, dragons blood (nature's anticeptic / bandaid) and more coming. want a particular incense. please email me and let me know


                                we have also added stipa robusta seeds or more commonly called sleepy grass seeds.

hbwr seeds inventory has been stocked with freshly harvested viable seeds for planting. these are just harvested and cracked. only the seeds with no hulls. these are large beautiful seeds. new pics will be added to the hbwr seed page by the end of this week.

salvia divinorum will no longer be shipped to the following states; 
legal status page has now been added to the site.

a brief view into the future. o 
there has been much controversy over the sale of many botanicals this past year of 2005 and 06. during the sorting out of how to legislate the legality of selling this material you will find that some products will no longer be available to you and or availble to sale based on what state or country you live in. we will comply with all state and federal laws without exception. so don't ask!
                                  eventually the site product list may change or even be shut down as it exist now. this is something we have been aware of. gearing up for this we have began a much desired move into the holistic field of research that was our original plan to begin with. this new field will present reseach accumulated over the past years during countless legal and ethical extractions of a wide variety of ethically harvested herbals from all over the world. along with data accumulated from many sources.
 particular sources of interest to us and we feel to you as well are.



white tea extracts. (immature green tea sprouts)

pomegranete seeds and juice extractions
apricot seeds most important to cancer and hiv patients
rooibos tea extracts
whole mimosa hostilis rootbark (treatment for burn victims with us based case studies.)

physiological and psychological research has allowed many new and remarkable discoveries to be made in the recent past years. this is both new and exciting. advancements in laboratory processes, that make the research more feasable for lower income laboratory technicians, doctors and scientist has allowed many otherwise unknowns to come onto a playing field that was otherwise controlled by the tycoons of industry and manufacturing. these new bright minds will lay the footwork, as many have before them, into bigger and brighter fields of study and discoveries. such as electrical molecular alteration as well as bringing light to the harm of a "cover up the symtoms of illness via phamaceuticals approach" so common today. hopefully we can gain more insight into just how powerful we are, and how powerful we are when in union with common materials readily availble to us, so that we can heal our own bodies and minds and in so doing prevent disease and cure rather than cover up. 
if this field of research interest you you may find the following website and audio links helpful. 

http://www.elixa.com/estim/beck.htm
http://educate-yourself.org/be/
http://www.worldwithoutcancer.com/

audio
http://www.worldwithoutcancer.com/flashmovies/cancer.ram









datura shredded caapi
 peruvianus cactus cuttings are now cut fresh and ready to ship!
peruvianus cactus skin page 
salvia kilos are in stock and ready to go !!!!!!
                          peruvianus dried cactus skin is back. 
yohimbe bark stuff and can say it works well!
skullcap is available on the special request pagesalvia kilos are in stock and ready to go !!!!!!
kratom crushed leaves and blue lily flowerspsychotria viridis has been restocked and is now fresh and ready to go!
 kratom crushed leaves and blue lily flowers
wild dagga flower petals
motherwort
amanita mushrooms 
hawaiian baby woodrose seeds and morning glory seeds

                          there are three employees here to attend to you guys at all times.
if you should ever have a problem at all you can call us at 817-726-7525
                          for questions you can call us at 817-726-7525
                          from now on this number will be posted on the shipping/contact page. 










 
 


all product weights are in grams. 
          there are 28 grams in an ounce.
 


 


















most popular items





              wild dagga flowers
              lions tail - leonotis_leonurus



large white sage bundles 




              crushed blue lotus flowers
              nymphaea caerulea



              damiana turnera diffusa 



crushed kratom leaves
              mitragyna speciosa



              banisteriopsis 
              caapi vine




syrianrue
              peganum harmala







 




