home - davie county chamber and tourism    
  
 (336) 751-3304 135 s. salisbury st. | mocksville, nc



the chamber homebusiness directorycalendarschamber eventscommunity eventsmember loginjoin the chamber
(336) 751-3304homeaboutlearn about usboard of directorsambassadorsnews & announcementsour staffour whyventure davieleadership davie2023 leadership davie brochurework localhiring eventsmfg dayignite daviemembershipbenefitschamber championsjoin nowbusiness directorycalendarschamber eventscommunity eventsdavie dealsmember logincommunitydavie tourism request for fundingrelocate to daviediscover davievolunteerlocal weathercontact

aboutlearn about usboard of directorsambassadorsnews & announcementsour staffour whyventure davieleadership daviework localhiring eventsmfg dayignite daviemembershipbenefits & networkingdavie dealschamber championsjoin nowcode of conduct2024 e.c. tatum humanitarian nomination form2024 business of the year nomination formrural rise nc2024 signature women’s luncheonstate of daviecommunitydavie tourism request for fundingrelocate to daviediscover daviebusiness guidevolunteerlocal weathercontact



join the 13th annual surf popsicle 5k and support youth-led grants in davie county!
feb 17, 2025
davie county blog
lace up your running shoes and get ready for a fun-filled morning at the 13th annual popsicle 5k, hosted by the davie community foundation surf ...
read more

july letter from the chairjun 14, 2024 | davie county chamber and tourismcan you believe that we are halfway into the year? as the temperature heats up for summer, we are turning up the heat on our events at the chamber...read more

discover your love language this valentine’s day
jan 23, 2025
discover davie county
valentine’s day is a time to celebrate love in all its forms. whether you’re in a romantic relationship, single, or cherishing family and friends, understanding ...
read morekind words from our membersservguard pest solutions, llcnothing less than supportive of new businesses and members! they follow up often to check in and offer any helpful tips to contribute to the growth of your business.servguard pest solutions, llcchasity bakerthe davie chamber is a group of fun and exciting staff who have brought many positive opportunities for both mine and my husband’s business!!! i am so thankful we joined!chasity bakerashlee juddjoining the davie chamber has been such a blessing to me and my business. alyson, caroline, and marie are a great team, very kind, and helpful. if there was only one thing i could do to help my business grow and surround myself with like-minded individuals, it would be joining the davie chamber of commerce!ashlee juddk&w service and repairjoining the davie county chamber of commerce has been an incredible experience for us. as a small family owned hvac company, we rely heavily on business relationships forged from within this chamber. the entire chamber family has been a pleasure to work with and we would recommend any local business professional to consider joining this chamber!dasean willard, k&w service and repairvip homekeepingbeing part of the davie chamber has not only increased our visibility in the community, but has added to -our business know-how . the workshops, classes and networking opportunities have definitely given us a much broader and deeper understanding of how to run our business. it has also connected us with folks who can help our business grow as well as assist us in making it more valuable to our clients and customers. vip homekeeping really does  love the davie chamber!s.w. albon, vip homekeepingjulia bennettas a small business owner, we find the chamber to be responsive to our needs. as a long time member of the chamber, we continue to see growth in our profits due to our affiliation. highly recommend!julia bennettfirst choice personnelthe davie county chamber of commerce is about positive impact. to suggest that the chamber is only about networking is like saying modern medicine is about band aids and flu shots. while networking and membership support are a primary focus, the davie chamber of commerce embraces its’ role and is actively engaged in initiatives that support local economic growth, education, community health and workforce development. being part of our chamber of commerce is a commitment on your behalf to making a difference not only for your company but the community in which we serve.scott gant, first choice personneldavielife magazineas a member of the davie county chamber of commerce, we consider it to be a membership that truly makes a difference in our business. the partnership with the chamber has helped us to put together a publication that highlights all aspects of the community, but also work in partnership to support the ishopdavie initiative. we are proud to be chamber members and consider it a privilege to serve the davie county community.wendy horne, davielife magazinelintaylor marketing groupthe davie chamber is an important cornerstone for the business community in davie county. while we’re not located in the county we feel as though we are through the businesses we serve such as davielife magazine and davie county schools. we have also been honored to work with the chamber on a variety of projects and we’re grateful to everyone there who works so hard on behalf of the businesses and citizens of davie county.lin johnson, lintaylor marketing groupmy healthcare 360my three years as a member of the davie county chamber of commerce has been one of the best marketing investments that i have ever made. between the weekly networking meetings, the monthly membership meetings and new business ribbon cuttings, i have made more valuable connections than anything else that i have done for my business. if you ask me, membership in the davie chamber is a must for any business. thank you to the team for all that you do for the members!mel schlesinger, my healthcare 360chamberchampions
followfollowfollowfollowcities/townseconomic developmenttown of mocksvilletown of bermuda runtown of cooleemeecounty of daviecommunity resourcesdavie county blogdavielife magazinedavie county ymcacommunity foundationdavie county public librarydavie county enterprise recorddavie county arts councildavieworks.comdiscover davie countyeducationdavie county public schoolsdavidson-davie community collegecontact usprivacyterms of service© copyright 2024 | davie county chamber of commerce | all rights reserved | site by davielife/sum5 communications | login   

