




alaska glacier tours | wildlife cruises | whale watching in alaska














 




















welcome aboard!






 

 
enjoy a glacier/wildlife cruise from valdez 
	          
            alaska aboard the lu-lu belle, the limousine of prince william sound


i'm 
	          
	          captain fred and i'd like to invite you to experience alaska's wilderness, 
	          
	          whales, other wildlife, and prince william sound's majestic glaciers, valdez's busy harbor and 
	          
	          the terminus of the world famous trans alaska oil pipe line. i want 
	          
	          you to experience all this in comfort and luxury aboard our motor 
	          
	          yacht, lu-lu belle, alaska's most plush tour vessel!
 
lu-lu belle is not like other tour vessels you may have visited 
	          
	          and you'll recognize that as soon as you step aboard and see the 
	          
	          plush atmosphere of teak and mahogany set off with beautiful oriental 
	          
	          rugs. we take special care to assure your comfort and safety while 
	          
	          on lu-lu belle. we'll share with you our knowledge of alaska's prince 
	          
	          william sound and it's ecosystem, gained from 46 years of experience 
	          
	          on these waters. our groups are small so you can feel free to walk 
	          
	          about. be sure to ask me if you have a question! i'm at the helm 
	          
	          on every cruise and have been since 1979.
 
captain fred rodolf
	          m/v lu-lu belle
	          1-800-411-0090


 
 



book your 2025 columbia glacier, whale, and wildlife cruise departing from valdez alaska online today!


read what past visitors thought 
              
            about their trip aboard 
            the lu-lu belle in our guestbook.


 
 
 

 
 
 
 





book your alaska's columbia glacier, whale, and wildlife cruise online today!

home
contact us
book online
chapel of the sea
glacier & wildlife


our story 
our cruises
places to stay 
privacy policy
terms of service 



 
 
copyright â© 2002 - present lu-lu belle tours. all rights reserved. 
    all content on this web site is property of 
    lu-lu belle unless otherwise stated.
web site designed and hosted by
one eye design






