




 police lights led warning emergency strobe light bar


	home page


























follow
      us: 








































login
account
wishlist
basket







home
product finder
about us
contact us
track order
questions









categories











police lights led auto parts spoilers bulbs & accessories




led strobe lights




led light bars




beacon strobes




sirens and speakers




mini led light bar 




hide-a-way strobes




gear shift knobs 




hid bulbs ballast




parts  & accessories 




mesh billet grille




led light products




gaskets and material




head light harness




forklift  accessories




graphic decals/vinyl




oil filter wrench / plug




 




auto direct save is devoted to bringing you the best quality auto parts at wholesale prices! auto parts include spoilers, body kits, hoods, headlights, tail lights and more! we carry a large selection of police lights, strobe lights, warning light, sirens and lighting equipment. our prices are among the lowest around, we sell to everyone at wholesale! we ship quickly directly from california, usa!







police strobe lights & ems - we  carry a large selection of strobes for headlights, tail lights, back  decks, magnetic roof strobes and sirens with speakers with the all new  phaser sound.  we provide the greatest selection of police lights and  sounds for your car at the best prices. our products include led  headlight hide away strobes, mini lightbars, visor strobes, grille  strobes, and strobes for interior and exterior.
police sirens  - we  carry a large selection of polce sirens to be used for police and  emergency vehicles. high quality and the lowest prices on the market.






car wings & spoilers - high  wings, mid wings, and spoilers can give any car a more sporty look. all  of our wings and spoilers are brand new crafted from either high  quality fiberglass, polyurethane, or abs plastic. we also have aluminum  spoilers or factory style painted spoilers. buy a wing or spoiler today!
car headlights - our  high quality headlights will add a more custom look to your car! every  purchase comes with a set of 2 headlights. we carry headlight  projectors with halo available in clear lense or blue lense. we  have projector headlights available in carbon fiber, jdm black, and  chrome housing.  
car tail lights - we  carry tail lights for a broad selection of cars. we have led tail  lights, with red lense, smoke lense, black housing, or carbon fiber.  tail lights include altezza, euro, or jdm. the perfect way to modify  your car! easy to install within minutes on most vehicles. 
cat-back exhaust - why  buy an exhaust that only comes with a big sound when you can purchase  one here for power increase, performance increase, and overall looks as  well? all cat back exhaust come in the perfect size and tubing length.  mufflers are mirror polished.
mesh billet grille - customize  your vehicle with our wide selection of mesh body kit billet  grilles. we carry body kit aluminum mesh for customizing your kits. we  have a large selection of aluminum and stainless steel billet grilles.  we also carry custom made bmw stainless steel mesh grille kits for 3  series, 5 series, 7 series, 850 and the z4.  buy your new mesh billet  grille today!
hid bulbs ballast - hid  bulbs d2s d2r d1s d1r d4r d4s 4300k 6000k 8000k at great prices! name  brand hid bulbs including nokya, luminics, pure blue, philips, osram,  hid replacement bulbs and ballasts. we also carry a lincoln  mark viii hid replacement kit.  buy your hid bulbs today!
led light products - led  light accessories, led strobes, leds with resistors and wires attached,  led neon tubes, led motorcycle lighting pods, and many more! buy yours  today! light your vehicle at night and grab some attention! 
gear shift knobs -  gear  shift knobs for automatic transmission or manual transmission. aluminum  shift knobs in every color including burlwood, chrome, leather, and  carbon fiber. high quality shift knobs will optimize your interior and  make your automatic shift knob look like a manual shift knob.  
under car lights - advanced  led undercar lighting kit available! great way to make your car stand  out using a wireless remote. we also have windshield washer lights for  the hood of your car. available are the ufo undercar light, seven color  led under car light, multi color undercar light, or single color  undercar light.
carbon fiber interior - comes in carbon fiber vinyl or burlwood vinyl by avery. excellent for  interior and exterior use! hayme real carbon fiber material. apply to  spoilers, dash boards, bezels, etc. get yours today!
auto accessories - includes  cigarette lighter adaptor, basic 12v switch, remote control, wireless  switch, 4 channel, 6 function switch box, led flashers, sho me flasher,  control boxes. 
wire harness - harness  with or without relay! male and female harness. buy h11, h1, h3, h4, h8,  h9, 9004, 9005, 9006, 9005xs, 9006 xs, 9007 light bulbs   and more!
graphic decals -  huge  selection between hundreds of different decal designs! including  magnetic, stick on decals, and stick on gauge bezels, and more!
suv truck accessories - suv truck accessories includes accessories such as shift knobs, steering wheels, bolts, trim pieces and more! cccessories that can change the look of your car!
performance parts - include coil overs, turbo timers, performace air filters which add performance to your engine! 









home about us search links directory
  © copyright 2009 auto direct save ... all rights reserved.













