










huntsville rv park | camping lake livingston | bethy creek resort

























































call toll free
800-537-6251



make your reservation
book online








facilities
r/v sites
lodging
boat rental
rates
events
gallery
contact














 
























water front rv sites
come enjoy the best in texas rv parks at bethy creek with beautiful waterfront sites, a peaceful atmosphere, and a host of great amenities, the texas rv parks at bethy creek are the perfect way to explore the north end of lake livingston

reserve a rv site online










boat rental & storage
lake livingston boat rentals & boat storage looking for a boat to rent in lake livingston? well you have come to the right place. rent one of our 60 hp fully rigged 22′ party boats.

boat rental & storage




















great reasons to
visit bethy creek
your texas vacation at lake livingston is sure to be an enjoyable family adventure when you come to bethy creek resort








lodging
unlike traditional lake livingston hotels, we offer spacious lakefront cabin units that let you enjoy the beauty of lake livingston in a truly rustic, charming setting.








camping & rv
bethy creek has 30 and 50 amp rv sites with all utilities, picnic tables, grills, wifi, and plenty of trees to keep you shaded on those hot summer days.










boat rentals
looking for a boat to rent in lake livingston? well you have come to the right place. rent one of our 25 hp fully rigged 18' pontoon boats that will seat the whole family. we also offer canoe’s, kayaks and pedal boats for those of you that prefer a paddle instead of a motor. few more wording required to make all same size boxes















specials
your texas vacation at lake livingston is sure to be an enjoyable family adventure when you come to bethy creek resort

make your reservation
book online





















we invite you to explore the north end of lake livingston
we invite you to explore the north end of lake livingston in huntsville texas. fish from one of our rental pontoon boats or from our fishing pier , catch bass, crappie, and catfish.
overlooking and only a stones throw from lake livingston are our spacious fully equipped waterfront lodging facilities. your lake livingston waterfront lodging home away from home has air conditioning, heating, two queen beds, full kitchen, full bath, color cable tv,wifi, and we provide all linens, towels, cookware and utensils. our waterfront lodging is a great way to spend time on lake livingston in comfort at an affordable price for you and the whole family.
other facilities and attractions for your waterfront enjoyment at bethy creek include pontoon boats, pedal boats and canoe rentals. we also have boat slips, fishing pier and a nice sandy swimming beach on lake livingston for all our waterfront lodging and rv customers. we have a 1500 square foot pavilion for family reunions and groups to get together. we also offer secured monthly boat storage for our customers wishing to leave their boat at lake livingston. daily, weekly or monthly rates are available for waterfront lodging and rv customers. reservations are honored at bethy creek resort.









recent blog posts









								shaping waters: the creation and legacy of lake livingston, texas							

lake livingston, one of the largest lakes in texas, boasts a rich history intertwined with the development and growth of the region. created primarily for municipal and industrial water supply purposes, the lake also serves as a recreational destination for fishing,...
read more





								discovering the essence of valor: a day at the h.e.a.r.t.s. veterans museum in huntsville, texas							

huntsville, texas, is not just another pin on the map. this quaint town is home to rich history, incredible landmarks, and warm hospitality. among its many treasures is the h.e.a.r.t.s. veterans museum, an institution that serves as a tribute to those who have donned...
read more





								exploring the depths of history: a visit to the texas prison museum in huntsville							

if you're planning a visit to huntsville, texas, you'll find that this quaint town offers more than meets the eye. from the sam houston memorial museum to the huntsville state park, there's no shortage of attractions for nature enthusiasts and history buffs alike. but...
read more





view more



 































all rights reserved. © 2024.
bethy creek resort lake livingston, tx.
136 shorewood dr huntsville, tx 77320
voice: (936) 594-2511
toll free: (800) 537-6251
fax: (936) 594-2512
email: info@bethycreek.com
family owned and operated –
your hosts – randell, sayrah & randell vincent jr.
design & developed by enet technologies.



quick link


home
blog
our facilities
lodging
our rates / policies
boat rental & storage
our events
photo gallery






r/v sites
lake livingston fishing tours
waterfront cabins
huntsville camping
book a reservation
links
contact us


follow us on facebook









 

























