

















abyssmedia — multimedia solutions and developer tools



















toggle navigation











products


download


purchase


guides


support































vocal removal and isolation
unleash the power of ai-driven vocal separation and extraction software.
		with ai-powered vocal separation, you can surgically extract the human voice from complex audio mixes, 
                allowing you to remove, edit, enhance, or even completely replace the vocals with unprecedented precision.
		
 more 






capture streaming audio
complete guide to record streaming audio from any web site.
		comparison of two streaming audio recorders.
		how to use the recording scheduler and smart splitter.
		
 more 






detect the key and bpm of any audio track
high performance music information retrieval tool for windows.
	      quickly find the key and bpm of your entire library to find compatible tracks for your mashups.
more 






compile vbs to exe
how to quickly convert your vbscript or javascript into executable files to protect source code from prying eyes.
more 






mp3 key changer
this handy app makes it easy for you to transpose your music to a different key while keeping the tempo the same.
more 






convert midi to mp3
save your time when converting midi to mp3. midirenderer processes midi files 100x faster than real-time.
more 






record audio from web browser
no matter which web browser you use - chrome, edge, ie or firefox. 
              you can always record music from the browser using streaming audio recorder.
more 

















i-sound recorder


multifunctional audio recorder that allows you to record audio from different sources with excellent quality.


 download
 read more









multi-channel sound recorder


fully functional audio logger for windows that supports recording up to 32 channels on a single computer.


 download
 read more









wavecut audio editor


lightweight visual audio editor with a mdi interface, allowing you to perform most operations without delay.


 download
 read more











audioretoucher


stand-alone digital signal processor that allows you to change the speed, tempo and key of the musical composition in real time.


 download
 read more









scriptcryptor compiler


compiler for scripting languages, such as javascript and vbscript. it is fully compatible with wsh and supports wscript object.


 download
 read more









quick batch file compiler


true compiler for bat and cmd files that supports multiple execution modes, x86 and x64 architectures, embedded resources.


 download
 read more










what our users are saying



i am an amateur musician and didn't want to spend money on professional software. media pack includes everything i needed and more than covers my needs. it's a great kit for working with vocals. the included instruments allow you to sing with a mouse in one hand and a microphone in the other.

robyn ballard




i have used probably over a dozen recorder programs, all purchased , no freebies, over the years. the simplistic approach, no frills program, no bells and whistles, just a skin change if you desire, and it works every time you turn it on to record. the recording (in stereo) is perfect. yours is a program i'm hanging on to for awhile! thanks again...

william greenwood




when i was instructed to install recording equipment for our radio station, i didn't know where to begin. we are a non-profit radio station and the proposed solutions did not fit into our budget.  mcrs solved all our problems, because it works perfectly on the existing computer and is not worse than tape recorders.

stacy pearson












 news

23 jan 2025 mcrs 4.6.0.9 has been released06 dec 2024 midirenderer 4.4.0.0 has been released29 nov 2024 video converter plus 3.0.1.0 has been released25 nov 2024 vocalrip ai 1.2.1.0 has been released19 nov 2024 free video to mp3 converter 3.4.0.0 has been released



 popular articles

change the pitch of the song on the fly
audio speed changer
how to download music from iheartradio
three ways to rip music from any website
free bpm finder for mp3 music
how to hear line-in through the speakers
how to capture audio from several microphones
record sirius radio with scheduler effortlessly
popular wav recorder for windows review



 recent guides

is it time to switch from aiff to flac?
converting opus to mp3 is a breeze.
how to add flac files to itunes quickly
how to merge mp3 files in jig time
saving songs from spotify in flac format
few ways to shrink the size of a flac file
how to download music from qobuz
convert dsd to flac without losing quality
how to insert silence into audio file













about
privacy policy
cookies
terms & conditions



facebook


twitter


youtube


instagram


pinterest


rss feed



© 2001-2025 abyssmedia. all rights reserved.












