spiritual space clearing w/ joey korn | walter russell books         storewalter russell booksjoey’s bookdowsing books & toolsabe’s story: a holocaust memoir (joey’s dad)kabbalah booksview cartspiritual space clearingexploring subtle energies with joey korn  search for:   searchhomeaboutremote space clearing servicesretreatsarticlesvideoscontact   meet joey and jillupcoming florida retreatsmy spiritual space clearing begins with you and extends to your home and family. we want our energy patterns to be clear, balanced, and beneficial, but most have some imbalances, often caused by energy problems in our homes. joey delivers a system to connect his home directly to the energies in your home. no matter where you live, he can explore the subtle energies of your home remotely and make appropriate changes to improve your life and the lives of your loved ones.what is remote space clearing? spiritual space clearing updatesthe most common causes of energy problems in homes, and their effects on peoplethis is the most i’ve ever written about the two primary causes of intense energy problems, including paranormal activity, that i find in homes: interference energy and earthbound spirits. it’s all about  energy!  i explain how i clear the energies and stop the paranormal activity, and/or any other problems it may be causing. as of september 2021, i can now teach you to remove interference energy quite easily yourself.… read more here... joey & jill’s first florida retreat in the nature coast of floridajoey & jill korn’s nature coast retreatspiritual dowsing & the blessing process to transform your liferetreat days-april 5-10 with optional pleasure days-april 10-12 crystal river, fl join us for our first retreat since we moved to crystal river florida. we’ll have transformation teaching mixed with lots of pleasure. click here to learn more.… read more here... a global silent pandemic and how to clear it with joey korn:  do your own energy clearing & space clearing the easy way!this video is still available.  i presented this transition talk on january 28th, 2023, at the arlington institute, in berkeley springs, wv. i can give you access to this 2 1/2-hour presentation, that literally has the potential change your life and the lives of your loved ones. no hype!  this is real! once you have access, you can save it and have permanent access to it.… read more here... we are energy beings, living in a world of energy, and we change the energies within and around us with our changing focus of thought and emotion.we are energy beings, living in a world or universe of energy, and we’re changing the world of energy with every changing focus of thought and emotion.  we can learn to take charge of this process and create energy environments, within and around us,  that support what we want to bring into our lives, rather than what we don’t want.  this is the main point i try to make in all my teachings. … read more here... 123›»video interview – spiritual dowsing and the blessing process with joey korn part 2dvds & books explore dvds  learn more walter russell books   “your philosophy of energy, dowsing and
healing resonated with me far more than the
ideas of almost anyone else i’ve listened to.  your approach is a happy blend of quantum
physics and sound spiritual teachings born of
experience.” horacespiritual space clearing with joey korn learn more check out the dowsers.com storecontact usdowsers.comjill and joey korn  phone/fax: 1-706-733-0204 contact us privacy policyterms of servicedowsers.com storestorewalter russell booksjoey’s bookdowsing books & toolsabe’s story: a holocaust memoir (joey’s dad)kabbalah booksview cartfree dowsing giftsget access to joey korn's audio interviews, "the two lights of the soul," and "change your energies and change your life," free for joining. plus get chapter 15 of the new book, dowsing: a path to enlightenmentsign up now copyright © 1997-2025 dowsers.com and joey korn.homeaboutremote space clearing servicesretreatsarticlesvideoscontact homeaboutremote space clearing servicesretreatsarticlesvideoscontact  


