












interstyle glass tiles












































































1-800-667-1566
contact
account
track order
technical





skip to navigation
skip to content

 
news

primary menu
colors

interstyle 240
ocean 28
glassbrick


mural mosaic

mural mosaic
convert your idea to mosaic


bespoke

colors
sizes
finishes & textures
assemblies & patterns
pool & spa
trim options
glass tile planner
gradient planner


in stock

ocean – 1″x1″
glassbrick
in stock
clear glass


gallery

inspirations
pool & spa
case studies
public art


samples

240 card set
240 swatches
ocean swatches
pool & spa color book
glass brick


 




search for:



 



usd 0.00 0 items



 













a masterpiece in glass tile
capstan station: over 3,500 custom-glazed tiles bring howie tsui’s vision to life, spanning 3,600 sq ft of artistry.
check it out!



elevate your design. get inspired!
explore our interstyle 240 color collection and bring your vision to life.
get your sample today



summer blues. re-imagined!
dive into timeless elegance with our 2×6 blue glass tiles – perfect for your dream pool.
get design consultation



mural art mosaic
turn any design into a stunning mosaic creation.
240 colors!


❮❯



get inspiredrequest custom renderingorder samples

the original modern glass tilesince 1977

poolshore lanecommercialyork theatreresidentialdallas bathroommosaicphoenix children’s hospital
pool inspiration

read latest news!now on material bank!pool & spa bookorder here!


committed to a healthy environment
interstyle is taking significant long-term action to ensure that we have a minimal effect on the environment both pre and post production. we are constantly evaluating all stages of our manufacturing processes, minimizing waste, reusing and recycling materials wherever possible while enacting energy conservation best practices.
we are committed to crafting the highest quality products that are made in north america and to working with our employees to develop a sustainable and enjoyable working environment.innovation is at the core of everything that we do and remains a key driver of our success. as a truly environmentally responsible product, glass is 100% recyclable and can be recycled endlessly without losing its quality or purity. it is made from readily-available domestic materials, such as sand, soda ash, limestone and “cullet” the industry term for furnace-ready recycled glass.
we would love for you to visit interstyle and see for yourself what we do. just call to set-up a tour.
artisan | makerour story









aboutour story
why interstyle?
contact
earthenglass
 

resourcestechnical
care and maintenance
track order
training
how to order
samples
 

terms & conditionsglass tile terms & conditions
website terms of service and privacy policy
warranties
 

subscribe to our newsletter




let's keep in touch 





 





follow usnews
pinterest
facebook
twitter
instagram



this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

note: the digital images we display have the most accurate color possible. however, due to differences in computer monitors, there may be variations in color between the actual product and your screen.
 


        copyright © 2025 interstyle glass tiles    



my account 

search 

search for:

search


 


cart				0

















 


















this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok




