




 


palm springs front runners & walkers - home



 







log in












 











home




running




walking




cycling




social




events




shop




pride 5k




club info



welcome




membership




founders




bylaws




board meeting minutes




contact us















welcome! 
palm springs front runners & walkers is a running and walking club for members and friends of the lgbtq+ community in the coachella valley. we are a local chapter of international front runners, an informal network of lgbtq+ running groups around the world. membership is open to everyone without regard to ability, ethnicity, gender, or sexual orientation. join us for our daily runs and walks!

in addition to running and walking we host and participate in athletic and social events throughout the year. as a non-profit organization and member of the desert business association (dba), we are conscientious about giving back to our community. each year we host the annual palm springs pride run and walk during pride weekend. proceeds from this annual event benefit local organizations providing vital services to the coachella valley.
through our shared interests we work toward our club objectives of fitness, fundraising, and friendship.
psfr&w is a member of road runners club of america, dedicated to the development of community-based running clubs and events that serve runners of all ages and abilities in pursuit of health and competition.








running
runners of all ages and abilities meet on sunday, tuesday, thursday, and saturday for runs between 5-8 miles. visit our running page to learn more.



walking
walkers of all ages and abilities meet daily monday-saturday for walks between 2-3 miles. visit our walking page to learn more. 

 
membership
there is no cost to join our running and walking activities. for regular participants over 21 we encourage you to consider an annual membership to help offset costs of running the club. visit our membership page for more information.
 









recent news



lgbtq center of the desert sends thanks

march 18, 2024 1:42 pm


anonymous member



mizell center sends their thanks

december 17, 2023 11:12 am


anonymous member



save the date: november 2, 2024 pride 5k run & walk

december 14, 2023 1:56 pm


anonymous member





upcoming events



run from downtown park (session 20 of 30)

february 16, 2025 7:30 am
•
downtown park at museum way @ n belardo road



walk from sunrise park (session 11 of 63)

february 17, 2025 8:00 am
•
mizell center parking lot at ramon road @ s sunrise way



run from koffi (north) (session 21 of 31)

february 18, 2025 7:30 am
•
parking lot behind koffi (north) at belardo road & w chino drive





featured member





  









palm springs front runners & walkers po box 2184 palm springs ca 92263privacy policy • cookie policy

















powered by wild apricot membership software







