























please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility













hotel on big bear lake ca | big bear frontier































 




 
















 1-909-866-5888


 free wifi


 official website




















cabins 
rooms 
pets 
amenities 
discover big bear 
dining 
big bear skiing 
big bear village 
fishing & boating 
village theater 
big bear lake convention center 


deals 
gallery 
events 
weather 
blog 

book today















welcome to big bear frontier



   

whether you’re looking for places to stay in big bear, planning a big bear vacation, or want to stay on or near big bear lake, our cozy cabins and lodge rooms at our hotel on big bear lake are sure to delight. come see for yourself why big bear, california is a favorite vacation destination. nestled among the giant pines, our comfortably shaded resort stretches from big bear boulevard to the water’s edge of the lake. our guests enjoy sandy beaches, grassy knolls, and the soothing sounds of a natural stream that flows through big bear frontier into big bear lake.
your home away from home in big bear



content blocks
	300 feet of lakefront property
big bear frontier features comfortable lodgings and cabins that are well-equipped with thoughtful amenities to ensure that your big bear vacation is pleasant and worry-free. our big bear vacation rentals all feature access to private beaches, fishing, heated pool, soothing hot tub, barbecue facilities, horseshoes, ping pong, basketball court and more. big bear frontier also offers free wi-fi, covering the entire property – accessible in each cabin and lodge room! 
 explore our property

	pet-friendly & fun for the whole family
experience a true mountain vacation on our stunning lakefront resort while staying at our pet-friendly hotel on big bear lake. adjacent to the san bernardino national forest, you are minutes from exploring nature’s wonderful gifts. alternatively, if you prefer the shops and restaurants, the village of big bear is equally as close.
with most everything in walking distance, you and your family can go bowling for a little family fun or head on over to the nearby movie theaters and catch the newest release.
 view pet policies


		walk to the village and magic mountain
take your family on an exciting day trip to either of these must-see attractions when you stay at our conveniently located big bear hotel. your comfortable accommodations are within 2 city blocks of tons of rides and games at big bear lake village including a year-round alpine slide or their 18-hole mini putt course. fun and adventure await your arrival when you visit the delightful community of big bear lake. 
 visit big bear village


	2 miles from the ski slopes
our hotel is just steps from big bear lake, and many more attractions as well:

2 miles from beautiful ski slopes
bear mountain and snow summit ski resorts
the alpine slide and snow play
moonridge zoo


hiking and off-road trails
san bernardino national forest
bobsledding, boating, tubing, parasailing
5000 square foot ice skating rink

looking for ski and snowboard rentals or reduced lift tickets? head over to getboards.com!
 plan a ski trip
a big bear vacation for any season
enthusiasts of summer, winter, spring or fall will find big bear frontier to be the premier big bear vacation destination. access some of the best hiking and biking trails in southern california or fish right off our beach. moor your watercraft or rent one at any of the close by marinas. enjoy some of the best water sports big bear lake has to offer, or just relax and soak up the scenery! – take advantage of all this and more when you stay at our hotel in big bear lake. lodging in big bear during the winter? our big bear vacation rentals are just moments from the best skiing in big bear, california.

before you travel
did you know…. it is a california law that all passenger vehicles must carry chains in the mountain regions during the winter months. before you travel, be sure to stay safe check our highway road conditions.
check the highway 18, 38 and 330 road conditions.
there's a lot of fun for you and your family to be had here at big bear lake. make the most of it and stay with us at big bear frontier where you'll find the accommodations and hospitality to be above the rest.

book now












 






 


join our email list and be the first to know about our deals!

* indicates required

email address *  

first name  

last name  


						 

						 

 























scenic lakefront views across the entire property. 




pet-friendly & welcoming to all members of your family.




newly-renovated cabins & guest lodge rooms.

























big bear frontier 


 40472 big bear blvd, 92315 big bear lake, california (united states)


tel.:1-909-866-5888
email









sitemap 
reviews 
policies 
privacy policy 
accessibility 
location 
cookie preferences



facebook
twitter
instagram
tripadvisor







made with  by bookassist





homecabinsroomsbook today












































