






law firm in moncton, fredericton & st. johns | personal injury lawyers - canadian law understood





















































 
law firm in moncton, fredericton & st. johns | personal injury lawyers


canadian law understood

this content shows simple view

this content shows simple view


how does insurance premium work?

posted on october 18, 2021 9:23 am by editor 

introduction 
in simple terms, insurance premium financing is a loan that an individual or a company takes from a financing company. the amount paid is to an insurance company to keep the companies or individual’s policy active. the funds will deposit to the insurance company’s account, and the financing company bills you monthly or yearly, depending on your agreements. in the article below, i have discussed how insurance premium financing works, aiming to enlighten you if you consider engaging in the practice.  
requirements for premium financing 
to answer the question, how does insurance premium financing work?  it starts with addressing the requirements for one to engage in the activity. there are many premium financing companies globally, and the condition might vary from one company to another. generally, the company will require you to provide them with identity verification documents, tax compliance certificates, other lenders’ clearance certificates (proof that they can trust you to repay the insurance loan), evidence of assets, and particular net worth. they will then use these documents to decide on whether to grant you the loan and finance your premium insurance or not. 
assessing risks and loan crediting 
insurance financing companies do consider various risks before granting an applicant the loan. these risks include but are certainly not limited to: 
defaulting-you may not be able to repay the loan within the agreed conditions. therefore, you risk losing not only losing the premium financing but also losing your assets. financing companies, therefore, consider this risk before granting you the loan. loan rating- you may have defaulted in paying other loans elsewhere and think that it will never haunt you. you’re mistaken. insurance premium financing companies require a specific rating from a person before granting them their wish. so first, clear defaulted loans before visiting insurance financing companies for loans. 
how does insurance premium financing work with collateral risk? with most financing institutions, deaths are 100% collateralized. however, the value of assets given by the requester must satisfy collateral. calculating the importance of these assets may vary from company to company and may be influenced by different economic conditions. other risks- there are many other risks involved, such as settlement risk and credit spread risk. 
once finance institutions are satisfied with these risks, they will credit the loan to finance your premium insurance. 
repayment of the loan 
so now you are lucky that your insurance premium financing is successful, don’t celebrate for too long. have a plan and make arrangements to repay the loan within the agreed framework and concerning the agreed terms and conditions. you should avoid defaulting at all costs since it will lead you to lose the finance, and the financing company will confiscate your assets. one last thing, you won’t make payments to the insurance premium company but to the company that financed your insurance, the lender. so now you have an answer to the question how does insurance premium financing work, and you can feel safe to start initiating the process at your discretion. 
conclusion 
financing your premium insurance can be good, especially if you don’t have the resources for a one-time payment to the insurance company. however, before venturing into it, consider carefully going through the above article to be enlightened and think if you are ready for it. 
best insurance solutions




categories:
uncategorized


tags:
insurance solutionsrisk





the operations of a pawn shop

posted on december 23, 2020 11:20 am by editor 

have you been to a pawn shop before? if not, then this article will answer some of your questions regarding what they are and what they offer.  
pawnshops are important to many communities in the role they play as they offer easy ways of conveniently borrowing small sums of money. they make their money through sales of retail items, provision of personal loans, and other auxiliary services like cellphone activation, and money transfers value pawn. 
in their business operations, they aim at generating profit margins between 15% and 25%. 
basic operation models of a pawn shop 
they provide a loan to their customers who surrender the custody of their items which is further used as collateral for the loan.  
the interest rate charged is quite high than many commercial banks due to the high risk that may occur from loan defaulting.  
the customer is always forced to forfeit the collateral property in case of failure to pay the full loan plus its interest. 
what do pawn shops offer? 
personal lending services 
individuals who surrender the custody of an item are always liable for loaning by the pawnshops. some of the items accepted as collateral are television sets, computers, radios, and at times a house in case of a larger credit benefit. 
after valuing the property, the loan offered is based on the item value and at times, the creditability of the pawnshop at the moment of lending. the interest rates are always high at pawn shops due to high cases of loan default. their loan installment repayment is on monthly basis. in any case, pawn shops are always willing to extend the loan repayment period as long as the interest is paid for that month.  
their lending is always between 25% and 50% of the estimated resale of the pledged item for collateral. 
pawn shops also help in reselling 
merchandise for sales in a pawn shop is from the pledged items from the customers who defaulted repaying their loans. they offer more money to purchase items than they do to lending against the item. so it would be cheaper to purchase an item from a pawn shop since the shopper is likely to get a larger profit margin for the customer may have paid part of the loan. 
they offer some auxiliary services too 
through this, they experience a lot of profit because they offer some services offered by shops at a fee. the auxiliary services offered are not limited to cellphone activation, check cashing, money transfer services like western union, and others like bill payment. some also offer locations for shipping for fedex or ups. 
how do pawn shops help? 
they are a financial lifeline to many  
these shops are popular particularly for people who are not within the financial mainstream. because many households are probably are unbanked, the services offered to these families such as title loans, check cashing and payday loans go a great deal in providing a lifeline to every day’s financial transactions. 
they provide attractive low debt risk loans that do not require many financial regulations as other banks demand.  
one can pawn almost everything 
many people think of pawning almost everything when they are in a cash crunch. this may not be limited to gold and guns which are seen commonly in many such shops. not every store may be able to acquire everything you may be offering, different stores specialize in different types of items. you may find at times, items from obsolete electronics and their accessories stored differently from the rest.  




categories:
pawn shop


tags:
loanpawn shop





why a great lawyer can save you money

posted on april 2, 2019 3:50 pm by editor 

when you need a car accident lawyer
car accidents are frequent, and you will need a car accident lawyer if you incur any losses that require compensation after an accident.  the person will help you to get compensation for medical expenses, car repair, and lost wages.  in cases of reckless driving or driving under the influence, an accident lawyer can help to find compensation for the death of a loved one.
the right time to hiring a car accident lawyer
establishing negligence by another driver as the cause of an accident is the starting point to get compensation.  sometimes it can be challenging to identify negligence. investigation to establish negligence might become necessary if drivers contest liability after a car accident. you should hire an accident attorney soon after a motor vehicle accident. the law allows victims of an accident to recover financial compensation for severe injuries and damage to the cars and other property. the payment can only take place if the claimant that the cause of an accident was legal negligence by someone else.
always hire an accident lawyer shortly after an accident helps to avoid costly mistakes that might diminish the credibility of a claim and might affect chances of compensation. starting negotiations with an insurance company, the lawyer or another driver or anybody else might cause you to admit fault involuntarily.  insurance companies also need to make profits hence train their adjusters to make the claims look illegitimate or minimize the payout. 
a car accident lawyer also helps you to file claims for personal injury within the deadline even when you are incapacitated.

what should you look for in a car accident lawyer?
the duties of auto accident lawyers cover a wide range of issues that stem from personal injury, property destruction, wrongful death, and determination if liability. it is essential to focus on these aspects when searching for a good lawyer to deal with your auto accident claim.

skill level
commitment
experience
convenience of location
service fee

 different states have differences in the ajc claims law. an attorney handling such cases should be knowledgeable about the transportation laws in the state where an accident occurred and also those that guide national transportation. these laws form a basis of preparing as well as settling a case with the health care and insurance companies. it is also essential to determine the background, track record, and references of a lawyer before any engagement with a lawyer. you need to work with someone who has been winning cases and is likely to get compensation for you or show that you were not liable for an accident.
 a good accident lawyer will accept on a contingency (no win no fee) basis. such lawyers take up cases that they feel have merit as winning is the only way to earn.
for more information: https://cantiniinjurylaw.ca/offices/lawyers-in-saint-john/




categories:
uncategorized





advantages and disadvantages of life insurance

posted on may 25, 2018 10:05 am by editor 

travel insurance
you really need travel insurance because at times your travelling can turn into a nightmare.accidents, losing your luggage, illness and your flights being cancelled are some of the reasons for the need of an insurance cover. if you get to acquire one travel cover you will have saved some thousands of shillings and you get to enjoy travelling peacefully.
international tarvel insurance could also be described as an insurance policy that will provide to you 24 hours emergency medical help.as you may know this insurance policy is not a general health insurance policy. the user is intended to use the cover in the event of a sudden illness or accident if occurred when the insurer has gone out of the country.
there is specialty assistance which must be contacted as soon as the need arises. if the insured is dying or has been involved in an accident, or has been admitted in the hospital. the company is usually not liable for any cost if there has not been an express further approval of specialty assistance. the travel policy comes with the following benefits

all the emergency and medical related expenses are all sorted
you are provided with a personal accident cover.
there is a reimbursement of reasonable expenses which have been incurred following the travel delays
there is a

reimbursement of a personal accident cover and the accommodation expenses which have been incurred in the event of cancellation of a trip that has been insured

travel insurance could also be arranged as you are booking your trip so that it can cover the exact time you will be on that trip. there is a multi-policy that covers a unlimited number of trips within a certain duration of time. some policies may offer both lower and higher medical expenses as an option. the higher options are for those countries that have high medical costs for example the united states.
there are still some credit cards which offer an automatic travel insurance if at all the travel arrangements are also paid for using the credit cards. although these policies are mostly generic and a lot of care is taken into consideration. also there are so many insurance policies that are readily available in the market place and you need to be very cautious at what events are being covered by each type of policy, what it excludes, and the limits applied besides any other issues.
some travel policies provides some additional costs for some covers although they may vary in wide between the providers. if your luggage has been stolen or lost in the airline the insurance company will do an investigation first because this is something that happens a lot in travels.




categories:
vehicle insurance


tags:
travel insurancetravel policies





checkout type of insurance cover and how can we get this

posted on may 24, 2018 9:00 am by editor 

what is vehicle insurance and how it is important
auto insurance
vehicle insurance covers all the cars motorcycles and the trucks on the road. it provides with a financial protection against anybody damage and bodily injury. vehicle insurance may also offer protection against theft or against the damage the car may have sustained in traffic, weather or natural disasters.
public policies
in many jurisdictions it is a must to have vehicle insurance before a vehicle hits the road after it has been purchased. most state that both the user and the car must bear the insurance although it may vary greatly.
coverage levels
a vehicle insurance company may cover some of the following items

the medical payments for the insured party
if the property damaged has been caused by the insured
any physical damage to the insured vehicle. if the third party car has been damaged
if the third party car has been stolen or caught fire
the cost to rent a vehicle which does not belong to you
the cost to tow the car that has been damaged to the repair facility
also accidents that involve uninsured motorists

when a vehicle has been declared a total loss and the market value on which it was purchased is less than the amount still owed to the bank that deals with financing the car then gap insurance may be need to cover the difference. this gap insurance is usually offered by the finance company when you are purchasing the car.

excess
this is a fixed contribution which is a must to be paid each time a car is repaired, mostly the charges are made to the repair ‘garage’this is where the vehicles are taken for repair or servicing accidental death and dismemberment then the insurance company deducts the excess payment from the other person’s insurance company.
premium charges
the insurance charges may either be authorized by the government or by the go to insurance company. note that the address of the car owner can affect the premiums for example areas with high crime rates will lead to higher costs of insurance. age may also affect the premiums as teenage drivers who have no driving record have higher car insurance premiums. however the young drivers may be offered discounts if they go for further driving lessons. survey has shown that married drivers cause few accidents than the rest, so the policy owners who are married will get lower premiums than the single people
repair insurance
this is kind of an extension of a car insurance which covers the natural wear and tear of a car; many drivers will opt to buy this insurance as a means of protection against costly breakdowns.




categories:
vehicle insurance


tags:
vehicle insurancevehicle insurance covervehicle insurance planvehicle insurance plans





best reads on travel insurance from nyt bestsellers

posted on may 23, 2018 9:05 am by editor 

how to get advantage of auto insurance covers for financial protectionauto insurance
this is mainly the vehicle insurance also known as car insurance or motor insurance. it?s the  covering cars, trucks and motorcycles. its main use is to provide the financial protection against any physical damage which is as a result of traffic collisions, and against any liability that could occur in vehicle incidences.
it could also offer financial protection when your vehicle is stolen and also against any damage to the vehicle. if the vehicle sustains damage as a result of weather any natural disaster
public policies
it is a must to have a vehicle insurance  cover before having any vehicle on the road .this is both to the vehicle and to the user although sometimes the degree of each may vary. several jurisdictions have experimented with as pay as you earn insurance plan which will need to install a tracking device to your vehicle
third party insurance
this is linked when you are having your car registered. and should be transferred when a car is sold. this covers the vehicle or any person who drives it against claims for liability in respect to death or has injured the people due to the damaged car. this covers the third party in repairing cost of the vehicle. or any damage that may be caused as a result of the accident.it includes any type of physical damage or damage to property. 

coverage levelthe vehicle insurance may cover some of the following items

medical payments for the insured party
the property that has been damaged by the insured person
the physical damage of the insured vehicle
if the third party car has been stolen
if the third party vehicle has been damaged or bodily injured
coverage for those people riding in an insured vehicle
the cost to rent another vehicle if yours has been damaged
the cost to tow your vehicle as it is taken to a repair facility
accidents that are involving uninsured motorists


a vehicle could be insured against fire damage, theft, or accident independently  when a vehicle has been declared a total loss and its market value is less than the amount owed to the bank financing the vehicle, gap insurance may cover that difference. gap insurance is often offered by the finance company once the car is being purchased
excess
there is an excess payment which is known as the deductible and is afield contribution that has to be paid every time car is being repaired. this payment is made directly to the accident repair garage. a garage is where the vehicle is taken for repair once it?s damaged. if your car is declared a write off meaning it can no longer get on the road then the insurance company deducts the settlement payments it makes to the owner.





categories:
vehicle insurance


tags:
travel insurancevehicle insurance







about this site this may be a good place to introduce yourself and your site or include some credits.

 




©2025 law firm in moncton, fredericton & st. johns | personal injury lawyers entries (rss) and comments (rss)  enough theme      














top









