






adlink | spectrum reach















































one la media partner. every screen.
the home of the lakers, dodgers, and spectrum news 1. countless opportunities for large brands and agency partners to reach targeted audiences on every screen.
let’s make advanced advertising easy


 



transact how you want.
we’re the largest streaming aggregator in southern california—with managed service and self-service programmatic.
it’s your choice


 



exclusive traditional and streaming tv access to socal’s favorite content.

get exclusive access


 



we are a connectivity company.
reach anyone, anywhere in la, on any screen.

3.8m+ video and internet subscribers in la
88 networks and 450+ streaming networks and publishers

connect with los angeles


 
 

previous


next










leverage the power of adlink.




we connect brands to 98% of households across screens in the la market. get unrivaled aggregation with more than 88 networks and 450 content partners across platforms. and we offer exclusive access to the spectrum tv app, the most viewed streaming service in the country on an hours-per-household basis.1
play video to learn more about adlink
















spectrum owned & operated apps












network partner & affiliate apps













streaming services













amazon ads collaboration
through a collaboration with amazon ads, we’re able to provide advertisers with a unique blend of inventory, data analytics, and la market expertise.





amazon owned











amazon publisher direct





















reach audiences on these devices

























try to find a better advertising partner in la.
we dare you!









exclusive access to align your brand with the lakers, sparks, and more.
access great sports





your ads + the dodgers—exclusively with adlink.
go dodger blue





advertise next to trusted community faces with 24/7 local la news that includes unbiased, hyper-local content.
get hyper-local









insight-driven advertising solutions for your business.







discover the full spectrum of adlink.





reach 98% of engaged la viewers.


gain access to 93% of all live, national sports events, plus hundreds of games on rsns.


access 450+ streaming networks and publishers, including the spectrum tv app and amazon ads.


get traditional tv and streaming addressability throughout the la footprint.


transact how you want—managed service, programmatic, or both.








data that paints the full picture.





unrivaled first-party data from over 30 million households.


leading third-party insights from 70+ data partners.


data-informed strategies to find and reach your audience and measure performance.


transparent reporting—24/7 access to streaming tv campaign reporting with 100% transparency.


unmatched audience attribution and campaign measurement.










your brand safety is our priority.





feel confident knowing your ads are only placed next to brand-safe, privacy compliant, secure content—across all screens.


tag certified against fraud.


tag certified against malware.


tag brand safety certified.


tag certified for transparency.









as national and as local as your audience.





a dedicated team of adlink employees on the ground in la.


backed by a leading isp and fortune 100 company.


multicultural solutions to engage all angelenos.


localized market research and buying capabilities.















access la’s premiere networks.
only with adlink.








the home of the lakers, sparks, and more.


3.3m households throughout la, san diego, las vegas, santa barbara, bakersfield, palm springs, and honolulu.


carried across spectrum, cox, u-verse tv, fios, directv, and comcast.


live streaming via the spectrum sportsnet app and online at spectrumsportsnet.com.


on air and in-game sponsorships.


get started with adlink









exclusive home of the dodgers


2.0 m spectrum sportsnet la households in the la dma.


2.6 m spectrum sportsnet la households outside of the la dma.


reach los angeles, santa barbara, bakersfield, and palm springs.


carried across spectrum, directv, and u-verse tv.


on air and in-game sponsorships.


get started with adlink









align your brand with trusted community faces on 24/7 local la news.


1.7 mm spectrum news 1 households in the la dma.


target your customers right in their neighborhoods with precise geo-targeting.


position your business with community-oriented content and sponsorship opportunities.


spectrum subscribers see spectrum news 1 first when they turn on their tv.


live streaming via the spectrum tv app.


get started with adlink











adlink: la’s first and best.
adlink was the first advertising aggregator. now, we’re la’s premier media partner.
in 1988, adlink became the first aggregator in the advertising industry, making it easier than ever to reach audiences in la for over 35 years, adlink has been a trusted media partner in a fragmented media environment. today, we are thrilled to continue serving the advertising community with industry-leading innovation, multiscreen capabilities, and the ability to reach any audience in la or nationwide.
start reaching la









efficiently reach your audience.
tell us about your needs, and we’ll customize a strategic advertising solution.






sources:
(1) comscore ott intelligence report 2021 through june 2024, u.s. statement based on measurement of average hours per hh per month for spectrum tv app vs. top streaming providers as measured on connected tvs, gaming consoles and streaming devices.















start growing your business today.









 1-844-to-reach   
 contact us 





advertising solutions
markets
insights




success stories
audiencetrak
tag accountability




contact us
spectrum




kernel
careers





your privacy rights |
        california consumer privacy rights |
        do not sell or share my personal information/opt-out of targeted advertising |
        california consumer limit the use of my sensitive personal information |
        spectrum reach terms
1633 broadway, 39th floor, new york, ny 10019 © 2025 charter communications, all rights reserved.










