















moyamoya disease - internet support group for moyamoya families













internet support for those 
    diagnosed with moyamoya disease









"maui 
        maui? what the hell is that!!??"

        those were my exact words when i first heard of moyamoya in june 2001. i 
        spent the next two months searching the internet for everything i could 
        find on moyamoya disease. my name is dj and i've been "blessed" with 
        moyamoya.if you're here, it's probably 
        because you're like me and came to the internet to find out more about 
        this rare disorder. if you're like me, you also didn't have much success 
        looking through the search engines. there's not a huge amount of 
        information out there huh?
well, that's all 
        about to change!
probably the worst part about being diagnosed with 
        a rare disease is thinking you are the only one in the world who is 
        dealing with the problems associated with the disease. i hope to change 
        all that!estimated prevalence of moyamoya 
        in the us from a study in the mid 1990's was approximately 1 in 
        2,000,000 people. updated numbers have recently been reported in a study[1] 
        that looked at moyamoya cases in us hospitals between 1988 and 2004 that 
        puts the prevalence at more like 1 in 119,000[2] 
        people.
 





i would like to build 
        the world's largest support group for family members and those that 
        suffer from moyamoya.never again do i want 
        someone to have to come to the internet and have as much trouble as i 
        had finding information on moyamoya. i hope to save you the time by 
        putting all of the links here that it took me months to find.
        i've successfully come through from my second 
        sta-mca bypass surgery at 
        stanford university and am concentrating on building a bigger and 
        better support site for those diagnosed with moyamoya and their 
        families.


video about 
        moyamoya
(requires windows media 7 or up)

        upgrade wm player here





i have plenty of pics from both 
        my first and second surgery and will be putting more pictures and video 
        up as soon as i can. check out the new 
        message board to communicate with other moyamoya families and let us 
        know your story on the guest book!
also, don't miss the 
        video from 
        stanford university above and some of my links on my 
        links page. also, below is a fantastic clip from dr. ed smith at 
        children's hospital boston talking about they type of surgery they 
        specialize in there for treating younger patients. i hope they are of 
        some help to you!
welcome to our family! 













search moyamoya.com with the new 
    google search box!













                         




there are  
                        user(s) in the live chat room. 
go there now...













            main
homepage
dj's story


            donate
pictures

moyamoya family

            kansas city 2012

            philadelphia 2011
las vegas 2008
san antonio 2007
orlando 2006
las vegas 2005
spect scans
dj's 1st surgery
dj's 2nd surgery
medical info

doctor videos!
moyamoya?
sta-mca
surgeries
communicate
guest book

message board
archives
live 
            chat!

shop mm.com
online store
links
links page

netiquette


 

 






disclaimer:
        
all information contained on this web site is for informational purposes
        only.  it is in no way intended to be used as a replacement for professional medical
        treatment. moyamoya.com makes no claims as to the scientific/clinical
        validity of the information on this site or to that of the information linked to from this
        site.  all information taken from the internet should be discussed with a medical
        professional!













 

click here to email dj
 
©2003-2018
     
web vision enterprises llc.
    all rights reserved. all information on this site is protected by international
    copyright laws. you may not re-distribute any information from this site without written
    permission
    from  web 
    vision enterprises llc and the
     webmaster
    of this site. violators will be prosecuted.
you may view our privacy policy and 
    financial disclosure statement 
here
 
 














references
1.

citation: lee dj and liebeskind ds (2011) characterization of inpatient 
moyamoya in the united states: 1988–2004. front. neur. 2:43. doi: 
10.3389/fneur.2011.00043
2. based on average population of the us (census.gov) 
between 1988 and 2004 (267,265,987) divided by the number of cases referenced in 
the above article (2,247). 

 















