










homepage - facial exercising































































































facial exercising







 







5 minutes - 4 times/week 



facial exercise by tessa hill 













menu

 


home
about facial exercise
products
zoom classes
community classes



























 



age 76click here to view photos of tessa over the years 







welcome to saving face 



at age 76 and after 46 years of teaching facial exercise in the minneapolis/st.paul and houston, texas areas, tessa has established a nationwide reputation for facial exercises that you can easily fit into your life in just 5 minutes a day. most importantly – they work! learn more below about tessa hill and why exercising your facial muscles is the natural, safe facelift for maintaining a youthful appearance below 











about tessa 



tessa hill was born in 1945 and she began teaching facial exercise at the age of 30. read more  understanding that muscles can and should be toned all over the body she began including facial exercise in her fitness classes for 16 year.  tessa has continued to teach hundreds of classes for community education programs, business groups and private classes in homes.
tessa hill has been an educator most of her adult life. she has a bs in education and she taught school and other educational programs for several years.  she also taught classes in children’s fitness, art, and drama for community education and recreation programs. tessa is president of kids for saving earth, a nonprofit organization providing educational material to instructors to help kids help earth.  in addition she is co-owner with her husband of natural spaces domes, a business that designs and fabricates geodesic domes and skylights that are shipped throughout the world. 
as a result of the covid pandemic she has discovered that zoom classes are an excellent way to reach women all over the country.  you all can easily find a way to learn facial exercises and then add them into your daily routines. 
click here to view more testimonials from tessa’s classes
 







about facial exercise 



exercising the muscles in your face is crucial to maintaining a young appearance. read more beauty treatments with creams can’t lift sagging muscles.  skin care is important but can’t tone muscles.  facelifts fall again without toning the muscles under skin.  
tessa knows that no matter what age you begin, you can tone your face to lift up sagging muscles and help lessen wrinkles. just like the rest of the body, the face has muscles that can be toned. no make-up will cover up the stretched out facial muscles. tessa’s saving face™ facial exercise kit will teach you how to tighten up 11 different areas of your face, including sagging eyelids, the crow’s feet area, upper cheeks, upper and lower lips, chin, neck, and jowls.
in 5 minutes a day, a few days a week, you can tighten the muscles in your face to regain and retain a more youthful appearance.
click here to view photos of tessa over the years
  











products 











facial exercise kits 



 







classes 



 


























questions: tessaghill@gmail.com 





 








			© facial exercising 2025
							
built with woocommerce.					



my account 

search 

search for:

search


 


cart				0







 





















