






saint peter’s episcopal church, sycamore il – open for growth and transformation in the name of jesus christ




























































 

 

saint peter’s episcopal church, sycamore il
open for growth and transformation in the name of jesus christ





search for:







skip to content
home
who we are

our clergy and staff
our vestry

vestry documents
parish by-laws


parish profile
what we believe
about the episcopal church

canons and constitution


our history

the stained glass windows




what we do
when we worship
where to find us
how to connect

contact us
prayer request
morning star newsletter


why you belong

for new visitors


 
 


 


you are welcome here
come and see all that’s behind our red doors.


							visit saint peter’s						






feels like home
that’s what many people say the first time they worship with us. we hope you’ll feel that way, too!


							worship with us						






god put the wiggle in children
so don’t feel like you have to suppress it. children may stay with you or visit our nursery.


							children’s ministry						
















announcements

november 15, 2018january 2, 2024denielle noe 


january morning star

from the senior wardenchristmas eve services are always beautiful and meaningful; however, our service this year went above and beyond the usual. the church was magnificently decorated with the greens, the candles, and the garland. the poinsettias were abundant and were a stunning backdrop. read more







worship with us

may 16, 2019november 4, 2023denielle noe 


we’d love for you to worship with us!

worship on sundays
service times:sunday 10:15 am in-person rite ii10:15 sunday school








calendar of events

april 1, 2017march 13, 2020denielle noe 


saint peter’s is a busy parish, striving to serve our community and build up one another through prayer and service. here is our current calendar of events – click on an event for more details.







praying the daily office

april 1, 2017may 1, 2019denielle noe 


at the heart of anglican spirituality is prayer. prayer affords us a personal connection with the divine. when we pray, we talk with god. this serves an endless list of needs, and provides an endless list of benefits. if you’ve been seeking a way to fit more prayer into your daily life, the practice of praying the daily office – morning and evening prayer – can be a fantastic way to build a habit of prayer.
“look to the lord and his strength; seek his face always.” ~ 1 chronicles 16:11
resources for praying the daily office:
mission st. clare provides full morning and evening prayer services – complete with hymns – on their website, and in an app available for both ios and android. their website also lists other offices, including noonday and compline (bedtime,) as well as prayer books, devotionals, and lectionaries.
the lectionary page offers a complete lectionary, in calendar view, with links to the lessons for sundays and major holy days, from the revised common lectionary (rcl).



compline, daily office, evening prayer, lectionary, morning prayer, noonday, prayer 





request a prayer
	notice: javascript is required for this content.





 this sunday’s readingsst peter’s episcopal church facebook 

st peter’s episcopal church facebook

 






our mission our mission is to be an inclusive fellowship, growing in the holy spirit, nurturing the burdened and the joyous, reaching out to our communities. 

 

our vision
our vision as a parish is our iconic red doors open for growth and renewal, where we find ourselves and others transformed. 


 

join us at saint peter’s all people are welcome to worship with us.  we are a community of people on a common pilgrimage of spiritual exploration and worship.

 



						© 2017 saint peter's episcopal church, sycamore, il 		





 
















































































































































