


 


    astdd | homepage  








  association‌ of‌ state‌ &‌ territorial‌ dental‌ directorscall us




home+-about astddannual reportsboard of directorsbylawscentral officecommitteesorganization chartroundup newsletters spotlight presentationssubject matter expertsvalues statement+-state/territorial oral health programsstate programsterritorial/ freely associated oral health programsastdd national oral health data portal+-services/program supportbasic screening survey+best practicesbest practice approach reportsdescriptive reportschronic diseasescommunicationcompetencies for state oral health programsdata collection and surveillancedental public health policydental public health workforcedental sealant resourcesemergency preparedness and response manualevaluation and quality improvementfluorides and fluoridationguidelines for state and territorial oral health programshead starthealth equity and social determinants of healthhealthy aginginfection prevention and safetymaternal and child oral healthperinatal oral healthprofessional developmentschool and adolescent oral healthstate oral health planning and needs assessment+state synopsesstate synopses summary reportstate synopses full report (log into members only) 

 searchtopicsfacebooklogin  


national oral health conference
 
the 2025 nohc will be in orlando, florida april 7-9, 2025 with weekend workshops on april 5 and 6, 2025. registration is now open!
 
   


membership
job opportunities
federal agencies
national organizations


 

membership directory new membership application members only membership renewal new member services/peer support
the astdd membership consists of the chief dental public health officer (state dental director) of the state health department or equivalent agency, and the u. s. territories. astdd also offers individual or organizational associate membership which is open to any public agency, voluntary organization, tribal entity and/or health professionals employed or interested in dental public health. members and associate members serve on and chair committee's or work groups, receive the astdd newsletter, are enrolled on the astdd list serve, and participate in the astdd annual business meeting held in conjunction with the annual national oral health conference. individual associate member dues are $75.00 per year. organizational associate membership dues are $400 per year.
apply online for astdd membership
astdd member quotes
"my career in oral health has taken me many places throughout the country. during this time, i always made sure to continue my astdd associate membership. in fact, it was because of my membership that l learned of the job that brought me back home. thanks to astdd, i am now home in rhode island serving as its dental director."
samuel zwetchkenbaum, dental director, rhode island

"when i joined the astdd i had no idea that it would lead to helping set our nation's public health priorities. but it did. when working with the cdc as a member of the astdd data committee, i was asked to give feedback and comment on the healthy people 2030 oral health objectives. i am grateful for the opportunity."
beth anderson, oral health epidemiologist, michigan department of health & human services

"as the astdd liaison to the national association of chronic disease directors, astdd has given me the opportunity to combine my two lifelong career passions. the experience has been incredible. thank you astdd!"
barbara park, public health consultant, national association of chronic disease directors

"i knew very little about oral health when i joined astdd. i quickly got involved in committees, presented at conferences, and made friends all over the country. who could have imagined that in only six years i would be on the astdd board of directors. i'm amazed every time i think of it."
john welby, director, oral health literacy, maryland office of oral health



general practice residency program director - full-time faculty position:
the university of pittsburgh school of dental medicine is seeking applications for a full-time faculty position in the appointment stream, in the department of dental public health, to serve as general practice residency (gpr) program director for the school's regional gpr programs. the director will oversee the development and implementation of gpr programs based in regional training centers located in rural areas. major responsibilities include didactic and clinical resident education, recruitment and calibration of faculty and staff to serve on teams that will ensure the educational requirements of programs are met in each center, providing patient care when needed, and coordinating advanced training of the dental residents in identified dental and medical specialty areas. administrative roles involve building partnerships with regional hospitals and clinics, developing a strategic plan for growth and expansion, recruiting, selecting, and evaluating residents, and meeting established requirements of the school of dental medicine, regional hospital partners, and the commission on dental accreditation (coda).
we are seeking an outstanding individual with superior leadership and organizational skills to lead all aspects of pitt dental medicine's gpr programs in regional training centers. the candidate must be a role model for faculty, students, and residents and possess exceptional clinical skills and experience the ideal candidate will be able to develop a dynamic and strategic vision for growing and expanding gpr programs in rural areas by partnering with regional hospitals and training centers. this will be a hybrid work position and will have remote work responsibilities.
the director reports directly to the chair of the department of dental public health. the director will have supervision of, and participation in, resident patient care in the clinical setting as needed for the ongoing operation of the dental program. the university of pittsburgh is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. the position is non-tenured and the academic rank will be assistant professor. salary and compensation will be commensurate with level of experience and training.
specific duties include:
directing and administering the general practice residency program in regional training centers located in rural communities, including the development of a strategic plan for growth, recruitment, and selection of residents, implementation of the curriculum plan, ongoing evaluation of the program, faculty and resident performance, and coordination of rotations within regional hospitals and affiliated institutions.
minimum qualifications:
dds or dmd degree (or equivalent)
certificate from coda-accredited general practice residency program or advanced education in general dentistry program
ability to be licensed in the state of pennsylvania
preference will be given to those with additional education and/or experience in a public health program or setting
to apply please go to join.pitt.edu, select faculty positions, and enter 24008735 in the keyword search. upload a curriculum vitae, and a statement describing interest in the position, qualifications, and experience. the search committee will begin reviewing applications upon receipt.
commonwealth healthcare corporation oral health clinic
interested in working on a tropical island? the commonwealth healthcare corporation oral health clinic located on the island of saipan, a u.s. commonwealth, is looking for an associate dentist who is willing to work with children and travel between the islands of the commonwealth of the northern marianas (cnmi). requirements include possesion of a license to practice dentistry in the united states, must have current cpr certification, must have good communication and interpersonal skills to work well with staff and patients and must be willing to travel between the islands of the cnmi. this is a full-time position, 40-hour work week, a 2-year contractual agreement with benefits including a relocation package. if interested, please email angelica sabino, dds, chcc-ohc chief dentist @angelica.sabino@chcc.health. details of salary and benefits will be shared in the communication.
university of iowa 
the university of iowa's college of dentistry is conducting a search for director of clinics in clinic administration. this is a full-time clinical or tenure-track faculty role. the position is available january 2, 2025; screening begins immediately. applicants must have:

dds/dmd or equivalent;
ability to be licensed to practice dentistry in the state of iowa;
demonstrated experience leading an academic, private practice, hospital, or public health clinic;
clinical teaching experience;
excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills; and
demonstrated experience working effectively in a welcoming and respectful workplace environment. 

desirable qualifications:

experience running the day-to-day operations of a general dentistry clinic;
experience successfully implementing quality assurance/improvement initiatives;
demonstrated data-driven decision-making experience in a clinical environment; and
involvement in national/state/local dental organizations/committees.

successful candidates will be required to self-disclose any misconduct history or pending research misconduct investigation including but not limited to sexual misconduct in prior employment and provide a related release and will be subject to a criminal background and credential check. academic rank, track, and salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. learn more and/or apply at jobs@uiowa at https://jobs.uiowa.edu/faculty/view/75472, reference req #75472. the university of iowa is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment free from discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth and related conditions), disability, genetic information, status as a u.s. veteran, service in the u.s. military, sexual orientation, gender identity, or associational preferences.
this powerpoint provides an overview of the federal agencies under health & human services as well as their roles in promoting oral health. (october 2018)


the role of the federal agencies and regional offices in promoting oral health - during this "take 20" from the oral health 2020 network, marcia k. brand, ph.d. who served in a number of positions within hhs throughout her career, most recently as the senior career official, deputy administrator, at the health resource and services from 2009 - 2015, provided an overview of the u.s. department of health and human services, its structure, and how it supports oral health programs, research, and policy development. the presentation highlights key hhs offices and agencies and their oral health activities. in addition, the role of hhs's 10 regional offices was discussed. preliminary information about the fiscal year 2018 appropriations for oral health activities, signed into law on march 23rd, was presented. suggestions for engaging hhs officials and where to learn more about hhs and oral health were shared. (april 2018)powerpoint slides
administration for children and families, office of head start (acf, ohs):
the office of head start awards grants to public and private agencies on a competitive basis to provide comprehensive services to specific communities. head start grantees provide the services as described in the head start performance standards and in accordance with the head start act of 2007. the office of head start is responsible for oversight of these grantees, to ensure the performance standards are met and the best quality of care is provided to the enrolled children. in addition, some cities, states and federal programs offer funding to expand head start and early head start to additional children within their jurisdiction.
agency for healthcare research and quality (ahrq):
ahrq's mission is to improve the quality, safety, efficiency, and effectiveness of health care for all americans. ahrq supports research that helps people make more informed decisions and improves the quality of health care services. the overall focus is: 1) safety and quality: reduce the risk of harm by promoting delivery of the best possible health care; 2) effectiveness: improve health care outcomes by encouraging the use of evidence to make informed health care decisions; 3) efficiency: transform research into practice to facilitate wider access to effective health care services and reduce unnecessary costs.
centers for disease control and prevention (cdc), division of oral health:
cdc's mission is to collaborate to create the expertise, information, and tools that people and communities need to protect their health  through health promotion, prevention of disease, injury and disability, and preparedness for new health threats. the mission of the division of oral health is to prevent and control oral diseases and conditions by building the knowledge, tools, and networks that promote healthy behaviors and effective public health practices and programs.
centers for medicaid and medicare services (cms):
the mission of cms is to ensure effective, up-to-date health care coverage and to promote quality care for beneficiaries. the cms strategic action plan objectives include: skilled, committed, and highly-motivated workforce; accurate and predictable payments; high-value health care; confident, informed consumers; and collaborative partnerships.
food and drug administration (fda):
fda is responsible for protecting the public health by assuring the safety, efficacy and security of human and veterinary drugs, biological products, medical devices, our nation's food supply, cosmetics, and products that emit radiation. fda is also responsible for advancing the public health by helping to speed innovations that make medicines more effective, safer, and more affordable and by helping the public get the accurate, science-based information they need to use medicines and foods to maintain and improve their health. fda also has responsibility for regulating the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of tobacco products to protect the public health and to reduce tobacco use by minors.
health resources and services administration (hrsa):
hrsa is an agency of the u.s. department of health and human services. it is the principal federal agency charged with increasing access to health care for those who are medically underserved. hrsa's programmatic portfolio includes a range of programs or initiatives designed to increase access to care, improve quality, and safeguard the health and well-being of the nation's most vulnerable populations. currently there are 16 offices and bureaus, many of interest to dental public health professionals.
indian health service (ihs):
the indian health service, an agency within the department of health and human services, is the principal federal health care provider and health advocate for american indians and alaska natives. its goal is to raise their health status to the highest possible level. the ihs provides a comprehensive health service delivery system for american indians and alaska natives who are members of 566 federally recognized tribes across the u.s.
national institute for dental and craniofacial research (nidcr):
the mission of the national institute of dental and craniofacial research (nidcr) is to improve oral, dental and craniofacial health through research, research training, and the dissemination of health information. they accomplish their mission by: 1) performing and supporting basic and clinical research; 2) conducting and funding research training and career development programs to ensure an adequate number of talented, well-prepared and diverse investigators; 3) coordinating and assisting relevant research and research-related activities among all sectors of the research community; 4) promoting the timely transfer of knowledge gained from research and its implications for health to the public, health professionals, researchers, and policy-makers.
 


association of state and territorial dental directors (astdd) selected national partner organizations (june 2021)
astdd and states interact with and use resources from a number of national organizations, including the following.
american academy of pediatrics (aap), oral health section:
the aap is a professional membership organization of 60,000 primary care pediatricians, pediatric medical sub-specialists and pediatric surgical specialists the mission of the aap is to attain optimal physical, mental, and social health and well-being for all infants, children, adolescents and young adults. the section on oral health is a group of pediatric dentists, pediatricians, and other allied health professionals interested in learning about and improving children's oral health through collaborative efforts. the section focuses on educating pediatricians through multiple forums, advocacy for children's oral health, and improving relationships and communication between the dental and medical homes.  
american academy of pediatric dentistry (aapd):
founded in 1947, the aapd is a not-for-profit professional membership association representing the specialty of pediatric dentistry. its 8,400 members provide primary care and comprehensive dental specialty treatments for infants, children, adolescents and individuals with special health care needs. the aapd promotes evidence-based policies and clinical guidelines; educates and informs policymakers, parents and guardians, and other health care professionals; fosters research; and provides continuing professional education for pediatric dentists and general dentists who treat children.   
american association for community dental programs (aacdp):
aacdp supports the efforts of those with an interest in serving the oral health needs of vulnerable populations at the community level. members include staff of city, county, and community-based health programs with an interest in oral health issues and access to care.
american association of public health dentistry (aaphd):
aaphd provides a focus for meeting the challenge to improve oral health. membership is open to all individuals concerned with improving the oral health of the public. aaphd is committed to 1) promotion of effective efforts in disease prevention, health promotion and service delivery; 2) education of the public, health professionals and decision-makers regarding the importance of oral health to total well-being; and 3) expansion of the knowledge base of dental public health and fostering competency in its practice.
american dental association (ada):
the ada is the world's largest and oldest national dental association, representing about 152,000 member dentists. ada is committed to the public's oral health, ethics, science and professional advancement; leading a unified profession through initiatives in advocacy, education, research and the development of standards.
american dental education association (adea):
adea is the leading national organization for dental education. members include all u.s. and canadian dental schools, advanced dental education programs, hospital dental education programs, allied dental education programs, corporations, faculty, and students. the mission of adea is to lead individuals and institutions of the dental education community to address contemporary issues influencing education, research, and the delivery of oral health care for the improvement of the health of the public.
american dental hygienists' association (adha):
adha is the leading national organization for the more than 120,000 registered dental hygienists (rdhs) in the united states. the mission of the adha is to advance the art and science of dental hygiene by ensuring access to quality oral health care, increasing awareness of the cost-effective benefits of prevention, promoting the highest standards of dental hygiene education, licensure, practice and research and representing and promoting the interests of dental hygienists. adha has a council on public health.
american institute of dental public health (aidph):
the american institute of dental public health (aidph) was created in 2015 to promote and disseminate evidence-based health promotion practices to advanced education students and practitioners in dental public health. 
american network of oral health coalitions
anohc members are statewide oral health coalitions that promote lifelong oral health by shaping policy, promoting prevention and educating the public. anohc exists to create a reliable place for state oral health coalitions to share information, ask questions, and leverage time and resources.
american public health association (apha), oral health section:
apha is the oldest and largest organization of public health professionals in the world, representing more than 50,000 members from over 50 occupations of public health. oral health is one of the 24 sections that apha members can choose to join. the oral health section's members seek to promote oral health to a larger, multidisciplinary audience, partner with other human service providers, integrate oral health with overall health, have input into environmental and health care delivery issues, and disseminate research findings to the largest possible audience.
association for dental safety (ads):
ads is dedicated to promoting infection control and safety policies and practices supported by science and research to the global dental community. osap is committed to identifying, developing and supporting leaders in dental infection prevention and patient safety. this includes educators, trainers, consultants, company representatives and all who share osap's vision of safe dental care for people everywhere.
association of maternal and child health programs (amchp):
amchp is a national nonprofit organization primarily of the directors and staff of state public health agency programs for maternal and child health, and children with special health care needs in all 50 states, the district of columbia, and eight additional jurisdictions. in addition to state public health leaders, amchp members also include academic, advocacy and community-based maternal and child health professionals, as well as families. amchp builds successful programs by disseminating best practices; advocating on their behalf in washington; providing technical assistance; convening leaders to share experiences and ideas; and advising states about involving partners to reach our common goal of healthy children, healthy families, and healthy communities.
association of state and territorial health officials (astho):
astho is the national nonprofit organization representing the state and territorial public health agencies of the united states, the u.s. territories, and the district of columbia. astho's members, the chief health officials of these jurisdictions, are dedicated to formulating and influencing sound public health policy, and to assuring excellence in state-based public health practice. astdd is one of 17 affiliates of astho.
campaign for dental health
a consumer friendly resource, the campaign for dental health (cdh) was created to ensure every american has access to the most affordable and most effective way to protect teeth - water fluoridation.  the website, hosted by the american academy of pediatrics, has been designed to answer the most common questions about fluoride, highlight interactive tools and resources, and features new content/news to help further the message of the importance of community water fluoridation.
carequest institute for oral health
the carequest institute is a nonprofit committed to building a future where every person can reach their full potential through optimal health.
center for health care strategies, inc.
the center for health care strategies (chcs) is a nonprofit health policy resource center dedicated to improving health care access, quality, and cost-effectiveness for low-income populations. it works with state and federal agencies, health and dental plans, providers, and consumer groups to develop innovative programs that better serve beneficiaries of publicly financed care, especially those with complex, high-cost needs. chcs works with state and federal partners and other stakeholders to foster new opportunities for improving oral health access and delivery for medicaid beneficiaries. they have an oral health section of their website.
council of state and territorial epidemiologists (cste):
cste is an organization of member states and territories representing public health epidemiologists. cste works to establish more effective relationships among state and other health agencies. it also provides technical advice and assistance to partner organizations and to federal public health agencies. cste works to advance public health policy and epidemiologic capacity as well as providing information, education, and developmental support of practicing epidemiologists. cste approves all indicators for nohss and has an oral health workgroup.

delta dental plans association (ddpa):
the core purpose of delta dental plans association is the advancement of oral health care to customers, partners and consumers through the dental benefits programs and philanthropic efforts of 39 independent member companies operating in all 50 states, the district of columbia and puerto rico.
dental lifeline network (dln):
dln is a national humanitarian organization that provides access to comprehensive dental care for people with disabilities or who are elderly or medically fragile and cannot afford treatment. through dln's flagship program, donated dental services (dds), over 15,000 dentists and 3,600 laboratories nationwide donate comprehensive services. since 1986, more than 120,000 vulnerable individuals have received over $250 million in donated care. the organization's website provides information for people needing help.
dental trade alliance foundation (dtaf):
the dental trade alliance foundation supports innovative programs designed to increase the effectiveness of the oral health care system by encouraging changes in overall consumer behavior, improving access for the underserved population, and enhancing the efficiency of the oral health care system. https://www.dtafoundation.org/


henry schein
henry schein is a fortune 500 company that provides healthcare (including dental) products and services. through their consultants and advisors, schein helps providers deliver quality health care to patients, efficiently operate and grow practices, and increase financial return and financial security. schein's charter includes: furthering humanitarian relief and disaster response; increasing access to health care among underserved populations; strengthening wellness programs and volunteer activities; enhancing health care advocacy and education. they provide a number of services to special markets.
hispanic dental association (hda)
the hispanic dental association is a national, nonprofit organization comprised of oral health professionals and students dedicated to promoting and improving the oral health of the hispanic community and providing advocacy for hispanic oral health professionals across the us. the association works with a wide spectrum of individuals and organizations to communicate to hispanic and non-hispanic dental professionals, students, and the public.   
international association for dental research (iadr):
iadr is a nonprofit organization with more than 12,000 members worldwide. its mission is : (1) to advance research and increase knowledge for the improvement of oral health worldwide; (2) to support and represent the oral health research community; and (3) to facilitate the communication and application for research findings.  
medicaid/medicare/chip services dental association (msda)
msda's mission is to contribute to the optimal oral health of state medicaid and children's health insurance program beneficiaries by developing, promoting, and promulgating evidence- and best-practices-based state and national medicaid/chip oral health policies and practices.
national association of chronic disease directors (nacdd):
nacdd is a national public health association, founded in 1988 to link the chronic disease program directors of each state and u.s. territory to provide a national forum for chronic disease prevention and control efforts. nacdd works to reduce the impact of chronic diseases on the american population by advocating for preventative policies and programs, encouraging knowledge sharing and developing partnerships for health promotion.
national association of local boards of health
the national association of local boards of health (nalboh) informs, guides, and is the national voice for boards of health. in today's public health system, the leadership role of boards of health makes them an essential link between public health services and a healthy community. uniquely positioned to deliver technical expertise in governance and leadership, board development, health priorities, and public health policy, nalboh strives to strengthen good governance where public health begins-at the local level.
national association of school nurses (nasn):
the national association of school nurses supports the health and educational success of children and youth by developing and providing leadership to advance school nursing practice by specialized registered nurses. nasn has 50 affiliates in 48 states, the district of columbia, and overseas. (nasn has an oral health connections website that links school nurses to oral health and wellness resources.)
national dental association (nda)
the national dental association promotes oral health equity among people of color by harnessing the collective power of its members, advocating for the needs of and mentoring dental students of color, and raising the profile of the profession in communities. through scholarships and support programs, the nda promotes dentistry as a viable profession. nda goals and commitments are shared by its auxiliary organizations, namely the auxiliary to the nda, the national dental assistants association, the national dental hygienists' association and the student national dental organization.  
national maternal and child health oral health resource center (ohrc):
the purpose of the ohrc is to respond to the needs of states and communities in addressing current and emerging public oral health issues. ohrc supports health professionals, program administrators, educators, policymakers, and others with the goal of improving oral health services for infants, children, adolescents, and their families. ohrc collaborates with federal, state, and local agencies; national and state organizations and associations; and foundations to gather, develop, and share quality and valued information and materials.
national network for oral health access (nnoha):
nnoha is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization representing a nationwide network of dental providers who care for patients in migrant, homeless, and community health centers. nnoha's mission is to improve the oral health of underserved populations and contribute to overall health through leadership, advocacy, and support to oral health providers in safety-net systems.
national network of healthcare hygienists
national network of healthcare hygienists (nnhh) is a 501c (3) professional support organization for registered dental hygienists who have a desire to see oral health integrated into healthcare systems. they offer resources and certificate programs in areas of medicine to support rdhs working in integrated settings, educating teams and patients, developing oral systemic prevention programs, and consulting with healthcare systems.
national organization of state offices of rural health
nosorh promotes the capacity of state offices of rural health to improve health care in rural america through leadership development, advocacy, education, & partnerships. the general purpose of each sorh is to help their individual rural communities build health care delivery systems.
national public health information coalition
the national public health information coalition is the premier network of public health communicators in the united states and u.s. territories. the group is committed to "making public health public" by sharing knowledge, expertise and resources to effectively communicate about the important health issues of the day helping people lead healthier lives in healthier communities.
school-based health alliance:
the school-based health alliance works to improve the health of children and youth by advancing and advocating for school-based health care. our vision is that all children and adolescents are healthy and achieving at their fullest potential.
special care dentistry association (scda)
scda has a wide ranging membership that includes: dentists, dental hygienists; dental assistants; non-dental health care providers; health program administrators; and others. scd had its origin in a federation of three long standing independent organizations: the american association of hospital dentists, the academy of dentistry for persons with disabilities and the american society for geriatric dentistry. scda has reorganized and now is comprised of the council of hospital dentistry (previously, the american association of hospital dentists, aahd), the council of dentistry for people with disabilities (previously, the academy of dentistry for persons with disabilities, adpd) and the council of geriatric dentistry (previously, the american society for geriatric dentistry, asgd).
 



highlight of the month: astdd spotlight: updates to the astdd website
2025 astdd documents, publications, webinar recordings, toolkits
2024 astdd documents, publications, webinar recordings, toolkits
2023 astdd documents, publications, webinar recordings, toolkits


organizational associate members
astdd would like to thank and recognize our organizational associate members

american dental association
american dental hygienists' association
arcora foundation
carequest institute for oral health
kokua kalihi valley comprehensive family services
national network for oral health access
oral health kansas
organization for safety, asepsis & prevention (osap)
school-based health alliance
west virginia oral health coalition
wyoming primary care association



registration for the 2025 nohc in orlando, florida is now open!



  

 
advertising on astdd's website does not imply an endorsement by astdd of a company's products or services.



recording of dec. 16, 2021 astdd/carequest best practices for teledentistry today and in the future webcast 
during the hour-long presentation, the expert panel highlighted necessary systems-level changes, discussed how they created the best practice approach report, and examined carequest institute's strategic priorities around teledentistry that are helping to push the industry in new directions. 
 


  

home ‌|‌ 
about‌ astdd ‌|‌ 
program‌ support ‌|‌ 
state‌ activities ‌|‌ 
best‌ practices 


membership‌ renewal ‌|‌ 
security & privacy statement ‌|‌ 
contact us
3858‌ cashill blvd.,‌ reno,‌ nv‌ ‌89509, phone‌ 775-626-5008‌‌


soc-facebook
created with sketch.










soc-linkedin
created with sketch.













soc-twitter
created with sketch.







 



chrome 121.0.0.0ip address:172.18.0.12current time:time out: min remaining: 






