



great pyramid of giza research association













general articles
research articles
other articles
russian research

shroud of turin
about the director









email dr. john desalvo, director




featured
    in barnes and noble stores

    exploring the use of crystals
    from mesopotamia and ancient egypt to present day technology, including
    their use in ritual and ceremonial magic and their importance in ancient
    religious literature, dr. desalvo examines the many physical and chemical properties
    of quartz crystals and explains how their crystalline lattice structure is
    the key to their amazing abilities, both scientific and paranormal. desalvo
    reveals the scientific findings on his own ancient crystal skull as well as studies on other skulls by the british museum and the smithsonian. desalvo
    offers instructions for their use in scrying, meditation, and enochian
    magic. 



  
way too much of a hurt business if you listen to former players who often end up sounding like former fighters. in addition to neurological risk, the physical nature of the game creates additional health risks for joints and ligaments that are damaged during play. 

the candy bar's 2015 super bowl ad presented a "brady bunch" spoof. when death came knockingthe priest tapped me gently on the shoulder and asked, "are you kathleen?"i'm here to pray with you and give you last rites. "i walk away with peace. so of course he hears all, sees all. 

save money on replica nfl jerseys by shopping on team store. "we find the opportunity intriguing and are assessing how it fits cheap nfl jerseys into our sports strategy," said a spokeswoman.. he had an unusual blend of size, speed and strength. in the first quarter, rodgers threw an interception into the gut of defensive tackle nazair jones. 

and, toronto has the amenities that makes sports impossible to escape. that the game is extremely important to him. "no matter what anyone says, i'm going to have a positive outlook," brady said after sunday's win. a strikeout will cause pedro martinez to do the chest touch and double index finger point to god as if he and god were chatting pandora rings earlier about possible pitching strategies in the locker room, and the strategy they chose together worked, so he had to personally thank god using his direct line. 

letters to the editorhumbled and proudrecently i was at my navy cheap china jerseys ship reunion in san antonio. high fiber fruits and vegetables, loaded with antioxidant vitamins and minerals, have been shown to limit inflammation in arteries, while processed foods can cause it. 

i wish everybody came off the field healthy. in syracuse, new york, the father of beth mowins noticed sierens' picture in the newspaper and clipped it out for his daughter, who had grown up broadcasting neighborhood kickball games into a toy microphone.. 

men's basketball hires dean keener and matt brady did not pan out, but football appointments mickey matthews and mike houston most certainly did. "moreover, we have some rather disappointing things to tell you about the pyramids, the works of leonardo da vinci, penicillin, the internet, the scientific method, movies, and dogs.". 

linebacker coaches at public high schools generally receive several thousand dollars for an entire season or may even work for free. 26 boxing match between floyd mayweather jr. we finding cheap oakleys that the use of it on single pandora charms story buildings is appropriate according to the manufacturer. 

if you are like a lot of my friends on facebook, you are quick to point out tony romo's statistics. and that shows how the game is evolving and changing. starting with then san francisco 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick in preseason of last year nfl players began kneeling during the national anthem, kaepernick and others said, to protest racial injustice and police brutality. 

for me the hard work comes from within so that i can be my best, for myself and my team.". earlier, he had been a co captain at the university of illinois as both a junior and senior. he was one of the greatest storytellers of our time, not just in sports but in any part of the american society."''steve sabol leaves a lasting impact on the national football league that will be felt for a long time to cheap jerseys come,'' nfl players association executive director demaurice smith said. 

you just saw was a variety of responses with the theme of unity, an nfl front office source told cnn. he prefers you just call it an offense, or if you must put a name on it, he allow system. a broker chicago sports ticket offer you tickets over a phone call or at a few clicks on the internet. 

this is not to be confused with ghost rider, the marvel comics character and nicolas cage charity, which is a demon with a flaming skull that feeds on the souls of evil men and screams through the night on a haunted motorcycle. there's half a season left. 

click for full schedulean ohio state university student plowed his car into a group of pedestrians at the college campus and began stabbing people with a butcher knife monday before he was shot to death by oakley outlet a police officer. had worked so hard to get where he is.

  


 

uk swiss replica watches the red gold style (model: iw459002) moon phase display using the fake rolex watches classic shape, the moon in the zenith watch clouds-like curtains rise and fall.

books by dr. john desalvo
 (nook
              and kindle
              editions)


decoding the pyramids

published by
barnes&noble 
out of print 

also in french, spanish, dutch, italian, czech and estonian

 seeress of prevorst

published by

inner
              traditions


order from

barnes&noble 
amazon.com


dead sea scrolls

published by

barnes&noble
out or print

foreign language editions german, french, spanish,
              dutch
              

the lost art of
              enochian magic
published by

inner
              traditions

order from 

barnes&noble 
amazon.com


decoding the
              enochian secrets
 published by

inner
              traditions

order from
barnes&noble 
amazon.com








award of excellence
      this site has been selected as one of the best educational resources on the web by studysphere.  studysphere is one of the internet's fastest growing sites of educational resources for students, teachers and parents.
      




 

  

the advisory board
learn more about our advisory board by simply clicking on any name





j.j.
                hurtak, ph.d., ph.d.
research director
egyptologist

new york










 john anthony west  
new york 



 emmy "mystery of the
                sphinx"    





 

  the
                late joe parr (1938-2010)
california



  engineer and inventor 





dr.abdelfattah badawi
egypt



professor of chemistry





 

patrick flanagan, m.d., ph.d.
arizona



authored first book on "pyramid power"





david hatcher childress
illinois



world explorer and owner of adventures unlimited







steven myers  
oregon



fluid mechanics engineer





dr. jinsheng
                xu
china



pyramid researcher







volodymyr
                krasnoholovets, ph.d.
ukraine



senior scientist at institute of physics in ukraine.





christopher dunn
illinois



engineer







adriano forgione
italy



publisher of italy's "hera magazine"





dennis g. balthaser
new mexico



retired civil and army engineer







 surekha
                bhat m., ph.d.
india



professor of biochemistry





joseph turbeville
north carolina



retired physicist from the univ. of south florida







kirti betai,
                b.com. llb.
india



founder of modern vastu science & healing systems.





edward gorouvein
canada



mechanical engineer with over 20 inventions 







edward hyman, ph.d.
california


physicist & former scientist with trw defense systems




andres washington
new york



finger print expert







jeff deschamps
france



researcher





john cadman
washington



engineer 







dan davidson
arizona



researcher in gravitational physics 





petros petrosyan
armenia



nuclear engineer







serguey & svetlana gorbunova
russia



researcher's of the ancient egyptian rods





joseph farrell
oklahoma



researcher







al leone

new jersey




engineer and pyramid researcher





george t. bayer, ph.d.
pennsylvania



materials engineer researcher







bernard pietsch
california



 archeo-metrologist and author





sumit saxena
india



 researcher







rick howard
washington



 researcher





dr. mohamed lotfi
egypt



film producer











paul horn
arizona



honorary advisory board member

      grammy winner
                recorded inside the great pyramid.






general articles | research articles | other articles | russian research | shroud of turin 



