





keytar music homepage






    

   

 



keytar  debut cd
"no strings attached" 
on sale eclick here
welcome to the homeworld of keytar music.  inside you
will find the latest info on the band keytar, multi-instrumentalist stu

simone,
and trek

records, as well as the tribute bands
hair guitar
('80s
hair bands)

 and escape
(journey).  
stu simone is also a member of original hard rock band heaven
& earth as well as infinity. 
for the latest info and gig hotline for stu simone, go to myspace.com/stusimone
keytar's motto is "the future of rock...   now", and by
expanding the boundaries of what is rock, and  utilizing cutting edge musical
technology --  keyboards playing guitar parts, drums playing bass, guitars playing
keyboard sounds, etc.  -- keytar is aiming to give rock music fans something fresh, new and
exciting.   click on  hear keytar  to hear
musical samples of keytar, and to see images of stu simone playing the
"keytar" click on  see keytar. 
trek records,
whose first release was keytar's  "no strings attached"

album (sept.1, 2000), is a new independent label whose mission is to provide you the
listener with fresh new sounds, or "rock with a spin."  we're looking for
listeners and artists who are tired of the "same ole same old."  rock is
not dead! 
keytar and trek records founder 
stu simone 
 is a multi-talented musician (keyboards, vocals
and guitar) well-known to the southern california rock music scene, and as touring
keyboardist for platinum rockers poison has been gaining international
exposure.  check out some great photos of stu simone playing live  on
the 1999 and 2000 poison headlining tours on the  poison tourz
 
page.  stu's keyboards, guitar simulations and harmony vocals can be heard
live on the 2000 poison album, "power to the people." 
since playing with the #1 hair band of all time (according to vh-1), stu simone
has formed a tribute to hair bands, appropriately entitled  hair
guitar.   he also keeps busy in hollywood's movie music biz, and is the musical director
of the west coast's top tribute to the band journey, escape. 
  producer
(check out latest project kraised), poet,
graphics artist and photographer (check out the  keytar
cover art, and the classic "roots
of hair" photos ), webmaster (this site), and 
music editor  are other hats that stu simone has been known
to wear.  for recreation, stu takes full advantage of the california
lifestyle:   besides surfing waves in malibu, stu loves surfing the
internet:  check out the links to some cool
websites at the bottom of the press & linkz page.

keep in mind that this is literally "the ground floor"  . . .
so get on in!   and don't forget to sign in on the  guest
list!



contact


snail mail
    trek records
p.o.box 10743
canoga park, ca 91309

electronic mail
stusimone @ keytarmusic
. com





website = © 1999-2007 by stu simone, all rights reserved










