




engineering and computer science - faculty of engineering and computer science - uvic





























skip to main content





apply
library
a-z
find a person
maps



search

start page

 search




brightspace
email










universityof victoria




apply
library
a-z
find a person
maps

 search
 sign in
 online tools
 sign out








 show menu
faculty of engineering and computer science








programs

undergraduate
graduate
micro-credentials



students

new students
academic supports
co-op program
career opportunities
student clubs & teams
hands-on learning
forms



areas of study 


research & industry 


donate 


about

about our faculty
dean's office
equity action planning
contact us












 info for...


 info for... 
diversity & inclusion supports
community outreach
faculty & staff
alumni













engineering and computer science 
at uvic engineering and computer science (ecs), we're pushing the edges of applied science, creating tangible solutions to real-world problems.
our students:

choose from seven areas of study
take part in co-op work placements
join award-winning clubs and teams
study with researchers whose innovative solutions are addressing society’s most pressing challenges.























programs











undergraduate studies

be part of a diverse community of active thinkers and doers. engage in research and participate in co-op and other community activities.

undergraduate programs















graduate studies

our graduate students and faculty work on original research that creates vital impact locally and around the world.

graduate programs

























120+

                                                                regular, adjunct, emeritus & sessional faculty
                                                            











3,000+

                                                                undergraduate students over 7 program areas
                                                            











600+

                                                                graduate students & post-doc fellows
                                                            










equity, diversity & inclusion
our vision is to be a faculty of engineering and computer science whose students, staff and faculty are representative of the population composition of canada and thrive in a culture of inclusion, respect, wellness and accessibility.
learn more about our equity action planning and what we are doing at ecs to make all feel welcome, including our equity and inclusion supports.




events


 




news & stories
2024 uvic schulich leader scholarsa pair of bc students who share an interest in water systems and the sciences, and who are beginning their studies at the university of victoria (uvic) this fall, are among the 100      elite scholars...royal society of canada 2024 awardsfive university of victoria researchers are receiving canada’s highest academic honour.driving sustainability forwardakash mohanty is one of a dozen students driving sustainability forward on vancouver island through the university of victoria’s sustainability scholars program, a unique graduate      program that offers...uvic's vanier scholars and banting fellowshipthe university of victoria is celebrating four outstanding researchers recently announced as 2024 vanier canada graduate scholars and one prestigious banting postdoctoral      fellow.more ecs news






follow ecs on social


 uvic instagram


 uvic facebook


 uvic twitter


 uvic youtube








territory acknowledgment
we acknowledge and respect the lək̓ʷəŋən peoples on whose traditional territory the university of victoria stands, and the songhees, esquimalt and w̱sáneć peoples whose historical relationships with the land continue to this day.




campus tour
take our virtual tour to see the natural beauty of the uvic campus from wherever you are in the world.
launch experience













 ​ uvic instagram   ​ uvic facebook   ​ uvic twitter   ​ uvic linkedin   ​ uvic youtube  view all uvic social media








#2 in canada for climate2024 times higher education impact rankings
learn more about uvic's impacts








quicklinks



about uvic
admissions
research
news & media




events
careers
donate
covid-19





info for...



students
faculty & staff
alumni
indigenous




international
business & industry
community














university of victoria  3800 finnerty road  victoria bc  v8p 5c2  canada







​maps
​hours
​contacts












terms of use
accessibility
emergency contacts


© university of victoria
website feedback





 back to top of page





this website stores cookies on your computer. these cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember your browser. we use this information to improve and customize your browsing experience, for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media, and for marketing purposes. by using this website, you accept and agree to be bound by uvic’s terms of use and protection of privacy policy. if you do not agree to the above, you must not use this website.
close












