



  






boat maintenance advice, sailing and motor boats, practical advice | pbo


































 


























skip to content »





ryft 



practical boat owner



 





subscribe
digital edition




 


 





practical boat owner



 
















search for:

search


 


subscribe

digital editions


practical

diy at home
project boat
expert answers
glossary
tips


news
boats
on the water

amazing adventures
watersports
cruising
seamanship


gear

gear reviews
gear news


forum
mini globe race
books
about pbo
marina guide
videos






 

 

 










 


the best of the 2024 vendée globe storytellers









 


medway doble: the classic sprit sail dinghy










 


sunsail’s funding the future: nurturing grassroots sailing









 


how to lay eva foam decking on your boat










 


renaud stitelmann wins the 2024 globe 5.80 transat









 


the pioneers: teddy seymour & bill pinkney









read more top stories





sailing solo: how to go from crewed to single-handed




round the world sailor ian herbert-jones shares valuable advice on how to transition from crewed to single-handed sailing







countdown to the mini globe race 2025




15 skippers are expected to leave antigua to sail around the world in the mini globe race 2025, aboard 5.8m home-built plywood yachts







westerly centaur: britain’s most popular yacht




rupert holmes analyses the pros and cons for today’s boat owners of the most popular cruising yacht ever built in britain, and also suggests some…


read moreboat maintenance


 


how to fit a removable mainsheet track









 


how to get a mirror finish on you boat










 


cutless bearing replacement: step by step









 


is the ais net location beacon app a good investment for coastal cruising?










 


how to change a boat engine filter









 


boat instrument panel and helm refit: step-by-step









read more how to articles...maintenance



boat protection: how to prepare your yacht for a storm in harbour








pbo experts and readers share tips on keeping your boat safe in a blow





the pneumatic keel








ben lowings talks to bjorn haraldsson about his simple air-regulated keel





why is my boat battery not holding a charge?








chris mardon is struggling to understand why his boat battery is not holding a charge. duncan kent has some suggestions





how to replace a leaking portlight








roger hughes digs out his tools and repairs the leaking portlight on his boat


moreamazing adventures


 


sailing in the land of fire and ice and beyond: sailors share their high latitude cruises









 


hanneke boon: life after wharram










 


cape horn to port – gaining confidence as a new skipper









 


family boats lead transatlantic rally in arc+ start









read moregear tests


 


a sustainable alternative to marine ply?









 


11 practical gift ideas that sailors actually want!










 


satellite communication at sea: staying connected from your boat









 


installing a wavestream 1 bilge filter










 


why you should consider the weight of boat tools









 


boat propeller: how to choose the right one for your boat









 









practical projectsgreat tips and ideas to improve your boat from pbo readers



 


how i made a specialist tool to repair my dinghy









 


how to make a diy bilge alarm switch










 


how to replace a stern tube on a boat









 


how to make curly cord as a diy project










 


casting a cutless bearing housing









 


how to make your boots non-scratch to save your boat decks









more practical projectspbo project boat 


 


what does a sailmaker do?





shortly before the round the island race, one of the largest yacht races in the world, it’s all go at…




 


shore power: solving tripping problems





ali wood gets a crash course in reverse polarity and smart charging when project boat maximus’s shore power gets trippy…





 


sail design – using 3d software and laser technology to cut new sails





during the survey of our maxi 84, the pbo project boat maximus, we were warned by a marine surveyor that…




 


how to measure your yacht for new sails





measuring your boat for new sails is a job for the sailmaker, so when our pbo project boat maximus needed…





 


restoring a vintage sailor radio





ali wood’s sailor radio is given the vip treatment




 


seajet bioclean silicone antifoul review: our verdict after one year on the water





does silicone antifouling work? it’s not flying off the shelves yet, according to suppliers, but the results from our project…





 


securing mast cable on our maxi 84





with the help of acm marine, ali wood goes about securing mast cable on the maxi 84 pbo project boat




 


family sailing safety gear: tested!





ali wood discusses the sailing safety gear she chose for their first family cruise on board their maxi 84, and…




read more 








read pbo on tablet · phone · computer

 

get every issue of pbo on android, iphone, ipad or desktop 
diy at home





boat hatch replacement: fixing a cracked lens











sail cleaning the diy way






see more diy at home ideaslatest news





search underway to find pre-1950 boats still floating on the river deben




a year-long project has been launched to try and identify the oldest boats of any type and size on the river deben











coroner calls for boat law to deter drunk sailing



									january 28, 2025								











morco water heater recall due to risk of gas leak



									january 17, 2025								











boaters warned of dehumidifier fire risk



									december 23, 2024								











weir wood sailing club has closed – sad news for grassroots sailing



									december 20, 2024								











why the international boatbuilding training college – ibtc lowestoft – is closing its doors for good



									december 17, 2024								




read more newsseamanship





sailing with family: tips to keep your children safe & happy on board











boat towing and berthing by tender











seamanship tips from a seasoned sailing instructor











a solo sailor shares his top safety tips






more seamanship articles


latest issue





april issue – out 13 february




30 ways to go dinghy cruising in the uk and beyond, how to pay for the bluewater dream, switching from petrol to an electric engine for under £8k, the 7 essential checks that could save your boat, antifouling application tips, the joy of saling luggers and more! order the april 2025 issue online now buy a single issue delivered to your door! or buy a single issue to download now…


promoted





whatever the weather: henri-lloyd




henri-lloyd leads the way in sailing gear performance and sustainability




 
videos








how to get a crew place sailing around the world




if you don’t own a boat but want to sail around the world, the atlantic rally for cruisers (arc), which…









channel hopping: winded voyage sailing – don’t count this sailor out




pbo's resident youtube aficionado kass schmitt begs a youtuber she's never met to help a friend with wonderful results









happy reunion and podium finish for transatlantic yacht imi makani




canadian yacht imi makani, who pbo captured arriving in grenada last week, was one of the arc+ yachts to take…


more videos
















site sectionsnews
video
galleries
practical
podcast
seamanship
ybw.com
 

ways to readdigital editions
rss feeds
get in touchadvertise
contact us
meet the pbo team
about us
write for us
 

search


search for:

search


ryft subscribe now


 
 





 






 


 © future publishing limited quay house, the ambury, bath ba1 1ua. all rights reserved. england and wales company registration number 2008885. terms & conditions | privacy policy | privacy settings
 














 

