










home | monogram foods


































































who we are

company overview
our leadership


our capabilities
what we value

what we value
health & safety
culture & inclusion
monogram foods loves kids
celebrating 20 years


careers
locations

memphis, tennessee
bristol, indiana
chandler, minnesota
denison, iowa
harlan, iowa
haverhill, massachusetts
martinsville, virginia
medford, massachusetts
plover, wisconsin
wilmington, massachusetts


contact us
news












 

















quality you can taste
learn more









culture is our secret ingredient 
join our team









best-in-class service. high quality products. 
discover our capabilities









view our 2024 community grant recipients
click here 












at our core, we are a growth company.

we deliver continuous profitable growth for our customers, team members, suppliers and owners through our partnership and innovation.







by the numbers:




locations



%
compounded annual growth rate




jobs created



$1.3 billion+
2024 revenue







work with us
the success of our company is due to the strength of our workforce. we believe in developing our team members in their careers with training and promotional pathways. we also know that safety is paramount. we extend our best practices beyond general compliance – the welfare of our team members is the most important asset we have.
we offer competitive benefits, paid time-off, company-wide maternity leave, and a great workplace culture.

join our team







“monogram foods is in the business of making high-quality products, but it’s what we do with our success that really defines us. for me, that’s putting our people first and supporting the communities we all call home.”





karl schledwitz
chairman







together we can do anything better

we offer strategic manufacturing and marketing of food solutions. sometimes bigger is better — we are one the largest prepared food manufacturers in the us and provide best-in-class manufacturing capabilities, including one of the only usda approved bakeries in the us.

see what we can do

monogram foods video - hmong translation

monogram foods video - spanish translation







 









who we are



our capabilities



what we value



careers



contact us



news







© monogram foods




privacy policy

supplier code of business conduct



terms & conditions

code of ethics and business conduct



fraud

california transparency in supply chains act



 
















