



text messaging software and sms software solutions


















































































 


 





 

 



 



pagegate
full-featured sms server gateway software 
                                  application for networks
























pagegate is an sms messaging 
                                  server application that sends sms and text messages 
                                  to: mobile phones, cell phones and other wireless 
                                  devices. messages can be sent a variety of different 
                                  ways including: networked computers, e-mail, 
                                  internet web pages, command line executables, 
                                  text files, a serial port, from within other 
                                  applications and a host of other methods. messages can be sent to the telecom 
                                  provider via: the internet (snpp, wctp, smtp), 
                                  modems (tap, ucp, gsm, tone), or direct serial 
                                  connections (tap).
 pagegate is a high capacity 
                                  software application, with built in redundancy 
                                  and fail over capabilities ensuring that urgent 
                                  text messages are sent in a timely manner.






notepager pro
text messaging software solution for standalone 
                                  computers 
























notepager pro sends text or 
                                  sms messages to wireless devices, mobile phones, 
                                  and cell phones using an easy to use desktop 
                                  application. notepager pro sends sms messages 
                                  or text messages through an internet connection, 
                                  modem or a cellular modem. 
notepager pro supports group 
                                  messaging, pre-programmed messages and scheduled 
                                  messaging. send sms to anyone, anywhere, any 
                                  time! 






 


 


 


google+










 
 









[07.08.2022]

 new pagegate v10 is now available
                          pagegate v10 includes a number of new features and benefits, including enhanced two way messaging capabilities, optional support for sql databases and a host of other enhancements.  

learn what is new 











[03.22.2022]

 new changes for smtp delivery
                          due to the large volume of spam  messages being sent using smtp, many of the carriers have implemented anti-spam  protocols which are impacting legitimate messages being sent using email  delivery. as a result the carriers public email-to-sms gateways are no longer  reliable for moderate or high volume environments and should not be used on  systems planning to send more than 250 messages per day. contact us to discuss alternative delivery methods! 

discuss options 











[12.20.2021]

 new statement on log4j vulnerability
                          we would like to assure our customers that the newly publicized log4shell 0-day exploit does not effect any of our products. we do not use any of the effected libraries.

learn 
                            more 











[02.07.2019]

 filter pack increases flexibility and power
                          the filter  pack allows for integrated communications and brings text messaging to a whole  new level.

learn 
                            more 











 [11.03.2015]

  educational articles on sms                          
                          great series of new articles added to the education 
section:

learn 
                            more 












 [07.23.2015]

  notepager pro v5
                          notepager pro version 5 is now available:

learn 
                            more 












 [01.31.2015]

 verizon is discontinuing tap
                          verizon is discontinuing support for tap:

learn 
                            more 












 [03.24.13]

text messaging cartoons
                          need a laugh? checkout some text messaging cartoons 
and techie humor! 

learn 
                            more 












 [04.18.12]

orion integration video
                          video tutorial steps customers through integrating solarwinds 
orion and pagegate to send network alerts to cell phones 
and wireless devices.

learn 
                            more 












 [01.30.12]

prtg integration video
                          video tutorial that walks visitors through the process 
of integration prtg network monitoring software and 
pagegate to send alerts to mobile phones.

learn 
                            more 












 [2.03.10]

sms learning center launched
                          the sms and text messaging center includes interactive 
video tutorials, educational articles and support resources 
all pertinent to the sending of text and sms messages.

learn 
                            more 
























 

























copyright 1996-2025 
                          notepage, inc. privacy 
                          policy
                          view mobile version notepage.net 
sales@notepage.net



 


















