






ser: home page




















 


welcome members & friends


welcome members & friends








menu  


  sec home (current) 

  about us 
  about page  leadership   mission   philosophy   purpose   history   bylaws / operating guidelines 

 wocn® info  contact us  


  conference 
  conference main page   hotel info  attendee information 
 exhibitor information 

 past conference   future conference 

 ce certificate copy request 

 wocn® info  contact us  

  news  
  awards  
  scholarships  
  elections 
  links  
  contact us  
 





 







  


join  us in orlando for wocnext in collaboration with the southeast chapter of the  wocnâ®”
june 1-3, 2025
orlando, fl





awards / scholarships
awards nomination information

scholarship application information










2024 board members
 
           
cyncerã© neal, president
 cordelia lucas-sherrod,  president elect
 hannah cleveland, secretary
 deborah nelson, treasurer
 donna byfield, director of awards
 bryan duttman, director of conference planning
 misty edwards, director of communications
 sonya hicks, director of special projects
 nancy scott, elections chair
 



elections
election information
 




message from our  president ~
as a dear friend reminded me, the beginning of the new year is a time to stop and reflect on our 2023 journey as a chapter/region. this year is filled with uncertainty and spirited from challenges and trials. as you know, the wocnâ®   society is moving forward with their timeline for the reorganization plans. the community online portal has now been set up! the membership will receive an email as well as posting to social media to inform on how to become engaged within their respective chapter community. we will do our best to keep you informed of the reorganization palns and encourage you to participate in the chapter community. 
despite unexpected hiccups, we had a very productive winter 2024 board meeting. plans are underway for the fall conference "building bridges in the scenic city: expanding woc practice", august 22-24, 2024 in chattanooga, tennessee. this is a wonderful opportunity for members from tennessee to volunteer to execute plans and gain networking opportunities to ensure our attendees have a fabulous conference. you will obtain pgp points for your service to the southeast chapter/region and hopefully be inspired to consider running for an office with the board.
as we navigate through this season of change, let's rewrite and/or highlight our chapter's narrative so that at the end of the year we will reflect on a better version of us, strong and resilient.
sincerely,
cyncerã© neal, msn, rn, fnp-bc, cwcn
          president ser wocn®



thanks to our 2023 
        conference sponsors
click logos to visit websites


diamond $10,000+
 



gold $6,000 - $9,999
 
 
 



silver $3,000 - $5,999
 
 
 



unrestricted educational grant
 








calendars of important dates







2025 conference timeline
september 1: awards/scholarship applications open 
december 31: awards/scholarship applications deadline
february 7: recipient notification
june 2025: awards presented at wocnext in orlanda, fl





2025 elections timeline
september 1: open board positions and consent to serve posted
january 1: consent to serve forms due
january 15: candidate profiles posted
february 1: online voting opens 
march 1: online voting closes 
june 2025: election results announced at wocnext in orlando, fl 



uoaa is offering a scholarship award  to help increase access to a certified ostomy care nurse (cocn) in the us to improve ostomy care and encourage more rns to pursue a career as a nurse specialized in ostomy care. details and application available here.






 


wocnâ® society updates
check out the new wocnâ® communities
information regarding the reorganization

 

elections
election information
 







social media links




















 our mission:
wound, ostomy and continence (woc) nursing is a multifaceted, evidence based practice incorporating a unique body of knowledge to provide excellence in prevention, health maintenance, therapeutic intervention, and rehabilitative nursing care to persons with select disorders of the gastrointestinal, genitourinary and integument systems. this complex, interdependent specialty encompasses the care of all patient populations across the continuum of care while providing a pivotal role as educator, researcher and resource throughout the healthcare community. woc nursing directs its efforts at improving the quality of life for individuals with wound, ostomy and continence concerns. 









home   contact us
© sec of the wocn® society 2009 - 2024 all rights reserved.

 

you must enable javascript for this website







