


old man murray




















home


news


reviews


features


about




search for:





america wins the waras much as we enjoyed not updating as a condition of our advisory position
            in service to the u.s. government during our recent war against terrorism, we're finally
            back. as a big welcome back present to ourselves, we took a break and didn't update for a
            while longer. then, we did.12 days of christmas, complaints about return to wolfenstein"12 days of christmas and complaints about return to castle
            wolfenstein week" kicks off. moving from back
            to front, we first discuss the boss monster. spoiler alert! unless you watched the opening
            movie. for those of you who celebrate chanukah, feel free to think of the article as "12
            days of christmas and chanukah sucks".america under attackwe're not gonna pussyfoot around this: terrorists blew up the world trade
            center.  we know it and you know it, and there isn't any other topic on the planet
            that amounts to much in the aftermath of it.  as much as we&#39d like to think up some
            mildly positive spin to this, such as the new possibility that we might get to see cat
            stevens killed on live television, we can't.  frankly, it's the first explosive act
            in what will probably be the end of the world.  luckily for you, unlike many stars of
            stage and screen, erik's all cried out now and there's only rage left in the parts of his
            head where tears used to be. he's a gamer.  that's who he is, that's what he does,
            that's all he knows, and that's how he plans to avenge us all.e3 2001starting at the airport, where i bought a copy daniel evans' novel
            "glory hole" thinking it was a tale of bravery in the trenches during world war
            1, e3 turned out to be four days of constant surprises.  the big shock this year?
            glory hole is not a military term.  but like the novel "glory hole", e3
            turned out to still be pretty good.  well, i guess i've talked enough about glory
            holes for one update, so i'll sit here quietly and just think about them while you read e3 2000 part 2: e3 2001!welcome back messagei'll be honest with you: i don't know what happened.  to make up for
            our extended leave of absence, i've written a letter
            of explanation that includes three or four hidden game reviews.  as a further act
            of contrition, i've hidden them in plain sight.  the letter also includes a rap about
            black and white.  remarkably, no apology for the rap will be necessary since it's
            actually "quite dope", as the oxford-educated butler on a upn sitcom guest
            starring dmx might say.serious sam: the second interviewserious sam's out.  to celebrate, we've landed yet another exclusive interview with croteam's
            roman ribaric.  in it, he once again sticks it to the man.  as usual, the man
            becomes red-faced and shakes his fist at roman.  you don't have to be against the man
            to enjoy this interview, but it helps.  continuing our long tradition of service to
            the community, we've made it easier than ever for you to access the interview by providing
            three points of entry.  click here, here, or here.2000 edgy game of the year awardswe are back with our first ever year end
            awards.  every day for the next six days we will be giving out an award in a new
            best of category.  
intro
best tribes 2 screen shot
best use of norse
            mythology
reviewer's tilt
the winner!
            for those of you worried about our recent money troubles.  stop just mailing in and
            offering us your sympathy. you can make a difference. yes,  a mere reader like you can
            help.  just blow up the image on the right and print out as many as you can.  
            then staple them to telephone poles in your area.   for maximum coverage - make
            your own and vary the wallet color.   thanks.freedom: first resistance reviewunlike every other goddamn site, we're not going to ruin the
            suspense and tell you right from the very first paragraph how we feel about a game.  
            instead, we're going to state a few facts, drop a couple of subtle hints, and then only
            tell you whether or not we like the game at the very end.  see if you're clever - and
            brave! - enough to guess our opinion... before we even express it!american mcgee's alice reviewan omm first!  in an edgy display of opinion giving, we review gunman chronicles, american mcgee's
            alice, and a little bit of giants.  we even like one of them.  click on the word
            giants to find out which one.dreamcast contestjust in time for christmas, we're giving away a dreamcast and five great games
            and shenmue.  my goddamn back arrow key isn't working, so pretend the three
            exclamation points at the end of this sentence  are at the end of the previous
            sentence!!!  for once we thought ahead and actually had all the prize stuff in our
            hands before we announced the contest.no one lives forever reviewno one lives forever rocks! 'nuff
        said!!!rune review rebuttalelection 2000 is almost over, and once again neither candidate appears interested
        in protecting my right to bear arms against fetuses.  how long will it be before some
        jackbooted unborn lunatic decides to try to tax my tea and, thanks to big government, i'm
        left with no legal recourse?  i predict eight months.  sure scientists will tell
        you that there's always the partial birth abortion.  that's a good plan, if i
        was a scientist.  dear nobel prize patrol, i can't even get the blair witch
        2 demo to install right.  how the hell am i supposed to perform a partial birth
        abortion, for chrissake?  i say you eggheads keep yakkin'.  me and ms. colt 44
        hollow point ornate nickel-plated derringer prefer the working man's full magnum abortion.
          adding to all the political uncertainty, chet has written a scathing rebuttal of my rune review.  great.
          just fucking great.how to get rich quick - part 2bad candy mark buys us a playstation 2 so that we can sell it for ten times
        what it's worth on ebay, and lightsout
        entertainment is there to capture it all on digital video.  not since triumph of
        the will has such questionable behavior been so artfully presented. click here or here for all the
        details.rune reviewafter our brief summer/fall hiatus, we're back on track with more of our
        patent-application-filling-out-pending long reviews.  first up, rune.  while
        you're probably not surprised that erik doesn't like it, you might be surprised by the
        fact that erik doesn't like it!  if you're so jaded that you're not
        even surprised by bolding, you're just the kind of person we're trying to reach with the rune review.how to get rich quick - part 1just because we're not as big as something awful doesn't mean our financial woes
        are any less severe.  with chet gone on business, erik has decided to single-handedly
        solve all of our money problems.  and he's convinced bad candy mark to help him.  read all about it.  stay tuned all week as we report
        on our progress.  a lucky reader may even win one million dollars,
        though not as a result of anything having to do with this article, old man murray or
        ugo.  please note that the article contains
        never before seen word sequences mocking daily radar's legend of zelda: majora's mask
        review.  click on this dollar sign to continue: $omm vs. the secret servicethe amazing true story of earth
        vs. the united states secret service!  representing earth: erik, seanbaby, and,
        for a few minutes, chet.  what's the "secret" the u.s. secret service
        pledge their lives to protect?  it turns out, there isn't one.  their name just
        makes it sound like there is.  however, we did learn that special agents make even
        specialer... friends.  and you know what?  maybe that's
        the secret.  because no matter what the lady who answers the phone at the secret
        service says, i'm still pretty sure there's a secret.  click to confirm you do not want to
        harm the president.death of adventure gamesadventure games have been dying for fifteen years.  according to an article
        at gamecenter, they're now completely deceased.  we spent two weeks poking the corpse
        with straws to make sure it really was dead before filing this report on who killed
        adventure games.  note to the united states secret service:  we said adventure
        games.


hosting provided by poehosting.comcopyright 1997-2003 oldmanmurray.com








