










        
    home

    



































skip to main content











  
                login
            



                register
            














top navigation menus





home


                                schools
                                


taylor county primary school
taylor county elementary school
steinhatchee school 
taylor county middle school
taylor county high school
big bend technical college




                                about tcsd
                                


district vision and guiding principles




                                school board
                                


board docs
members
school board meeting videos
about the school board of taylor county
meet the board attorney




                                students & parents
                                


anti-bullying policy
back to school
attendance
care solace
career & technical education (cte)
cares act
dangers and consequences of vaping
school safety
documents and forms
early childhood education cte program
english language learners
federal title programs
fldoe report card
home school information
homeless education
instructional resources
mental health
multi-tiered systems of support
parental involvement
school improvement plans
scholarships and school choice
school supply lists
social media policy
student services
tcms and tchs sporting event ruled
student wellness
transcript request form
virtual school




                                departments
                                


accounts payable
employee benefits
curriculum
exceptional student education
facilities and maintenance
finance
food services

human resources

teachers of the year and school- related employees of the year
district policies and disclaimers
job openings
employees documents and forms
teacher certification


payroll
professional development
purchasing
technology
transportation


calendar


                                resources
                                


volunteers and mentors




                                employees
                                


check email
skyward login
classlink




                                bids
                                


request for bids
awarded bids
sign up to receive notifications


contact us






























search













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































previous



next






































































































focus parent instructions 






















searchable book library 
















accessing fast scores






parents and guardians,to access your students f.a.s.t. scores please log in to the parent focus portal and click on the florida statewide assessments image. this will direct you to their results.



















check out the awesome things happening in our schools 








news from around the district










                            taylor county competitive stem team
                        








                            2023-2024 taylor county school district's teacher of the year
                        








                            tcms boys track team
                        








                            georgia-pacific donation to steam
                        








                            2022-2023 principal of the year
                        








                            2022-2023 district teacher of the year
                        








                            2022-2023 district school related employee of the year
                        








                            tcms girls soccer win district championship
                        








                            tchs cadets warming up
                        








                            tchs ffa banquet
                        








                            jrotc teaches teamwork
                        








                            tcps holds ribbon cutting ceremony
                        








                            tcms stem teams earns 2nd place in national competition
                        








                            bbtc students win fl. region 1 skills conference
                        








                            equine therapist visits tchs
                        








                            tcps palindrome time capsule
                        








                            postcards to space
                        








                            ffa mock meat judging clinic
                        








                            steinhatchee school completes tricycle track improvements
                        








                            bbtc receives $2 million award
                        








                            4-h  florida power and light speech contest
                        








                            steinhatchee school celebrates consecutive a’s
                        








                            bbtc welder winners
                        








                            book vending machine project
                        








                            steinhatchee 3rd grade goes virtual
                        








                            tchs bulldogs football team honors cycless
                        








                            stem at steinhatchee school
                        








                            sheri moon celebration
                        








                            bulldog educational enterprise
                        








                            dr. emerick discusses covid-19 with tcsd administrators
                        








                            fasro
                        








                            teacher of the year gala
                        








                            schools host update for new school year
                        








                            tcsd helps with food giveaways
                        








                            news from bbtc
                        








                            bbtc director receives honorary degree
                        








                            national skillsusa  results
                        








                            jrotc goes to nationals!
                        








                            tchs lady bulldogs  softball team makes it to quarter finals
                        








                            super lunch hero day; may 7, 2021
                        








                            tcms track and field students are off to state!!
                        








                            school nurses
                        








                            tcsd appreciates district staff during staff appreciation week
                        








                            taylor county school board hosts safety training
                        


















                            taylor county competitive stem team
                        








                            2023-2024 taylor county school district's teacher of the year
                        








                            tcms boys track team
                        








                            georgia-pacific donation to steam
                        








                            2022-2023 principal of the year
                        








                            2022-2023 district teacher of the year
                        








                            2022-2023 district school related employee of the year
                        








                            tcms girls soccer win district championship
                        








                            tchs cadets warming up
                        








                            tchs ffa banquet
                        








                            jrotc teaches teamwork
                        








                            tcps holds ribbon cutting ceremony
                        








                            tcms stem teams earns 2nd place in national competition
                        








                            bbtc students win fl. region 1 skills conference
                        








                            equine therapist visits tchs
                        








                            tcps palindrome time capsule
                        








                            postcards to space
                        








                            ffa mock meat judging clinic
                        








                            steinhatchee school completes tricycle track improvements
                        








                            bbtc receives $2 million award
                        








                            4-h  florida power and light speech contest
                        








                            steinhatchee school celebrates consecutive a’s
                        








                            bbtc welder winners
                        








                            book vending machine project
                        








                            steinhatchee 3rd grade goes virtual
                        








                            tchs bulldogs football team honors cycless
                        








                            stem at steinhatchee school
                        








                            sheri moon celebration
                        








                            bulldog educational enterprise
                        








                            dr. emerick discusses covid-19 with tcsd administrators
                        








                            fasro
                        








                            teacher of the year gala
                        








                            schools host update for new school year
                        








                            tcsd helps with food giveaways
                        








                            news from bbtc
                        








                            bbtc director receives honorary degree
                        








                            national skillsusa  results
                        








                            jrotc goes to nationals!
                        








                            tchs lady bulldogs  softball team makes it to quarter finals
                        








                            super lunch hero day; may 7, 2021
                        








                            tcms track and field students are off to state!!
                        








                            school nurses
                        








                            tcsd appreciates district staff during staff appreciation week
                        








                            taylor county school board hosts safety training
                        













                view all
            
















            welcome to taylor county school district
        

over 2,800 students attend public schools in taylor county.  the taylor county school district is committed to providing a safe, supportive, unified environment that empowers students and educators to work collaboratively as successful life-long learners positively impacting our community. this website 
provides our district a unique opportunity to showcase the many 
outstanding schools and programs within our county. please don't 
hesitate to contact us and let us know if we can be of assistance to 
you.


























fortify fl is a suspicious  activity reporting tool that allows students to instantly relay information to appropriate law enforcement agencies and school officials. anyone who knowingly submits a false tip through fortify florida, may be subject to further investigations by law enforcement as well as subject to penalties.




































taylor county school district provides free breakfast and lunch to all students.


















florida empowerment scholarship 





the family empowerment scholarship (fes) program was established during the 2019 legislative session to enhance florida's menu of education options. it will provide children whose families have limited financial resources with the opportunity to attend the school that best meets their needs and enables them to reach their academic goals.  if you need further information please contact mrs. jill rudd (tcsd director of instruction) at 1-850-838-2500 or you can email her at jill.rudd@taylor.k12.fl.us . link to family empowerment scholarship page on fldoe website:http://www.fldoe.org/schools/school-choice/k-12-scholarship-programs/fes/for additional resources please use the following link:https://www.taylor.k12.fl.us/parentalinvolvement












district calendars






                            2024-25 board meeting dates
                        





                            2023-24 board meeting dates updated 6-12-24
                        





                            k-12 uniform assessment calendar 2024-2025
                        





                            2023-2024 school calendar
                        





                            2024-2025 school calendar
                        





                            2022-2023 school calendar
                        














district budgets






                            2024-2025 tentative budget
                        





                            2023-2024 budget final
                        














frequently requested forms






                            transcript request form
                        
























parent hot links 











                                    homeschool and assessment information
                                

                                    this paper outlines information regarding homeschooling, assessment and graduation.
                                


                                            homeschool assessment information
                                        






                                    district and school grades  from fl doe 2023-2024
                                

                                    doe provides district and school site grades along with other district information.
                                


                                            taylor county district and school report cards 2023-2024
                                        






                                    florida empowerment scholarship information
                                

                                    the family empowerment scholarship (fes) program was established during the 2019 legislative session to enhance florida's menu of education options. it will provide children whose families have limited financial resources with the opportunity to attend the school that best meets their needs and enables them to reach their academic goals.
                                


                                            information about the florida empowerment scholarship
                                        






                                    florida assessment parent portal brochure
                                

                                    this brochure explains how to access your child's florida assessment results and print score reports
                                


                                            florida assessment parent portal brochure
                                        






                                    steinhatchee school celebrates consecutive a's for school grade
                                

                                    steinhatchee school  is an a school for two consecutive years
                                


                                            steinhatchee school consecutive as article
                                        






                                    school board meeting videos
                                

                                    see the latest school board meeting  video
                                


                                            latest school board video
                                        






                                    scholarship information
                                

                                    learn about scholarship information for beyond high school and for current struggling students.
                                


                                            scholarship information for parents and students
                                        






                                    career and technical education in taylor county
                                

                                    students and parents learn about exciting career and technical education opportunities in taylor county
                                


                                            career and technical education 
                                        










 





















 taylor county schools is not responsible for the content
provided on “related” and “promoted” videos that are accessible from our school
media sites.  these related videos and comments expressed on them do not
reflect the opinions and position of taylor county schools or its employees.










events 






calendar links












                                    district calendar
                                




                                    steinhatchee
                                




                                    tces
                                




                                    tchs share with district
                                




                                    tcms
                                




                                    tcps
                                




                                    tcsd 24-25 school calendar
                                








 export
                










month


week


day





[date]













































318 north clark stperry, fl 32347ph: 850-838-2500






















site map










social media disclaimer












the school board of taylor county, florida does not discriminate in admission or access to, or treatment or employment in, its programs and activities on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, marital status, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other reason prohibited by law. regarding not-discrimination. see 34 c.f.r.100.6(d); 34 c.f.r. 106.9; 34 c.f.r. 110.25. in addition, the school board provides equal access to the boys scouts and other designated youth groups. this holds true for all students who are interested in participating in educational programs and/or extracurricular school activities. see 34 c.f.r. 108.9. disabled individuals needing reasonable accommodations to participate in and enjoy the benefits of services, programs, and activities of the school board are required in advance to notify the administrator at the school/center at which the event or service is offered to request reasonable accommodations. the lack of english language skills will not be a barrier to any opportunity or event associated with taylor county schools. questions, complaints, or request for additional information regarding discrimination or harassment may be sent to: kiki puhl- director of personnel, 318 n. clark st. perry, fl. 32347: 850-838-2500/ kiki.puhl@taylor.k12.fl.us






copyright © 2025 taylor county school district


 
















