






















city of delphos | delphos, oh














  skip to main content












pay your utility bill


contact us


receive updates



















menu









government






departments





mayor and administration




city council




fire & ems




parks & recreation




maintenance




police department




wastewater plant




water department




zoning




income tax







public information





city council meetings




codified ordinances




ordinances




resolutions









community






about us





history




contact us




calendar







customer service





bid specs




documents & forms




employment opportunities




projects




refuse and recycling calendar







directory





churches




schools




clubs and groups




delphos public library









news





search
        terms















delphos ohio
        america's friendliest city
      
608 north canal street
delphos ohio 45833
(419) 695-4010
contact us








news
   
    and featured section
      


news




cleveland street bridge project


                        

              the city of delphos in partnership with the ohio department of transportation (odot), has proposed a project to reconstruct the bridge on cleveland street over flat fork creek. the project is necessary to replace an aging infrastructure. the bridge is located in the regulated floodplain of flat fork creek. the project will be designed with minimal impact to the floodplain. it will be necessary to have temporary road closures and detours during construction. access to all nearby properties will be maintained. the summary of floodplain impacts - statement of findings can be found in the pdf...


      
          



                friday, january 17, 2025 at 8:40 am
              







limited environmental review and finding of no significant impact


                        

              the attached limited environmental review (ler) is for a storm sewer repair and replacement project in allen county which the ohio environmental protection agency (ohio epa) intends to finance through its water pollution control loan fund (wpclf) below-market interest rate revolving loan program.


      
          



                friday, october 4, 2024 at 8:13 am
              





view all news


featured




service line inventory survey







                        

              the united states environmental protection agency (epa) published the lead and copper rule revisions (lcrr) in january 2021. these revisions to the lead and copper rule require all community water...


      
          

learn more






welcome to our website







                        

              we are pleased to announce the launch of our brand new website! after months of hard work and dedication, we are delighted to officially announce the launch.


      
          

learn more




view all featured














pay ems bill online
we’ve made it easy for you to pay your ems bill using our online payment system.
pay ems bill online





accuweather
local weather conditions from our friends at accuweather

accuweather









pay your utility bill
we’ve made it easy for you to pay your utility bill using our online payment system.
pay your utility bill





pay your income tax bill
we’ve made it easy for you to pay your income tax bill using our online payment system.
pay your income tax bill

















america's friendliest city
located in northwest ohio, delphos is nestled along the historic lincoln highway. established as a major port along the miami erie canal in the 1800s, the city has grown to enjoy an international reputation as a manufacturing center.
read more








return to top

















city of delphos












city of delphos



(419) 695-4010


                                                            608 north canal street                                                             delphos, oh 45833
                                                        








                        website by muni-link
                            webpresence |
                                                    accessibility statement |
                                                                             terms
                                of use |
                                                                             privacy
                                policy |
                                                 sitemap |
                                                                          log in















