



































































the times and democrat | breaking news | read orangeburg, sc and south carolina breaking news. get latest news, events and information on south carolina sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















31°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



state & regional



crime



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


editorials



letters



columnists



cartoons



submit a letter




sports


high school



bulldog zone



panther den



college



outdoors



professional




lifestyles


events calendar



movies & tv



music



comics



games



contests



play



food



home & garden



health



get healthy



pets



people



announcements




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections



newspapers in education




buy & sell


cars



marketplace



place an ad



jobs



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs








31°
sunny
























        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            plans to grow - orangeburg high school for health professions plans $14 million addition

the orangeburg high school for health professions charter school is expanding to accommodate a growing student population.

















        
        
            longtime claflin president henry tisdale talks about book launch

dr. henry n. tisdale launches book at claflin university, shares transformative leadership strategies and faith-driven journey, emphasizing the importance of vision and mentorship.

















        
        
            shopper - man exposed himself in walmart neighborhood market in orangeburg

orangeburg department of public safetya shopper claims a young male exposed himself to her at the walmart neighborhood market located at 332 stonewall jackson boulevard, according to an incident report.

















        
        
            orangeburg county development commission - new development director brings experience to position

orangeburg county’s new economic development director, ronnie l. bryant, has long experience in the field and is very familiar with the county.

















        
        
            musc health-orangeburg ceo outlines service strategies for bamberg county at county council meeting

musc health-orangeburg ceo walter bennett iii presented expansions in specialist care and research opportunities at a recent bamberg county council meeting.

















        
        
            orangeburg man accused of sex act with 15-year-old

an orangeburg man is accused of committing a sex act on a 15-year-old.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            orangeburg man accused of sex act with 15-year-old


















        
        
            driver identified in fatal bamberg county crash


















        
        
            orangeburg man accused of setting mother’s home on fire with her in it -    report: mother  stopped second  attempt with gun















                
                the latest



















        
        
            orangeburg neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published in the times and democrat 





















        
        
            february 17 recap: orangeburg news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from the times and democrat. 





















        
        
            orangeburg neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published in the times and democrat 





















        
        
            orangeburg neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in the times and democrat 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react




















        
        
            presidents' day protesters gather in opposition of the trump administration












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            t&d region sports: lake marion gators topple hampton county

varsity basketball 




















        
        
            gamecocks selected as early no. 1 seed in ncaa tournament reveal

ucla, south carolina, texas, and notre dame are projected as the top seeds in the women's ncaa tournament first reveal, with ucla as the overall no. 1 seed.




















        
        
            clemson baseball: tigers go 2-1 to open season

sunday 




















        
        
            no. 3 gators take a bite out of gamecocks

in a dominant performance, no. 3 florida defeats south carolina 88-67 despite missing key players, with aberdeen and haugh shining.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            the modern obsession with tracking everything

provided content. keeping tabs on every aspect of life has become a standard for many people. schedules on phones, to-do lists, fitness trackers, social media notifications and stock trends ping on our devices on a regular basis.












contributor








        
        
            how ai is transforming personal branding: the rise of creative headshots

contributor content. ai can help professionals embrace their unique traits for creative headshots that perfectly capture who someone is as a person and who they are within their industry. 












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            town of elloree



                                        po box 28, elloree, sc 29047
                                    






 website






















        
        
            belk newspaper serv. of amer.



                                        po box 7037, downers grove, il 29003
                                    






















        
        
            fielding home for funerals



                                        122 logan st, charleston, sc 29402
                                    



 website

































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


news

local

life & entertainment

life and style

sports

privacy policy

online features 

work here

get healthy




services


anniversary

birth

engagement

wedding

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the times and democrat, 1010 broughton street orangeburg, sc 29115
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































