





uucmc – unitarian universalist congregation of monmouth county
























 






skip to content








sunday service: 10:30 am 

facebookinstagramyoutube 










 welcomewho we arenewcomerscommon questionswelcome letter from our ministerpath to membershipmeet our ministerminister’s monthly columncontact usdirector of fmmusic directordirectionsgrowworshipupcoming servicessunday morning dialogmonthly themesmeditationsfaith developmentchildrenyouthadultfamily ministryregistrationparticipatecovenant circlescommon readmusic programsgroupsserveget involvedvolunteer opportunities at uucmcsocial justicesj newsletterracial justicewelcoming congregationclimate changenewsupcoming eventscalendargivingannual pledgefundraisersannual auctionshare the plateplanned giving 


search for:


















loading...







carrying love out 











bring love to a hurting world 











create joy at every age 











add your voice 














homejulie2025-02-18t13:36:14-05:00 
community has become even more important in these challenging times. we offer multiple ways to connect. 
we invite you to enjoy our sunday morning services! join us!
for those who cannot make it in person to services, we offer livestreaming via youtube. see this week’s service announcement directly below with the link. (click on the picture.)
sunday morning service videos can be accessed at your convenience on our worship page or youtube channel.
join us march 2nd for our next sunday morning dialog.  click here for more information.
rev. craig hosts thursday tea time at 4pm on zoom the weeks he is in the pulpit.  click here to find the link.
february 23rd, 10:30am
in person and livestreamed
uniquely human
michelle mckenzie-creech, cdfm
what does it mean to honor the full spectrum of human experience? this sunday, we’ll delve into the concept of neurodiversity—celebrating the diverse ways our brains work, and the shared humanity that connects us all. together, we’ll reflect on how embracing these differences can deepen our understanding of inclusion and create a more compassionate world.
music: tenson liang
the weekly service and thursday tea time links are sent out via email each week. in addition, our weekly eblast that comes out on thursday mornings has loads of information about uucmc happenings. if you are not already on our email list, click the button in the footer to sign up. our facebook page (click here) is also updated as information unfolds.
we welcome you into our meetinghouse or you can join us in community from your homes.

welcome!
sunday services
faith development
social justice
upcoming events
february monthly theme: the practice of inclusion

inclusion is being invited to a house and being able to rearrange the furniture.
jane silber
it is not our differences that divide us. it is our inability to recognize, accept, and celebrate those differences.
audre lorde
there is something to being chosen that is uniquely healing.
cole arthur riley
if justice is what love looks like in public, then inclusion is what love looks like among groups.
rev. matthew johnson
i believe every inch of america is sacred, from sea to shining sea. i believe we make it holy by who we welcome and by how we relate to each other.
eboo patel
it’s okay to distance yourself from spaces that demand a version of you that no longer is true. belonging shouldn’t depend on an illusion.
cole arthur riley
diversity is being invited to the party; inclusion is being asked to dance.
verna myers



 
 







1475 west front st., lincroft, nj  07738
phone: 732-747-0707
email: uucmc@uucmc.org

 

 sunday services ~ 
10:30am
sunday morning dialog ~
9am sept. through may
 

 join our email list

 






 

 
 
 





		copyright 2016-2023, uucmc all rights reservedsite hosted by euro-pacific digital 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link












go to top




