









kansas city symphony - orchestra event tickets


































  


















skip to main content








kansas city symphony 

concerts
give
education
about us
login
 


account
cart



toggle search


toggle navigation
menu













search


close search


concerts & ticketstoggle dropdown

season subscriptionscalendarmobile music box outdoor concertssubscriber benefitsseating chartticket exchanges & donationsticket discountsgift certificatessymphony box officeeducational programming

plan your visittoggle dropdown

program noteshow to prepareparking & transportationconcert commentshotels & attractionsaccessibilityvenuefaq

watch & listentoggle dropdown

beethoven walks into a bar91.9 classical kc broadcastsprogram notesmusic talk video seriesyour kc symphony in the newsconcert playlistsvideosgift shop

community & educationtoggle dropdown

education, family & learningin the communitymobile music boxmusic talk video seriesschool programsyoung artistskansas city symphony celebration at the station

support ustoggle dropdown

individual givinglegacy givingsponsorship opportunitiesforte: a kc symphony young professionals’ eventspecial eventsget involved

about ustoggle dropdown

musiciansadministrationboard of directorsemploymentin the communityawards & recognitionfinancial informationnews

contact us
 






search


 


 


 





 previous
next




pictures at an exhibition





                                an extraordinary symphonic journey!                            


february 21-23










 previous
next




cody fry with the kansas city symphony





                                one night only - friday, february 28                            


witness an innovative blend of pop and cinematic classical music










 previous
next




sonic time table with project trio





                                family series concert - sunday, february 2                            


experience high energy virtuosity










 previous
next




how to train your dragon™ in concert





                                a thrilling adventure for all ages!                            


march 7-9










 previous
next




romeo and juliet





                                tragic love meets prokofiev's musical genius!                            


march 14-16









scroll down
 











                                            join us for matthias pintscher's inaugural season!                                        


2024/25 season details



















creating moments to remember through the power of live music. we are your…
kansas city symphony










2024/25 season ticket packages available now

                                            fantastic music. new, memorable experiences.                                        



 

click here to learn more!





2024/25 season ticket packages available now

                                                    fantastic music. new, memorable experiences.                                                



                                                    magnificent musicianship that will refresh and recharge you! kc's premier live music experience is right here. let's make great memories together. curated season ticket packages filled with musical fireworks and new, memorable experiences. secure the best available seats now.                                                

                                                    click here to learn more!                                                










experience

                                            what to expect at the symphony                                        



 

get prepared





experience

                                                    what to expect at the symphony                                                



                                                    expect to enjoy yourself! there’s no need to study, but we do have notes, podcasts and playlists and more for your enjoyment.                                                

                                                    get prepared                                                










community

                                            learning through orchestral music                                        



 

explore





community

                                                    learning through orchestral music                                                



                                                    from programming in helzberg hall to community outreach, we have programs for people throughout the community to experience hands-on access to the symphonic music.                                                

                                                    explore                                                


















                                            thanks to our featured sponsor                                        




 humana














                                        spotlight  | principal tuba, frank byrne chair                                    
joe lefevre



 



                                        spotlight | principal tuba, frank byrne chair                                    
joe lefevre
joe lefevre joined the kansas city symphony in 2018. prior to this appointment, he was principal tuba of the civic orchestra of chicago. lefevre holds a bachelor’s degree in tuba performance with an emphasis in music education from michigan state university. he has studied with phil sinder, gene pokorny, mike roylance, dennis nulty, deanna swoboda, jacob cameron and bill short. he has performed as soloist with the kansas city symphony, michigan state university wind symphony, and civic orchestra of chicago. in addition, he has subbed with the chicago symphony orchestra, los angeles philharmonic, st. louis symphony orchestra, detroit symphony orchestra, the santa fe opera, and cincinnati pops orchestra, and he was a tanglewood music center fellow in 2016. lefevre was won and medaled in various international competitions including the leonard falcone international tuba and euphonium festival competition and the international tuba and euphonium conference soloist competition. in 2013, lefevre was a member of the michigan state spartan marching band when they performed at the 100th rose bowl game.
lefevre is a native of kalamazoo, michigan. in his spare time, he enjoys triathlon, collecting watches, fantasy football, and spending time with family and friends. he is an avid sports fan and lifelong baseball and football enthusiast. joe has adopted the chiefs however despite kansas city’s best intentions, he remains a devoted detroit tigers fan. joe and his wife call kansas city home and live with their three dogs ash, luna, and toby.





view bio












lateststay in the loop. 

view all





 

10/28/24
make the kansas city symphony a ‘must-see’  on your holiday list


make the kansas city symphony a ‘must-see’  on your holiday list







 

10/17/24
kansas city symphony presents fun and family-friendly concerts for the 2024-2025 season


kansas city symphony presents fun and family-friendly concerts for the 2024-2025 season





 

09/25/24
kansas city symphony announces new assistant conductors for 2024/2025 and welcomes five new musicians


kansas city symphony announces new assistant conductors for 2024/2025 and welcomes five new musicians








view all














 












concerts

calendar
subscriptions
ticket discounts
symphony box office
watch & listen
 

visit

plan your visit
parking & transportation
seating chart
accessibility
faq
 

about

musicians
careers
chorus auditions
news
press
e newsletter sign up
 









intranet








follow us



 facebook




 instagram




 youtube




 twitter




 tiktok





contact us






privacy policy
 all content © kansas city symphony 2025










 








