




george kramer, m.d. | advanced medicine alternatives










































































 skip to main content skip to header right navigation skip to site footeradvanced medicine alternativesget back to the active life you lovemenuabout

our philosophy
conditions we treat
meet dr. kramer


treatments

prolozone®
prolotherapy
regenerative medicine
neural therapy


patients

new patients – what to expect
patient forms
payment policy


contact
resources

articles / newsletters
testimonials
frequently asked questions
dr. kramer on podcasts
additional resources


shop
appointments


pain relief and healing
get back to the active life you love!

request an appointment









natural & regenerative musculoskeletal healing
george kramer, m.d.

meet dr. kramer






































regenerative medicine treatments
non-surgical, orthopedic regenerative medicine injection treatments that stimulate your body’s natural healing process to repair joint, neck, back, and other musculoskeletal pain problems



prolozone
regenerative medicine injection technique using the combined power of prolotherapy with oxygen to speed healing and decrease pain.



prolotherapy
regenerative medicine injection that heals musculoskeletal and connective tissue joint pain.



regenerative medicine
injection of signaling cells that promotes the repair response of diseased, dysfunctional, or injured tissue.



neural therapy
regenerative medicine injection treatment that resolves autonomic nervous system dysfunction and pain, especially in the complex pain patient.




conditions we treat




people suffering from:

pain
arthritis
wear and tear on joints
sports/old & new injuries
muscle or tendon tears
post-surgical pain / complications
back/neck pain
headache / migraine / tmj


learn more




our philosophy
we envision a life of vitality and longevity for each of our patients, in body, mind, and spirit.

learn more



patient testimonials
tmj pain – carol’s story
when i find something that works, i stick with it! carol suffered from life-long tmj pain until she found an email directing her to dr. kramer. that was more than a year and half ago. since then, she has been back for more treatments for other ailments she never thought she’ be free of. as …
read moretmj pain – carol’s storychronic hip pain – joel’s story
he suffered from severe chronic hip pain for 11 years! joel suffered more more than a decade from chronic hip pain. after his first prolozone treatment joel described the effects as life changing. he’s off the pain meds and back to full-time work.
read morechronic hip pain – joel’s storytmj relief – laura’s story
active mom finds tmj relief when nothing else helped laura suffered from the pain and annoying clicking of tmj for years. she tried a dental device but that was both expensive and unsuccessful. finally her dentist referred her to dr. kramer because of his recent successful treatment with prolozone therapy. that was three years ago, …
read moretmj relief – laura’s story


get dr. kramer’s latest updates and articles.
thank you for wanting to receive dr. kramer's prolnews newsletter.  just submit your email address using the form below to subscribe.
email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe toprolonews subscribers example: yes, i would like to receive emails from advanced medicine alternatives. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: advanced medicine alternatives. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact






wordpress
instagram
youtube
mail


directions



office location
11500 hwy 7, suite 206minnetonka, mn 55305

phone & email
952-767-4800info@georgekramermd.com

office hours
mon-wed 8am-4pm




privacy policy | disclaimer of medical liability
© copyright 2021 advanced medicine alternatives. all rights reserved.




















