




syrian airlines




















































 









skip to content



















stations

syriauaeegyptrussiairaqkuwaitqatarbahrainsudan
on boardcargo

procedurescargo help desk
photo gallerytendersabout

historyobjectivesqualitysafetyquality assurancefleettraininglinksnews
العربية 































stations

syriauaeegyptrussiairaqkuwaitqatarbahrainsudan
on boardcargo

procedurescargo help desk
photo gallerytendersabout

historyobjectivesqualitysafetyquality assurancefleettraininglinksnews
العربية

























flight searchflight schedulelost luggagefeed back
from: *please select an optiondamascus international airportabudahabi international airportalgeria-hawari bo median airportbaghdad international airportbahrain international airportlatakia airportcairo international airportdoha international airportdubai international airportlebanon international airportimam khumaini int airportkameshli international airportkhartoum international airportkuwait international airportmoscow vnokvo airportnajaf international airportqueen alia airportsharjah international airportto: *please select an optiondamascus international airportabudahabi international airportalgeria-hawari bo median airportbaghdad international airportbahrain international airportlatakia airportcairo international airportdoha international airportdubai international airportlebanon international airportimam khumaini int airportkameshli international airportkhartoum international airportkuwait international airportmoscow vnokvo airportnajaf international airportqueen alia airportsharjah international airportdeparting date: *returning date: *adultschildren(s)infants (under 2)class: *classeconomy classbusiness classpayment *payment should be from the country of the beginning of travel.search



your name: *email address *mobile numberbag number: *0 / 50bag color: *0 / 50bag shape: *0 / 80brand of bag: *0 / 50your flight route: *0 / 50bag weight: *0 / 50your flight number and its date: *0 / 80the place where the bag was lost: *0 / 80additional information:0 / 200 send message

name: *email address *phone numbersubject: *0 / 60message *0 / 180 send message



about us





syrian airlines aims to contribute seriously and effectively to achieving its aspirations to support the growing economy of the syrian arab republic through its objectives in the field of transporting syrian and non-syrian passengers and transporting goods, as well as in improving reception, deportation and feeding services provided to arab and foreign aircraft landing at our airports, using the best way to operate the ideal resources for the purpose of that revenue.
read more



useful links












			damascus		



11:13 pm,  

feb 5, 2025













9°c 




		clear sky	






humidity 


					56 %				





pressure 


					1023 hpa				





wind 


					0 km/h				






wind gust wind gust:


				2 km/h			





clouds clouds:

0%





visibility visibility:

10 km










					weather from openweathermap			












latest news



 



syria airlines in the skies of riyadh 



syrian airlines is pleased to announce to its valued passengers the start of operating its regular flightsdamascus – riyadh – damascusstarting from 7/10/2024this is an average weekly flight every wednesday according to the following times:damascus take-off 04:25 local time in damascusarrival in riyadh 06:25 riyadh local timeriyadh take-off is 07:25 riyadh local timearrival in damascus…





					read more syria airlines in the skies of riyadhcontinue
 


 




 



announcement 



the syrian airlines training and qualification center at damascus international airport announces the start of registration for the sixth basic private air hospitality course. the course includes: -basic aviation english-crew resource management crm-dangerous goods regulations dgr-aviation security-first aid-safety procedures-safety equipments-emergency procedures-survival-practical training (evaluation, ditching, fire fighting)-evaluation test-field trip on syrianair aircraft the course is taught…





					read more announcementcontinue
 


 




 



announcement 



welcome, his excellency, the ambassador of the united arab emirates in damascus with flowers, syrian airlines received on its plane coming from dubai to the capital of jasmine the first ambassador of the united arab emirates since 2011.





					read more announcementcontinue
 


 



photo gallery
























show more

faq

q. can i bring my laptop computer on a flight?
a.  it is possible to bring your own laptop

q. what types of in-flight meals are provided on flights?
a.  a number of special meals are offered on flights

q. which services can i expect in economy class on board an intercontinental flight?
a.  during your flight in syrian air’s economy class, you can enjoy our flight crew’s personal service

q. what should i keep in mind when traveling with small children?
a.  children get bored much faster than adults. make sure that you have some toys for them to play with during the flight and a book you can read to them. during take-offs and landings, their ears can bother them. you can give an older child a sweet to suck or chew on; babies can be given something to drink.in tropical countries, children can easily get sunburned. for this reason, make sure that you have a sun crème with a high protection factor, enough t-shirts, and a hat that will protect them from the sun. shoes can prevent painful spots on their feet. you can keep insects away by spreading a mosquito net or net curtain over the cradle or pram. and don’t forget an effective anti-mosquito skin crème (but be sure that your child doesn’t get this in his/her mouth).children’s systems are also more likely to be upset by unfamiliar food. bring along some familiar food from home, especially in the case of small children. and be sure that your child drinks enough, especially in the event of diarrhea (and provide o.r.s. straightaway in case of diarrhea). if you are preparing for a lengthy stay in a foreign country, contact the health clinic and inform yourself of the immunization/vaccination schedule well in advance.

q. can i use my personal cellular telephone on board a syrian air flight?
a.  you are allowed to use your personal cellular phone on board when the aircraft is parked and at least one door is open. in addition, the captain may allow the use of personal cellular phones during lengthy delays on the ground, even when doors are closed.

q. should i have to contact any sales office if i’m going to stay for a long time?
a.  yes, you suppose to contact one of the syrian sales offices one week after arrival to give them your phone number and your address.

q. is there any tax to be paid for reconfirming?
a.  no, it’s free.

q. is the infant allowed to have free package?
a.  yes he can have 10 kg free of charge (we mean by infant: passenger who is age between one day and two years)

q. where can i find more information regarding traveling with animals?
a.  an information page has been set up with regard to traveling with animals.

q. which aircraft does syrianair operate?
a.  the overview of all syrianair aircraft and information on each plane is available on the fleet page.

q. what should i keep in mind when traveling with small children?
a. travel tips for children. children get bored much faster than adults. make sure that you have some toys for them to play with during the flight and a book you can read to them .during take -offs and landings their ears can bother them. you can give an older child a sweet to suck or chew on babies can be given something to drink. in tropical counties, children can easily get sunburned. for this reason make sure that you have some cream with a high protection factor enough t-shirts and a hat that will protect them from the sun. shoes can prevent painful spots on their feet. you can keep insects away by spreading a mosquito net or net curtain over the cradle or pram. and don’t forget an effective anti-mosquito skin cream. children’s system are also more likely to be upset by unfamiliar food. and be sure that your child drinks enough especially in the event of diarrhea .if you are preparing for a lengthy stay in foreign country contact the health clinic and inform yourself of the immunization vaccination schedule well in advance.

q. where can i find the contact information for syrianair?
a.  for an overview of the contact possibilities to syrianair please see the contact page.

q. am i allowed to smoke onboard the flight?
a.  all syrian air flights are non-smoking flights. smoking is not  allowed anywhere at any time on board of our aircraft.

q. can i bring my mp3 player on the plane?
a.  electronic equipment with an aerial must be turned off from the moment you board the plane and during the flight .electronic equipment without an aerial such as cd/dvd/mp3/players laptops or electronic games can be used during the flight and when the plane is on the ground.

q. my baggage during the flight what should i do ?
a.  damaged items should be reported to and viewed by the air port baggage service office immediately upon arrival of your flight.

q. what is an e-ticket ?
a.  an e-ticket is a method to document the sale of travel.

q. if flying on an e-ticket, how can i confirm that the booking is correctly made?
a.  your booking is reflected in the itinerary receipt which you receive via your e-mail or from rb sales offices or from your agent.

q. how can i get a refund on an unused or partially unused ticket?
a.  you can get a refund on an e-ticket from rb sales offices and from iata travel agents offices.

q. where are e-tickets available?
a.  rb e-tickets are available in all rb sales offices in syria and outstations and iata travel agents offices.

q. what if i choose to receive a paper ticket?
a.  paper ticket is available in all rb sales offices, if you select to get a paper ticket you have to pay the extra charge for paper ticket issuance.

q. must i book via the internet to receive an e-ticket?
a.  it’s not necessary, either you make the booking via (ibe) internet booking engine or directly from rb sales offices or via you agent  where you should get the e-ticket, because rb payment gateway is not activated yet.

q. what should i do if i lose my electronic ticket printout or reference number?
a.  you can contact any rb sales office or the travel agent where you bought the e-ticket to get the duplicate itinerary receipt.























home
gallery
stations
links
history
syria office
 







 













 about us

about organization
contact us
useful links


 











facebook
instagram
phone
 















 © 2021 syria airlines powered by: autotech

 












scroll to top
scroll to top
 












































 



