















galveston, tx - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in















 










     





 
 
 


    government      departments      residents      visitors      business  


 

 

 

 

 




 












search







 
 
 

 











 














pay my water billeasily pay your bills online.








available jobsview current openings.








transportation on the islandview schedules and information.










 
 














parking in galvestonfind information on parking in the city.








visiting the islandcome eat, stay, and play.








notify me®sign up to receive notifications.










 
 
 























stay informed







	stay up-to-date with the latest news and events.
 






  
 
 







news flash








latest city manager's report available online now 

the city manager's report is available online at galvestontx.gov/citymanagersreport.				read on...




city receives competitive grant for new traffic system 

the city of galveston recently received a nearly $2 million grant from the u.s. department of transportation for a new city-wide traffic light integration system.				read on...




city accepting applications for arts and historical preservation funding 

the city of galveston’s arts and historical preservation advisory board is accepting applications for grant funding until march 15, 2025.				read on...




city prepares for mardi gras! galveston, running february 21- march 4 

it’s mardi gras once again in galveston and we’re looking forward to celebrating the season. revelers will notice some changes the city of galveston has made as part of an effort to enhance public safety during the annual carnival celebration.				read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 







galveston facebook








 






  
 



 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 







galveston calendar







	find out the latest events.


 






  
 
 










 









city council events










wed, feb. 19  

employee health benefits plan 

employee health benefits plan read on


mon, mar. 31  

housing authority 

housing authority read on





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 








 







 




 







 




 
















 






  
 









     





 
 


  
 













	p.o. box 779
 




	823 rosenberg
 




	galveston, texas 77553
 






  
 













	phone: 409-797-3500
 






  
 







helpful links







galveston central appraisal district



galveston chamber of commerce



galveston college



galveston county



galveston county emergency communication district



view additional helpful links









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 





 
 
 

 








 
 
 







 














home







site map







photo credits







copyright / privacy







legal notice







accessibility









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 





government websites by civicplus®


 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close









  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









