










counseling st louis - a path towards a brighter, healthier life


































































skip to content












our blog
drug addiction
mental health
children
grief

the impact of sibling loss on children
experiencing the death of a sibling as an adolescent
grieving a sibling’s death during college
experiencing the death of a sibling as an adult


contact
 









search for:



 










close menu





our blog
drug addiction
mental health
children
grief

the impact of sibling loss on children
experiencing the death of a sibling as an adolescent
grieving a sibling’s death during college
experiencing the death of a sibling as an adult


contact
 














search




toggle menu








search for:



 



 














 







dealing with grief and substance abuse 



counseling st louis 











st louis has some of the best counselors in town. discover the new ‘you’ by joining hands with us. 






make an enquiry















grief and addition are connected 



about us 











many people turn to drugs or alcohol during a bereavement peirod.  there is a connection with grief and addiction.drug addiction and alcoholism are just a state of mind. that is why we at st louis strongly believe that any addiction is treatable. with us, you are free from the fear of judgment. all we focus on is you learning to live a healthy lifestyle.  






 
bereavement counselling services



 
addiction treatment



 
children's counseling 









learn more











 















addiction recovery 



role of a counsellor 











the role of a counselor is quite instrumental in a person’s personal journey. they show individual care and know you by your name, likes, and dislikes, which helps us better help you.our goal is to assist families with challenges such as the death of a child or sibling, alcoholism and drug abuse.  we have a special place for the children in the family.  














 




							create a therapeutic alliance with patients						














 




							encourage patient recovery						














 




							help patients develop a relapse prevention plan						














 




							meet with family members to provide guidance						



















 







types of therapy 



therapy can help overcome addiction and live again 











we employ different methods of therapy to heal people and show them how to live a healthier life.  dealing with issues like bereavement, alcoholism and drug addiction from a family-first perspective. the following are some of the commonly used ones: 






 
 cognitive behavioral therapy



 
motivational interviewing therapy



 
person-centered therapy














convenient and affordable therapy with counseling st louis 











									st louis considers it a service to help victims of drug and alcohol addiction. we charge a very minimal fee and ensure the prices fit all social classes.								










 




							it’s professional						


						counselors are strictly professional and do not invade the privacy of the victims unless it is required.					













 




							it’s affordable						


						our fee shouldn’t stop you from seeking the right service at the right time. the charges are lower than you wish!					













 




							it’s convenient						


						at st louis, you can always feel at home. the amenities are designed to keep you at the best possible convenience.					













 




							it’s effective						


						a few days here with us can bring about drastic changes in the life of a victim and reroute them towards a better life.					


















seeking therapy for addiction?
our professionals can help 










contact now



















stories from people we support 



testimonials 























one of my relatives was a part of st louis, and i must say they are doing a great job. their services are customized based on every person’s needs and addiction levels.




nikki d. james




st louis helped me swim through a very tough phase of life, which wouldn’t have been possible without them.




james stevens





















from our blog 



recent news 



















 
coping with the grief: advice for handling sibling loss as an adult
december 19, 2024
 

 

into the dynamics of loss: life-shattering yet universal navigating through the labyrinth of loss is undoubtedly daunting and complex. recent data from cdc shows 2–4% percent of children in the…

read more 
gaining strength through the pain: understanding and navigating sibling loss
december 17, 2024
 

 

surviving the loss of a sibling often feels unbearable, regardless of whether it occurs in childhood, adolescence or adulthood. it’s a profoundly challenging tragedy, one that leaves an unfillable void…

read more 
navigating through the grief: a therapist perspective on dealing with sibling loss
december 12, 2024
 

 

inequality exists in all areas of life but grief has a significant way of equalizing us. few people live long lives without experiencing the pain of losing a loved one….

read more 
navigating the voyage of a sibling’s loss: a therapist’s guide for support
december 11, 2024
 

 

sitting in kindergarten, easily, one could recall cheerfully rattling off the names of siblings like titles of honour. siblings bring a defining dimension, a comforting familiarity, and a clearly apparent;…

read more 
coping with the devastating loss of a sibling: a therapeutic approach
december 9, 2024
 

 

losing a loved one can unleash a torrent of grief that time alone cannot entirely wash away. grief experienced by those who lose their siblings is an under- explored domain….

read more 
losing a sibling: experiencing grief and navigating the journey toward healing
december 4, 2024
 

 

grief knows no boundaries. the death of a sibling is an overwhelming and overarching tragedy, directly impacting individuals regardless of their distinct age categories—children, teens, or adults. there’s no handbook…

read more 
coping with sibling loss at any age: a guide of hope from a therapist’s perspective
december 2, 2024
 

 

how can it be described- the sudden void left by the loss of a sibling, the silent space they occupied in one’s existence? according to a recent report by the…

read more 
grieving and approaching healing: how you can navigate the heartbreaking loss of a sibling
november 27, 2024
 

 

no matter the age, enduring the loss of a sibling plunges you into unpremeditated distress and sorrow. the bonding, sharing and innate connection that’s integral in a sibling relationship makes…

read more 
coping with sibling loss: unpacking the challenges and paths to recovery
november 25, 2024
 

 

article by dr. jane dover, psychologist and sibling loss specialist in dealing with the earth-shattering toll of grief that comes from losing a sibling, the world can very suddenly seem…

read more 
*coping with sibling loss: a therapist’s guidance and personal insight*
november 24, 2024
 

 

introduction the rollicking wave of grief is universal in all humans but is never experienced in exact succession. surviving devout spouses muster courage to face the big blank space their…

read more 





















copyright © 2025 counseling st louis | all rights reserved. 

































