


home | kratos ctt




















































homeproductsmanufacturingqualityflowdowneventscontact









at the heart ofnext generationelectronic defensesystems









about

from our manufacturing facility based in the silicon valley, ca, u.s.a., ctt has been supplying customers worldwide with power amplifiers, frequency converters, and frequency multipliers, within the frequency spectrum of 10 mhz to 50 ghz.
since 1981, ctt’s has continually designed products that provide the best price versus performance combination for each customer, whether the end use is military, industrial, or commercial.
having built hundreds of thousands of amplifiers with power levels that range from a few milliwatts to 1 kw, ctt has become a leader in solid-state microwave amplification.
ctt is now a wholly owned subsidiary of kratos defense & security solutions, inc nasdaq:ktos








solid-state amplifiersolutions for militaryand commercialapplication









products



catalog and custom designed amplifiers
low noise amplifiers
limiting amplifiers
gaas and gan power amplifiers, cw and pulsed
twta / mpm replacements
rack mount power amplifiers
multi-function subassemblies per customer’s scd








markets



radar
ew (ecm, esm, elint, comint, sigint)
communication / tcdl
instrument (simulator, test equipment)








growth focus



uavs / drones
decoy
missile applications
space
sar radars
multifunctional amp/rack
super wide band gan amp for ew












manufacturing

























read more










quality

environmental lab based on mil-std-883 screening








thermal shock






vibration / shock






gross leak











1,000g - 5,000gconstant acceleration






bake, burn in &temperature cycle





read more








standards & certifications


ctt’s quality and process control systems are approved to as9100 / iso 9001 and jstds. test and measurement equipment is calibrated in accordance with mil-std-45662 and anzi-z-540. ctt is an as9100 / iso 9001 registered company and has received numerous supplier excellence awards for quality and performance.











download












notable ctt awards &certificates of appreciation







northrop grumman corp. defense systems division

silver supplier award
bronze supplier award
quality award

raytheon

supplier excellence award

l3 harris

gold award

telephonics corporation

certified supplier award
blue award


aai

outstanding effort as a value member of rq-7 shadow tactical uav team

southern california regional purchasing councils

supplier of the year award

mitsubishi

certificate of appreciation

boeing

certificate of appreciation







linkedin



nasdaq: ktos

			$27.16
			
			-1.4
		

			4:00 pm est
		
(data provided by refinitiv. minimum 15 minutes delayed.)



© copyright 2006-2025
kratos defense & security solutions, inc.
privacy policy
ccpa
terms of use

















 

