


sexgeeks





















    
	sexgeeks
	
  





tuesday, august 23, 2005



	 
	 where'd we go?
	 
    


this will come as no surprise to anyone who's been watching the dead space here for a while, but lindsay and i have put sexgeeks on hiatus for now.  we've both gotten super busy with other projects, and haven't even gotten around to record a message about not doing the show (lame).anyway, the support we've gotten has been wonderful.  thank you all for taking the time to send us your feedback!when the weather turns cold and rainy here again, we may take a look at taking another stab at it if there is any interest (or even if there's not ;).stay subscribed to the audio feed (heck, it doesn't take any effort not to do anything) and you'll be the first to know if we can get our acts together and put out something new.thanks again!rob



posted by the rob @ 12:24 pm
49 comments






sunday, may 08, 2005



	 
	 sexgeeks: the graydancer interview
	 
    


sorry folks, due to an application crash, we lost the last show we recorded.we'll be getting on a regular schedule soon, so you won't have to guess when the shows are coming out.  in the meantime, here's an interview that was going to air on the lost show.  it's with graydancer from the rope weekly podcast.  graydancer agreed to sit down and answer some questions for us and at the same time be our guinea pig as we try remote interviews for the first time.here is the edited version of the interview (~20 mins, ~9.5mb) with a brief introduction by rob.  if you'd like to hear the full, un-edited version, you can find it here (~1hr, ~25mb).we'll have a new show soon; thanks for hanging in there.



posted by the rob @ 9:54 pm
24 comments






wednesday, april 20, 2005



	 
	 sexgeeks: sexgeeks goes indigenous
	 
    


in this installation (~29mb, ~1hr), semi-pro anthropologist jeremy stone joins lindsay and rob to talk about sex and sexuality in other cultures.  from cross-dressers that were required by native americans to build a particular lodge, to the sexual training of boys in another culture, to the concept of the "uncleanness" of women, join us for a peek at sex around the world.



posted by the rob @ 7:50 pm
3 comments






wednesday, april 13, 2005



	 
	 sexgeeks: transgenderism, sex-related podcasts, and listener mail
	 
    


i'm posting the newest sexgeeks installment (~37mb, ~1h 20m) without all of the supporting links et al because it's been a while since the last show and i'm not yet sure when i'll have gone through and found all of the links we mentioned and didn't want to delay the show any longer.so, i'll update this post with notes as i complete them, meanwhile i hope you enjoy the show!(ps, we're about to get on a regular schedule for making these shows so you'll better know when to expect them.)notes as they get updated:rob mentions the radio show gender talk which focuses on transgender-related issues.  gender talk has recently become available in podcast form (the podcast feed is in the upper right corner of the home page).we discussed a recent installment of tech nation (available in podcast form from the wonderful it conversations site, were deborah rudacille talks about the complexity of gender.lindsay mentioned koan bremner's crossover podcast, where koan has occasional audio snippets about her experience being transgendered.we opened a new delicious accout where anyone who listens can add links for everyone else to see.  the user name is: imasexgeek.  you'll have to listen to the show to get the password ;)we had a wandering discussion of other sex-related (from gender to kink) podcasts.  here are the ones we had actually listened to:graydancer's rope weekly (watch for our next podcast which will have an interview with graydancer in it)cunning minx's poly weekly - polyamory-oriented contentrob get's diverted briefly and mentions a bit of news that's been circling the internet about how abstinence programs appear to generate the same occurance of stds in the programs' participants as non-abstinence programs.  one article mentioning this can be found here.more podcasts:violet blue's open source sex - primarily readings of erotica so farrebeldad's sextalk - gender issues/advocacytopbit's fetish radio - bi and bdsm plus music!while we were talking about podcasts we were browsing the sex and gender catagories of ipodder.org.here's the blog post from listener hampton that we were talking about so you don't have to go find it (we're convenience oriented around here):i'm a young gay male in a semi-open relationship with the intent to marry (at first opportunity).anyhow, i was a bit taken back by the comments about swingers. i don't label our relationship as "swinging"... more "open". i often argue with myself about labeling, because i use the term "semi-open"...to explain, we have yet to have sex apart from each other, but haven't barred it. we do have a threeway about once a season. we barely ever party or go out drinking. but we're mostly homebodies and completely in love. i'm often at a loss to really define us. some in an open relationship fuck around daily. some do it yearly. some do it together, apart, etc.i just didn't like the way that couples that play were portrayed. i don't really feel that you guys have personal feelings on it, but it was just not talked about a lot.personally, poly-amoury is something i'm not sure about. i like to be the only one in love with my fiancee. i'd be far more jealous of a date than a fuck. that being said, i often wonder about the positive affect that romantic affairs (secret) have on straight marriages.i don't know. i'm completely rambling. i spend an awful lot of time considering the philosophy and the social influences on how we see sex and love. i want to find the truth behind it, because i have a feeling a lot of social ideas force into our ideas of love and relationships.i think this should be an entire show. i wish i lived in portland.... wherever.... i'd so be on the show to talk about this. i swear i'm more logical when i'm speaking.what about me recording an essay on my experiences with this, etc?here's the email we got from an engineer listener about lindsay's call for a good cunnilingus toy:back on the february 13th 'cast, lindsay asked specifically for agadget that simulates cunnilingus.  it came up again march 22nd in thediscussion of machines, but i didn't hear that you had found anything.the only thing remotely like an oral stimulator i've ever seen are the"tongues" like these:http://www.mypleasure.com/store/product.asp?dept_id=804&pf_id=0948 (lily)http://www.mypleasure.com/store/product.asp?dept_id=802&pf_id=0935 (mini-tongue)which are essentially indistinguishable from vibrators.  i don't havethe impression that either of these devices is remotely like theexperience of a partner, even to the extent that some of the machinesare remotely like a partner using a penis.i started thinking about this problem from an engineering standpoint(hey, that's what i do for a living, though i mostly build softwaresystems that run hardware) and i was struck by how constrainedexisting machines are.the machines at the website you mentioned are, mechanically, 1-ddevices, though the chairs move somewhat in 2-d.  using a good partneris at least 2d with significant force-feedback, though an inept orpassive partner, particularly woman-on-top positions, can beeffectively 1-d with off-axis pressure controlled by the receiver.my experience with cunnilingus (necessarily as the stimulator ratherthan the receiver) is that it requires 3-d motion, is adaptive bothwith regard to force and "cycle" speed, and relies on cues thatinvolve the recipient giving aural and manual feedback.  i know i alsoswitch from a generally linear to more circular motion at varioustimes.as a purely mechanical problem, this seems intractable.  the desiredforce and motion on the target, and even the location of the target,varies over time and may not be detectable at the target site.(effective aural cues are nearly impossible; manual control probablyworks for force, but not for motion control.)  particularly as theonset of orgasm approaches, both force and the 3-d motion need tochange but quickly stabilize.  (in some cases suction is also applied,though reflecting on it, this is not always true.)this seems the kind of problem that is complex, but at leasttractable, for a 4 or 6 degree of freedom robotic system with acombination of force-feedback, perhaps a remote sensor system, and asimple-to-operate (because you're distracted) user interface.of course, with a computer interface the control system can bearbitrarily complex, and the techniques for controlling a motion baseare very well understood.  (this makes me look at the disney "startours" ride in a while new way, but it's the same problem.)  since i'ma nerd, i'm of course thinking in terms of general purpose hardware onwhich i can layer different software control laws and feedbacksystems.  a really good predictive orgasm sensor would be helpful.but since i'm an engineer, i'm also interested in existing bestpractices and reusable components.  so, did you get any pointers fromother listeners?here's the artile discussing scent and attraction in greater depth and that mentions a possible relation between birth control pills and attraction.while we were talking about female circumcision, lindsay mentioned the extensive wikipedia entry on the subject.mark savage's silicone-enhanced member was mentioned again.we again sing the praises of scarleteen.com.finally, rob mentions the fascinating and wonderful mcgraw-hill human sexuality image bank.



posted by the rob @ 8:32 am
12 comments






tuesday, march 22, 2005



	 
	 sexgeeks: anal stimulation for the straight man
	 
    


here's another installment of sexgeeks (~23mb, ~50 mins)this week we had a guest, anthony, with us.here are some of what we talked about in the show:hetro/homo male lovean awful swingers movie may have been "the lifestyle" realdolls, fucking machines, and sex with inanimate, or semianimate objects realdoll.com violet blue's delicious links realdolldoctor fuckingmachines.com elena dorfman's photos of dolls and their owners lindsay wonders if there is such a thing as an escort service of women for women.anal stimulation and the straight manage of consent and sodomy laws ageofconsent.com



posted by the rob @ 7:55 am
22 comments






saturday, march 05, 2005



	 
	 sexgeeks: horny monkeys, divorce, and penis injections
	 
    


here's the newest installment of sexgeeks (~47 mins, ~22mb).we have some new equipment, so hopefully things are sounding better than last time.here are the things we referenced throughout today's show.the scientific american article on gay population distribution (link to summary, the full article is available for purchase only).the morning wood and their discussion of genital shaving, among other things.scarleteen.com, a good resource for teens (and adults) on sex and how the sex organs work."the four-year itch" by helen e. fisher.  published in the october, 1987 edition of natural history.violet blue tries viagra.koko and breasts (on yahoo.com).mark savage's giant, enhanced penissiliconefreak.comfaqphotos from extremecock.com (explicit).update: almost forgot that rob also mentioned the gender issues podcast sex talk



posted by the rob @ 2:42 pm
11 comments






friday, february 25, 2005



	 
	 sexgeeks: the "inside deep throat" review
	 
    


in this special edition of sexgeeks (35 min, 16.7mb), we talk about the documentary "inside deep throat" about the making, and aftermath, of the movie deep throat.the sound is crappier than usual, as we were using a more portable setup, so we appologize for that.  we should be upgrading our equipment soon, so hopefully things will sound much better in the near future.i think the only thing we mentioned that needs a link is michael geoghegan's very excellent reel reviews podcast, which rob mentioned in passing.



posted by the rob @ 8:48 am
8 comments










the sex geeks podcast feed 

previous posts

where'd we go?
sexgeeks: the graydancer interview
sexgeeks: sexgeeks goes indigenous
sexgeeks: transgenderism, sex-related podcasts, an...
sexgeeks: anal stimulation for the straight man
sexgeeks: horny monkeys, divorce, and penis inject...
sexgeeks: the "inside deep throat" review
sexgeeks: pheromones, risky behavior, and vaginal ...
sexgeeks: sex drives, pedophilia in the catholic c...
sex geeks repost: good vibrations, the l-word, and...

archives

february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
august 2005










 

 




