


rhombus industries | manufacturer of custom wound magnetic components


















home
about
contact














  

  







call us now 714-836-0960












products
main menu 


inductors
transformers
common mode chokes
delay lines
custom magnetics








main menu 

home
sales
part index
technical info
request samples
contact




















designed and built to meet
the most demanding
reliability requirements





more than
45 years experience





quality components
and innovative designs





advantages that can address your most
critical needs






rhombus industries, inc.
we have been manufacturing and designing custom magnetics for more than 50 years. our engineers can help provide the transformer, inductor, choke, or delay line to meet your requirements. we offer prompt prototype turnaround to help optimize your design process. our privately owned and operated manufacturing facility is located in thailand. insuring the accuracy, consistency, and overall quality of rhombus products is of primary concern. all of our products are designed and built to meet the most demanding reliability requirements. we have an extensive quality control program which incorporates statistical process control and is also in strict compliance with mil-i-45208.
with more than 45 years of experience in providing quality components and innovative designs for users of magnetic products, we welcome custom designs tailored to unique customer requirements. our dedicated employees look forward to proving to you that rhombus offers the price, delivery and application support advantages that can address your most critical needs.
applications include:





test & measurement
power supplies
computer peripherals




telecommunications
medical equipment
video equipment




control systems
industrial automation
custom magnetics


 



products






inductors





transformers





common mode chokes





delay lines





custom magnetics














address
206 w. 4th street, #203
santa ana, ca 92701
phone
714-836-0960






fax
714-836-0969
email
sales@rhombus-ind.com






rohs information









© copyright 2018  rhombus industries. all rights reserved. | site by web designs by lao.









