


more4apps is your excel interface for oracle | more4apps






































































solutions

function

accounts payable invoice processing
data migration
finance
master data management
procure to pay
projects
purchase order processing
supplier data management
transactional data


industry

manufacturing
retail
supply chain


role

c-level/executive
end user
finance
human resources
information technology




products

product section





product section

oracle ebs

accounts payable invoice processing
data migration
finance
master data management
procure to pay
projects
purchase order processing
supplier data management in oracle
transactional data


oracle fusion cloud applications

finance module
procurement module
product definition module
projects module




product section

compare our products
web adi vs ebs toolbox
oracle adfdi and fbdi vs. more4apps




pricing
resources

read

whitepapers
case studies
blogs
news


watch

videos
webinar recordings


events

upcoming webinars
conferences & events


subscribe

email




support

oracle ebs

oracle e-business suite support
ebs toolbox download


oracle cloud erp

oracle cloud erp support
erp cloud toolbox download


search

oracle erp product updates




company

meet the team
customers
partners
careers
contact us





search by keyword












request demo
community 









excel alternatives for data loading in oracle e-business suite and fusion cloud
download, edit, and upload pre-validated data in a fraction of the time compared to web adi, adfdi, and fbdi.

request demo
view our products














serving more than 400 customers with 34,000+ end-users worldwide.
learn more













oracle can be complex; however, your erp data doesn’t have to be.


 by combining the power of oracle and microsoft excel, these suites of products enable you to keep control of your company's data. 

 create, update, and mass upload your pre-validated data into oracle using the flexibility and familiarity of an excel spreadsheet. 






explore our oracle erp product offerings
ensure your business’s data integrity with the more4apps toolbox suite of solutions for ebs and cloud.
our tools integrate seamlessly with each other and your oracle erp instance to provide you with up-to-date data when and where you need it and with the highest level of quality.

enable users to complete data loads in a single excel spreadsheet remove clunky and difficult oracle forms detect and correct data errors with advanced validation rely on an upgrade-proof, secure platform 


 






how does more4apps stack up to oracle tools?
more4apps helps users upload data 90% quicker!



                            web adi vs. the ebs toolbox                        

                             adfdi / fbdi vs. the erp cloud toolbox                        





thanks to our customers for rating us on capterra, the #1 destination for finding software and services.







companies who use more4apps




                        "the most impressive and reliable piece of software i have come across and has helped get our project on track and firmly keep it there."                        

                        rci experiences                        

– ben pentelow, systems architect
read the case study >




                        "arby's transformed its procurement process by shaving up to 55 minutes off the time taken to process a 100-line purchase order. with existing fbdi systems being outperformed in key areas, more4apps erp cloud toolbox is now being rolled out enterprise-wide."                         

                        arby’s                        

read the case study >




                        "from our perspective, it has been huge, especially the routing and bom wizards because there is no way of really doing that outside of these products."                        

                        avery dennison                        

read the case study >




                        "our investigations showed it took 3-4 weeks to get our engineering boms into our ordering system and oracle ebs. the introduction of the more4apps bom wizard has reduced data entry time to 3-4 days and removed the need for separate excel files for each bom."                        

                        toyota boshoku                        

read the case study >




                        "my team members work with the project, project budgets, and assets modules and we have both large dollar transactions as well as high-volume transactions. more4apps tools have allowed us to do work that would have taken months to do manually or weeks of programming and testing if done by an it team."                        

                        trinity industries                        



                        "thanks for your efforts in developing these great tools for making people’s daily grind easier."                        

                        apergy/harbison-fischer                        

– brad rogers engineering manager




                        "i wish i had known about the more4apps suite of products.  these simple-to-install, out-of-the-box wizards use microsoft excel to connect to your oracle ebs database and will validate and upload all the data into your ebs system.  they use the standard oracle api's and/or interface tables to load the data, so it’s oracle-supported.  there are also built-in forms that can be used to enter and “pre-validate” the data against the oracle value sets for all value set-related columns.

the best thing is that these tools are designed for the end-user, not the it department." 
                        

                        yankee candle                        



                        "we have been using more4apps for a few years now and have benefited from the software. we originally wanted the software for asset retirements. we had no way to upload retirement via spreadsheet into oracle. after investigating the software, we discovered other transactions we could upload to save time using more4apps."                        

                        pepsi/frito lay                        

-mitch bateman systems analyst




                         “other products were just too hard for the end user. we found that more4apps knew its products and were very supportive and responsive. the team understood our needs and how its products would meet them.”                        

                        wsp                        

-debbie canole, systems analyst
read the case study >





































download, update, and upload your oracle erp data in a single excel spreadsheet
 
data is growing exponentially, leading to overwhelming volumes and inefficiencies. oracle tools can be complex, leaving you with a time-consuming, burdensome process.
more4apps solutions for e-business suite and fusion cloud were purpose-built with end users in mind.

complete data loading in mass within a single excel spreadsheet rely on advanced data validation with intuitive error messages adapt your data with flexible layouts and formatting rely on an upgrade-proof, secure platform 


 








interested in trying our products?
quickly and easily download them from the more4apps community!


ebs toolboxerp cloud toolbox









efficiency
save time by downloading or pasting data into the excel spreadsheet for oracle.



productivity
simple business process changes coupled with intelligent more4apps spreadsheets delivers significant productivity gains.



quick to implement
tools that work straight out of the box with a familiar excel user interface.



accuracy
less manual data entry means better accuracy and more meaningful information for your business.



security
products are built specifically for erp leveraging oracle's existing security measures.



ongoing support
a class-leading support team that solve issues and manage requests in record time.







global scale
providing solutions around the globe
from assisting you during the trial period to continuous use of the suite of products, more4apps offers global support and an online community, which provides access to customer resources, training materials, and interactive knowledge boards.


450
 companies doing better business.


34,000
 users working with smarter data.


47
 user-friendly tools making oracle erp work for you.




 







connect with an expert


 













follow more4apps on social media







contact us
request quote
demo
support
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms of use
 ©2023, more4apps










