






chris evans – christ follower; devils, met, and cardinal fan; bicyclist; photographer; beer advocate; nerd; geek; friend











































chris evans
christ follower; devils, met, and cardinal fan; bicyclist; photographer; beer advocate; nerd; geek; friend


skip to content




an interesting take on the roe v wade argument

father casey explains the traditional view quite well.
 

posted on may 14, 2022may 14, 2022author chriscategories current events, faith, lifetags abortion, breaking in the habit, roe v wade
leave a comment



and now the south african variant

i’m so glad i got my booster…





posted on november 26, 2021may 14, 2022author chriscategories uncategorized
leave a comment



canadian reacts to simpsons depiction of canada

 

posted on march 20, 2021author chriscategories canada
leave a comment



triskele’s st. patrick’s day show

 

posted on march 18, 2021may 14, 2022author chriscategories current events
leave a comment



classical meets modern


so i found this guy, peter bence, online today. he is pretty good at the piano with a modern twist.


posted on december 26, 2020author chriscategories music
leave a comment



new york new york…not really

www.nytimes.com/2020/04/22/arts/design/nyc-skyscrapers-virtual-tour-virus.html
interesting to see…even if it’s only a small part of new york state.


posted on april 25, 2020may 14, 2022author chriscategories lifetags new york
leave a comment



lamy tour

well i love tours. though crane currency wouldn’t let me see behind the curtain, lamy allowed brian goulet to look behind the curtain at lamy. lamy is one of my favorite brands. german engineering is beyond compare and the prices are great. i have a lamy logo fountain pen which was one of my everyday writers before the fire and one of the first i replaced. i also have lamy al-star and safari fountain pens…they are the same style with aluminum and plastic construction respectively. i also have the lamy logo m ballpoint pen. they make about 75% of their production as fountain pens which is about 7.5 million fountain pens a year.
 





posted on october 24, 2019may 14, 2022author chriscategories brian goulet, fountain pens, tours
leave a comment





lamy

i really like lamy but i did not realize they are relatively new to the us market. interesting interview…buy your lamy at goulet pens.  check out lamy germany or lamy usa for their product offerings.





posted on october 22, 2019author chriscategories fountain pens
leave a comment



phil-i-pee

so i've been watching shooter on netflix. i've decided that i really do like ryan phillipe. it is an interesting show. you should watch.


posted on july 24, 2017may 14, 2022author chriscategories uncategorized
leave a comment



trumpianity

you may have seen the article in the washington post titled:   trump threatens to change the course of american christianity. you may have read it as well. i think this sums up the current events quite well. don’t get me wrong i do support donald trump. not because i agree with him. not because he is christian or maybe “christian”. not because he will promote family values. not because i believe in his policies nor that i agree with his bigotry. i support him because i respect the office. i can certainly say he has done some good things for this country. he has exposed bigotry. he has exposed hatred. and he has exposed what is wrong with american christianity.
had i not had the grounding of a good group of christian men and several pastors who brought me to knowing what it truly means to be a christian, i’d have left organized religion. but they taught me that christianity is about loving your neighbor – even if you don’t agree with them. to share your faith and beliefs in a way that gets people to question why you are different. as i write this i can hear my friend keiran mentioning an encounter she had with one of her friends who the evangelical right would proudly announce they are damned to hell. it is a phrase i have heard myself. “why are you nice to me when you hate me so much.” and her response was, “i don’t hate you.” and i was reminded of a similar comment from one of my favorite pastors (dr. bruzek) who is so quirky you forget he is wicked smart. when i struggled with a friendship, one i would not have had prior to my fire, he told me one thing…our job as christians is to love. the little baby jesus will sort it out in the end. (what, i shouldn’t share my faith and what i believe??? i know you are thinking that…) and when the time comes, which it will, you will be asked to share your beliefs. and the relationship that you have will allow you to share and still remain friends…because the little baby jesus is there to sort it all out. 
which brings me back to this article. never in my life have i ever been ashamed to be a christian…even if it meant that i was poked fun of. that is until the past year or so. i do not believe that the united states is or ever was a christian country – nor do i believe it should be. it is not what we were founded on. 

then he said to them, “therefore render to caesar the things that are caesar’s, and to god the things that are god’s.” (matthew 22:21 esv)

the problem with putting god’s blessing on a nation is that you distort what the gospel is. jesus was mocked for saying he was a king, the king of the jews. why? because he was not a temporal king. he was not a monarch, prime minister, dictator, or president. he was, in the eyes of many, a lowly carpenter and potentially nutty individual. that is what the the kingdom of the left was expecting – a leader for them. yet jesus was speaking of the kingdom of the right…
righteousness coram mundo
is the righteous in the eyes of the world. this is where it is ‘ok’ to have an abortion. ‘ok’ to take a life of a terminally ill person. ok to pirate software, to look at pornography, to sleep around. to be a god of your own. this is where the most important thing is to be a law abiding citizen and to be seen as a “good person”.  you do it because it makes you look good, you feel good, you happy. where you are an individual.

not only christians, but also muslims, jews, buddhists, and atheists are capable of being faithful spouses, loving parents, and hard-working employees. christians and non-christians perform many of the same external civil works (wikipedia) 

this is what america is founded on. and, in a way, this is why i am proud to be an american. it is a place you  celebrate diversity, individualism, and can be free to practice what you believe. it is where i am free to be a christian. it is also an environment where people like trump can thrive. it is a place where you can live the american dream. but it is run by sinful people who have a distorted view of what it means to be right. the focus here is always looking in.

righteousness coram deo
is the righteous in the eyes of god. it is where you no longer see the ten commandments as ten commandments, but a guide on how to live a happy, fulfilled life. you don’t look at serving others because it makes you feel good but because it allows you to share god’s love. 

on the one hand, the active righteousness of a christian and of an unbeliever is the same, for both do the same external works in the same vocations. for example, a person cannot tell the difference between a faithful christian employee and a faithful non-believing employee by sight. in a certain respect, a christian’s active righteousness is different only because the sin that taints it has been forgiven. in other words, the righteousness coram deo sanctifies the righteousness coram mundo.   (wikipedia’s interpretation of dr. joel biermann’s comments)

it is where i can love and care deeply for a friend, spouse, or family member above myself. not where i love because i love me first. unlike the kingdom of the left, the focus is outward. 
trumpianity
which is where i take away from this article something summed up at the end…


trump is different.
his campaign and presidency has shed light on a troubling wing of american evangelicalism willing to embrace nationalism, populism, fear of outsiders and anger. the leaders of this wing trade their evangelical witness for a mess of political pottage and a supreme court nomination.

i am not an evangelical christian. and honestly, i am not sure that i ever want to be. christianity is not about hate. it is not about god. it is not about the gospel. it is about me, myself, and i. it allows me to hate my gay neighbor, hate the muslim down the street, and to separate from the very people who need god’s love…sinners who don’t know god.
the author sums it up correctly…”some in my own circles have expressed a desire to leave their evangelical churches in search of a more authentic form of christianity.” trump and the evangelical right have put credence to what my non-christian friends say. christians are about hate. christians are mean. christians are a scourge to not be allowed to let lead this country.  but the problem is, this is not christianity. until we step back and embrace what true christianity is…and it is very simple…to love god with all your heart and to love your neighbor as yourself (ok, maybe not quite that easy) and to be the crazy odd balls who love their “enemy”, who are there for their “enemy”, to love their “enemy”. until we are known for showing the unconditional love of christ will people want to follow him. in the mean time, we are just pushing people away from christ. for those in the church into doing it on their own, without the support, teaching and support of a community. for those outside the church, away from the true love of jesus christ.


posted on july 18, 2017author chriscategories current events, faith, life, patriotism, politicstags establishment clause, supreme court, the donald, trump, united states
leave a comment



posts navigation

previous




toggle sidebar


menu

homefountain pen links
sample page
sample page



searchsearchrecent postsan interesting take on the roe v wade argument
and now the south african variant
canadian reacts to simpsons depiction of canada
triskele’s st. patrick’s day show
classical meets modern
recent commentsno comments to show.archives may 2022
november 2021
march 2021
december 2020
april 2020
october 2019
july 2017
june 2017
categories albany devils

brian goulet

canada

current events

faith

fountain pens

hockey

jake

lgbt

life

lutheran sundays

microblog

music

nj devils

patriotism

politics

sports

tours

uncategorized

 




proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: espied by wordpress.com.		







we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 























close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 











