






lmi.net - the bay area's local fiber internet and it provider


































































(510) 843-6389   1700 martin luther king jr. way berkeley, ca 94709
support@lmi.net
 

 
 
 











check availability
about us

contact information
news & blog
our history
privacy and net neutrality


services

internet

2109 kala bagai way
phiber
open5g
point-to-point internet
activspace


it
always on wifi
hosting

web hosting
server colocation
domain name registration
email services


wiring


support

voice
common issues

phlo to phiber faq


network status
dropslot
technical notes
contact information
billing information
update your credit card
international calling rates
cancellations


webmail
blog








select page


  
 



 



 











phiber internet available
get gigabit fiber optic internet and phone
 one month of free service for new residential phiber orders
for your home or business
 
check availability

 

managed it support
flexible pricing plans
complete it care for bay area businesses and non-profits
proactive helpdesk and security monitoring
 
 
check out our it services

 
 
 



contact us
 
 

email
support@lmi.net
 
 

phone
(510)843-6389
 
 
 
 





our services
lmi.net is proud to offer a variety of services that will suit your needs, personal or business. we’ve served our local community with internet for over 20 years and provide extensive it support for hundreds of local businesses and homes.
 
our history

 
 




wiring servicesour experienced technicians are standing by to fulfill any low voltage wiring services you may need for your home or business. want to fully wire your home with ethernet or do you need to build your network for your new business or office? we’re here to help!
free estimate

 



business it serviceslmi has provided extensive it support services for hundreds of businesses in the bay area for over 20 years. our team can supplement any existing it support you may have or act as your complete it support department. contact us so that we can learn more about your business and how we can help you grow and make you more productive!
free consultation

 
 
 



phiberlmi is proud to offer gigabit fiber optic internet and voip phone service to our community. get the fastest internet service, with no contract, free installation, and the best rated support.
check availability



always on wifiwe are proud to offer a managed network solution to enhance our internet services to give you faster speeds and full coverage of your home or business. try out our professionally installed networking system with enterprise grade hardware!
more info

 
 
 



about us
what makes us different?
our mission is to provide the best services available, at the most competitive prices, all while ensuring our members are respectfully supported with personal consideration. we understand the value of honesty, transparency, knowledge, and above all, providing personalized support that doesn’t make you wait on hold endlessly or talk to a machine.
give us a chance and let us show you what our vision of how a service provider should support its members.
 
 
 



 
 





see what our members have to say!

 
 
 




find us on nextdoor!

 
 
 




check out our page on facebook!

 
 
 
 





support local businesses!

 
 
 




see our twitter for updates!

 
 
 




supporing berkeley and its communities

 
 
 
 
 



words from our team
updates regarding our services and helpful articles
 
 
 




adding your lmi email account to outlook 365
nov 30, 2024 | technical notesthis tech note pertains to version 2410 of outlook that comes with the microsoft 365 suite. this...

 

adjusting mail server settings in outlook 365
nov 29, 2024 | technical notesthis tech note pertains to version 2410 of outlook that comes with the microsoft 365 suite. this...

 

email encryption update
nov 21, 2024 | blog, network updates, newswe're updating our encryption requirements for email. you may have recently received an email...

 

 
 
 
 



how we show we care

 



solar powered internet
our office in berkeley is partially powered by solar power panels and our company vehicles are nissan leafs, both in an effort to reduce our carbon footprint as much as possible.

 
 

~

internet privacy
in this day and age, we understand how important privacy on the internet is and how other companies may abuse your data. we have never had a data breach and will never sell or exploit your data.

 
 



net neutrality and the future
the fcc has repeatedly rejected legislation to ensure that the future of the internet is not controlled by large corporations. here at lmi.net, we stand by the principle that the internet should be for everyone and access should not be restricted due to corporate policies or lobbying.

 
 
 



 
 
 



check availability
 
go!

 
 

 



what our members have to say
customer testimonials
 
 
 




“lmi has been wonderful from day 1.  they were able to book a tech to come install our service within a week of our order and the service worked perfectly without any repeat visits.”
 
chris h.
internet customer, berkeley
 
 
 





we’re so pleased with the continuing good customer service we get from lmi. what a professional, responsive, courteous company. three cheers!





 
sarah d.
internet customer, oakland
 
 
 


both my mom and i have been lmi customers for about a year now. both of us have been very happy with their service. no contract, no 30-day notice, no bs that many other companies give you. 
sean b.
internet customer, albany
 
 
 
 
 



still have questions?
let us help! our local staff would love to help you with your questions.
 
contact us

 
 
  


 
 
 
  







facebook




twitter


copyright lmi.net | all rights reserved  

 
 
 




 










































