













highlands astronomical society | highlands astronomical society - astronomy club and group for inverness, dingwall, ross-shire, and highlands, scotland








































skip to main content














highlands astronomical society






home


about


society activities


aims and objectives


disclaimer


committees


find us




join our club


meetings/events


observatory


jsl observatory info


observing guidelines




club news


observing reports


resources


documentation




astropics


hi-res images (flickr)




contact









welcome to highlands astronomical society


'the active astronomy club'

highlands astronomical society (has) is where amateur astonomers and others with an interest in astronomy share their passion for the stars, planets and all other wonders of the universe.

there is something for everyone, from occasional talks to observing sessions, teaching & coaching what to see and how to see it, suitable for all - from absolute beginners to the more advanced astronomer - with the emphasis on amateurs 'doing' astronomy.  we meet monthly in smithton, inverness and have our own observatory near culloden battlefield where we view & photograph both the night sky and our sun.
♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦




next has monthly club meeting
march 2025
open to has members, affiliated club members, youngstars and visitors
tuesday, 4th march 2025
the café at smithton church, inverness  iv2 7yu
 
doors  open:  6:45 pm
starts: 7:15 pm
close:  9:30 pm
 
evening's programme  -

club news and members' photos
main event  --  tbc
break - refreshments and raffle
club time - social time / chat about the talk / bring your own equipment if you need help from other club members ...

 
-----------------
 
 
feel free to bring along your own equipment **  if you need advice or you want to demo it.
** please let us know beforehand (use the drop-down menu on our contact page) & that will enable us to have the 'right' people in place on the night.
 
non-members welcome - come along and see what we get up to.  if you like what you see it's easy to join your local astronomy club
first visit is free, thereafter a charitable donation of £6.00 is appreciated.
 
members - bring along a friend!
 
non-members interested in joining, please get in touch using facebook messenger or the contact menu button on this website.
♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦





joining has

 join online now - click here 
click here to find details about member benefits and how to apply for membership of your friendly, local scottish highlands astronomy club.
contact us via our enquiries page if you need further information.  we want this to be as simple a process for you as we can possibly make it.
♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦





member's messier challenge


2024-25




we're now getting to the 'serious', and best, time of the astronomy season. to help members learn to navigate the night sky and 'hunt down' beautiful & fascinating objects we're resurrecting a member's challenge we set up & ran nearly two decades ago
the has member's messier challenge
earn your own bronze, silver, gold, & platinum certificates of achievment while learning 'how to do' amateur astronomy - it's great fun and you've got plenty of experienced club members & observers to help you.
 
click here ... to learn more about the has members messier challenge

if you want to start using your telescope, binoculars, or star atlas  ... and you find  you need a wee bit help to get the best out of it ... just get in touch with your friendly & helpful local scottish highlands astronomy club.
we'll get you on the right path to start looking up!
♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦





charitable donations

if you attend one of our public observing sessions, enjoy the experience, and wish to thank us in a practical manner, you can help by making a contribution to the society’s collection box.
the highlands astronomical society is a registered scottish charity (sc 037209) and depends on fund raising and donations to keep the club & observatory running.
♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦ - ♦
 









event  ended

 
 

postponed

 
 
find us at
has jsl observatory
 
sometimes nts security close the main gate after we have set up.  if this is the case, leave your car in the top car park & walk down to the observatory




upcoming meetings & events



 
4
mar
25

march monthly meeting


 
1
apr
25

agm & april monthly meeting






news and articles
 





9
oct
24

			comet tsuchinshan




25
aug
24

			perseid party




14
aug
24

			star charts - a brief history




24
jun
24

			clava




15
may
24

			barbeque of the sun




5
apr
24

			pons-brooks star party




1
mar
24

			selene








current moon phase












aurora
(current kp index)












aurora
(glendale app)












has allskycam
(live 24/7)





















has members latest images
click on thumbnail to see larger & higher resolution images












facebook
instagram
flickr
youtube




sitemap
copyright © 2025 highlands astronomical society

40659







site search


site search



search site


search term











^


