








arizona swimming pool builder | california pools & landscape





























































480-712-8800request an estimatemeet a designerget financedpossibilitiesultimate backyardnew poolpool remodellandscapecommercialbaja shelfeducationlearning centerworking with usbuyer’s prep guidepricingdesignwarranty & servicegalleryconnect




menu your family's vision costs less than you think!we pride ourselves on understanding your unique needs and budget, delivering on our promise to build the perfect backyard at the right price.request an estimatean investment in your home & family's lifestyle!at california pools & landscape, we build more than pools. make memories for years to come in the backyard oasis of your dreams!finance optionsyour vision is our passion we dream in backyardswe bring artistry, skill, and craftsmanship to the most diverse of projects. our award-winning designers turn inspiration into reality.meet a designervisit the california pools & landscape learning centerexplore our blogs, videos, editorial and photo gallery to find everything you need to bring your vision to life. the possibilities are unlimited.visit learning centerfire up your imagination there's an app for thatlet our all new dreambook 2.0 app inspire and inform you with everything from features to ultimate backyards.check out the appclick to callget an estimateget fundingmeet a designerfall in love with your yard!is your backyard your favorite escape, or does it leave you longing for more? fall back in love with your backyard with a makeover by california pools & landscape! from stunning pools and luxurious spas to complete outdoor transformations, our team is ready to help you design a space you’ll love coming home to.get starteda pool building experience as refreshing as your new poolover the last 36 years, we have focused on building more than gorgeous arizona swimming pools and exquisite outdoor living spaces — we have also built an unprecedented reputation for outstanding customer service and unparalleled craftsmanship. with more than 36,000 pools in the ground, we know that every great project begins with a conversation about each customer’s vision, lifestyle, and budget. from there, we transform their backyard into the retreat of their dreams.price your dream projectplanning your dream pool should be a splash of excitement, not a wave of stress—especially when it comes to costs. at california pools & landscape, we pride ourselves on clear, transparent pricing from day one. you’ll always know what to expect at every step of the journey—no surprises, just your backyard vision turning into a stunning reality.let's begin

winner of bbb international torch award for ethicscalifornia pools & landscape is incredibly honored to have been one of only four companies in north america to be presented the better business bureau international torch award for ethics.“california pools & landscape prides itself on meeting and exceeding customers’ expectations.  the judges noted that everything this company does revolves around their commitment to the customer.  the company also recognizes that in order to provide the highest level of products and services to the customer, they must provide a rewarding work environment for their employees.  they do this through recognition programs, affording opportunities for career growth, and by offering ongoing ethics/leadership training.  everyone in the company has the authority to take care of the customer and to do what is right.”mary e. power, ceo for the council of better business bureaus

california pools & landscape builds ultimate backyardssee the videoestimate on a staycationwe pride ourselves on understanding your needs and budget – and then delivering on our promises. the process begins with a conversation so we can understand you and your family. let us provide you with a no-cost estimate on your family’s dream backyard. stop dreaming and start swimming.request an estimatelet’s get you fundedwe know that a pool is an investment, in your home and in your family’s lifestyle. that’s why we offer pool funding options to help make your dream pool affordable. we have numerous unsecured and secured loan products available to you. how can we help make your dream backyard a reality today?get you fundedlet’s design togetherwe are a nationally awarded designer of backyards of every description, but our most prestigious award is meeting our customers’ expectations. we use state-of-the-art image modeling that allows you to dream in 3d. we welcome you to come in and sit with our design specialists and let us bring your dreams to life!meet a designersee what our customers are sayingtatiana a.tatiana a.


 

my sister adriana, works here at cal pools and is always raving about how professional and efficient the atmosphere here is. this was especially important to her when getting hired and is glad to see they exceeded her expectations in the office and loves the way customers are treated as the main priority. go cal pools!!rick f.


 

calpools is amazing; stop looking now if you're contemplating a pool and talk with cp. from the onset, they were professional, helped us understand all the details and addressed every question and concern. cliff was great on the design phase and the entire team was on time and informative. special kudos to gabe! his vast knowledge was apparent during orientation and did a wonderful job helping us learn our new pool and spa. cp is the best.debbie harmonson


 

put a down payment on a new pool, far california pools and their employees have been great. their customer service has been exceptional. i will update once it has been completed. i especially there online application. it is user friendly, and greatly appreciated. knowing all upcoming steps helps to reassure us.jennifer swanson


 

i recently experienced two cracks in my pool. noah was quick to come out to my home to inspect, and schedule service. due to the hot temperature, the first repair was temporary, but held up great until the weather cooperated for draining. thank you, noah, for your incredible service and follow-up.art m.art m.


 

i have built three pools with california pools and landscape and just used them to install a new patio. todd, jesse and jeremy are all fantastic and their knowledge is unsurpassed. anytime we ran into issues, which happens in almost every construction project, they explained the process and had solutions readily available. pools have become increasingly complex and jesse's quick responses to our questions has been one of the reasons we keep going back to this company. the warranty department and todd have been awesome and get you scheduled quickly. there are a lot of stories about pool builders that are not reputable and cannot be found after your pool is built. that is not the case with california pools and landscape who treat you like their best customers long after your pool is complete.jayme witwer


 

almost 2 years with ca pools we have found the team to still be providing stellar service and guidance on things related to our pool system. kathy venn , service coordinator and alan, technician are excellent resources and are super diligent and caring about client satisfaction. thanks as always..ms classy


 

great workchristina h.christina h.


 

california pools did a great job on my pool and spa. everyone that i worked with was very professional, courteous and friendly. i would highly recommend them to install your new pool.gordondarcy m.darcy m.


 

we have been extremely pleased with california pools, from the beginning planning stages with dave grau through the building process and now to maintenance. we have had very few issues and the ones we've had were promptly addressed. leslie and trevor responded quickly. i would highly recommend california pools and spas. they may not be the least expensive but it's worth every penny to have friendly, knowledgeable and responsive people to work with.sabrina c.sabrina c.


 

cal pools worked on the landscaping for my backyard last year and were great and easy to work with. they made the process easy, supported all my inquiries through the design phase and kept me informed during the installation. recently i had an issue with the breaker installed for my lighting and they came out and took care of it for me right away and at no charge to me. it's always good when a company is willing to right the wrongs even after the work had long been completed. it shows honesty and integrity and the desire to keep their customers staisfied. highly recommend using them!!brooke m.brooke m.


 

awesome experience with california pools! they have designed and built two pools for us and both experiences were great! super nice staff in the scottsdale office and in the field! their mobile app kept us up to date on all construction activities and phases. jeremiah was great - he was consistently on site checking progress and making sure we were happy with all the work. finished our pool just in time to start the summer. very happy and would definitely use again!amy m.amy m.


 

after 10 years of living without a pool, we finally decided we needed to have one put in! we had gone to another pool company a few years ago, but felt quite pressured and after determining it was not a good time to put in a pool we put it on the back burner. we went to california pools after a couple of recommendations from friends and went to their office. they designed exactly what we wanted and made sure that we did not go over our budget, but at the same time got a beautiful pool. our designer and project manager were great and were readily available for any questions or issues we had...we only had one minor issue and it was resolved quickly. we are so happy with the way our yard turned out!!!sandy r.sandy r.


 

i used california pools because some friends have a pool designed and built by california pools and it is beautiful and the quality of work is outstanding.it took longer than i expected but partly that was because of covid, labor shortage, and supply chain delays. christian pierre was the designer and he worked with me patiently while we continued to tweek the design, once that was finished even though his job was finished and he was out of the loop he still stayed in contact with me to add that touch of customer service. jordan thrasher, the construction manager, has been an excellent resource stopping by periodically to check on progress, quality of work, and answering any questions i had. their app for mobile phone is awesome, providing visibility to progress, ability to leave messages, financials.there are areas for improvement, as always with any project. i got frustrated with the time spent by cal pools working with the city of peoria and obtaining permits, satisfying requirements. that took very much longer than i expected. it would be nice if there was an appointed single point of contact, i worked with several people; designer, project manager, scheduling manager(s), and construction manager. or, what would be helpful is perhaps a new customer orientation and explain all the different people and their roles and who to call based on the type of question. with that said; all in all i would recommend them in a heart beat to anybody wanting to build a pool. my pool is under construction but nearing the end and it will be beautiful! i'm very happy with everything!! can't wait to get in that pool!susan s.


 

a big thank you to bianca in the warranty department, and service tech trevor. after trevor was out on a warranty issue, we told him that we only had brief instructions on the equipment, and weren't sure how to work everything. bianca was able to get trevor back out here within a couple of days, and he did a fantastic job of explaining the system to us. he took his time, and made sure we understood everything.kate c.kate c.


 

california pools and landscape came to our rescue! another contractor left us with a half-finished project, an empty pool, and a giant mess. after seeing our disaster broadcast on 3 by-your-side, the owner of cal pools actually reached out to us and offered to help.we have done many, many construction/remodel projects over the years. never have we worked with such a professional, organized, honest company. they truly set a new standard. stephen, our project manager, seamlessly coordinated each aspect of our complicated redo. they have an app for your phone that provides continued updates, alerting you to when and who will be in your yard, what the steps are to complete the project etc. each subcontractor is part of cal pools, so they know their aspect of the job and performs at the same high standard. our yard is beautiful!delaney family


 

we are really enjoying our new pool. the people on our team are so nice. they where there when everytime we had questions or help with anything. thanks for everything.rotessa l


 

california pools has created the most relaxing,inviting and beautiful backyard space for my home. the construction process was easy and there was constant communication. any issues or concerns were always immediately addressed and corrected. the app provided a tracking trail for every action taken in my backyard. from working with doug, victoria and dylan to all of the subcontractors this has been a wonderful contracting experience. in the final phase they pushed to complete the job in time for me to hold my sister's wedding in the backyard. all of the guests were blown away by the beautiful pool and landscape.leslie jenkins


 

best pool company out there. would definitely recommend.erna t.erna t.


 

we are thrilled with our pool and landscaping! we went with california pools because they did everything! they transformed a small, very plain backyard into our own little oasis with a freeform pool complete with a baja shelf, lighting, landscaping, and a soothing water feature. leann madar kept us well informed on what was happening and when. matt sauer got us started with a beautiful plan and matt white checked on us all along the way, making sure we were satisfied, feeling comfortable, and answering our many questions. each team in the construction of the pool and yard did their part in this project in a timely fashion and the worksite was kept tidy throughout. todd stewart was extremely patient and helpful in teaching us how to care for our pool and luis is continuing to assist us with the new plants.susan b.


 

california pools did a great job on our pool. duane, valerie and their entire construction team were fantastic to work with. they were on time and did everything they said they would. i would highly recccomend california pools! our pool is beautiful!!aaron v.aaron v.


 

the staff at california pool was great to work with. they made the process very easy. tom's design was fabulous. exactly what we wanted. jeremiah handled every concern we had on the job site and sarah kept us informed via the app. i would recommend cal pools to anyone.california pools & landscape creates outdoor living environments that translate your vision into reality. as the premier pool and outdoor living construction company in the southwest, we are committed to meeting your expectations through innovative designs, quality construction and consistent communication. our number one goal is you and your family’s complete and total satisfaction. we want you to enjoy your outdoor living area every day for many years to come.get an estimatelearning centerdiscover our passionin our 36 years of experience we have gathered a wealth of information to inspire and inform you as you dream up a sublime backyard sanctuary. explore our blogs, videos, editorial and photo gallery to find everything you need to bring your vision to life. the possibilities are unlimited.how much does a pool cost?how long does a pool take?funding your dream yardsearchsubmitclearalldesignpricingprojectsconstructionvideosexperiencecalifornia pools & landscape honored with 7 of pebbletec’s 2024 world’s greatest poolscalifornia pools & landscape wins nine 2024 phta awardsphoenix pool contractor project costbest travertine paver decks in arizonavisit the fulllearning centerthe project galleryview the full gallerymeet designersrequest an estimateget funding scottsdale design center23271 n. scottsdale rd. #a105
scottsdale, az 85255
480-613-2112google mapschandler design center4320 w. chandler blvd. #1
chandler, az 85226
480-680-0139google mapsqueen creek design center40930 n. ironwood dr. #116
queen creek, az 85140
480-470-0202google mapssurprise design center15240 n. cotton ln. #104
surprise, az 85388
623-244-6454google mapsabout california pools & landscapecalifornia pool & landscape is arizona's premier pool and outdoor living construction company. as the bbb's ethic's award winner, we are committed to meeting expectations through innovative designs, quality construction, and consistent communication. our number one goal is the complete and total satisfaction of our customers. request a free estimate and meet our award-winning designers. your family's vision is closer than you think.roc licenses339051
339093
339094
342168join our community

newsletter signup

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.












δ

© california pools & landscapeall rights reserved.
privacy policy.digital marketing strategy|developed © california pools & landscape all rights reserved.
privacy policy.get startedrequest an estimateget financedmeet a designergallerylocationspossibilitiesultimate backyardnew poolpool remodellandscapecommercialeducationlearning centerworking with usbuyer’s prep guidepricingdesignwarranty & serviceget startedrequest an estimateget financedmeet a designergallerylocationspossibilitiesultimate backyardnew poolpool remodellandscapecommercialbaja shelfeducationlearning centerworking with usbuyer’s prep guidepricingdesignwarranty & service



































