











home - the yoga studio






















































 










		skip to content











					the yoga studio
				

 





main menu
 


about
schedule
workshops + retreats
teachings + media




 
 

 
 







 










barbara benagh








schedule








workshops + retreats





















upcoming events








livestream classes 
first friday 10:00-noon et. second monday 1:30-3:30pm et and third sunday 11:00am-1:00pm et



more info


 
 








the yoga vacation in jamaica 
live • february 2-9 & 9-16, 2025
 
 









register




learn more











martha's vineyard yoga retreat 
live • may 15-19,2025
 
 









register




learn more












" pay attention. be astonished. tell about it."






—mary oliver













join barbara's mail list




!



!
 


subscribe




barbara sends a few newsletters per year with updates on classes, trainings, and retreats.
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.




















check out classes on dvd.







view media


















 













i’m writing because yesterday's class reminded me of how much i look forward to your classes and though i wasn’t  excited about the online idea i set aside my judgment and received a powerful experience just as an in-person class."


a.r. 







thank you so much for the absolutely exemplary practices that i was able to participate in with you over the past few days. your practices are the perfect balance of grace and strength. i always learn so much from you.


k.s. 







i'm just writing to let you know that i think of you often since i had been practicing yoga for years before coming to your studio but never on the technical level you teach. i learned so much from you and am forever grateful.


p.l. 







barbara has an extraordinary way of breaking down challenging postures step by step, and using each progression as conscious preparation and warm up for the next step; therefore, each step or modification becomes an asana within itself. honestly, it is this “foreplay” that is interesting, not the final pose. 

m.m. 







i find your sequencing and pace can bring me to places like no other. 

k.f. 







just wanted to thank you for the fabulous journey taken with your guidance, wisdom, patience and kindness during class  i really did feel like i went somewhere and came back refreshed and renewed. 

n.c. 







i have fond memories of classes early in my meeting you where i perched at the front of the room trying to get as close as possible to the source that was leading me back to myself. 

b.g. 






 




 


i feel you are a unique teacher, and guide; you truly teach yoga as poetry, with such deep knowledge of the yoga experience. thank you! 

m.c. 






 




 


thank you for the instruction in class yesterday. it was as if you sent me on a different, more gentle journey to the same place. you are a gift. 

s.l. 






 




 


after all these years and all these yoga classes, i’ve found a master teacher who has the genuine healing presence and the ability to talk. through the pose and what’s really important to focus on. you have a way of describing things that truly helps the pose. love it. 

j.g. 






 




 


there was something in your teaching that even in the beginning i understood was more about yoga than what the average class was teaching me. 

s.f. 






 




 


i had never thought about it this way before, but the best yoga teachers are poets too. your ability to translate yoga into words is incredibly useful but also beautiful in its own right. and really helped me concentrate because the imagery was so vivid. i wasn'tprepared for just how much i was going to enjoy that aspect of the experience. thank you for all of it. 

j.s. 






 




 


your classes are so vibrant because of your incredible skill as a teacher and your vividly bright narrative stories. i can't wait until the next time. 

k.s. 






 




 


it has been a privilege to have been your student.  i feel very lucky to have found such an exceptional, appropriate teacher. i could not have predicted how much i would learn and how capable a practitioner of yoga i would become under your tutelage. 

s.l. 






 




 


your experience, wisdom, guidance and of course, sense of humor makes every class one to be cherished. i know i’ll never find another like you. 

p.r. 






 




 


so this note is just to say thank you for your teaching.  i count it among the most important things that i have ever encountered in life, and because of that yoga has become a part of me from the inside out. i know it will always be there and ever evolving. 

j.f. 














read more testimonials


















the yoga studio






barbara benagh






 















 how can i take a class with barbara?


barbara has semi-retired and moved to durham, north carolina. though she does teach a few live events, since the pandemic, her classes are mostly livestream - 3 a month. take a look at the class schedule for more details.




 is barbara teaching anywhere other than the boston area?


why yes she is. every february she teams up with her long time friend, john schumacher (an iyengar teacher) for the yoga vacation in negril jamaica. 39 years and going strong.also, each may barbara teaches a 5 day residential retreat on martha's vineyard. this long weekend is a special, serene treat. details are on the workshops & retreat page.




 does barbara have any video or audio available?


she does! some years ago barbara was hired by fitness producer bodywisdom media to create and film a number of yoga dvds. these are all still available on amazon. people have even pirated snippets of the dvds and posted on youtube!




 how can i contact barbara if i have a question or just want to say hi!


while barbara cannot begin to address questions relating to physical or emotional issues arising in your practice without seeing you in person, she welcomes emails with general questions, comments, and greetings. barbara@yogastudio.org
 



















© 2019 barbara benagh’s yoga studio  |  all rights reserved |  privacy policy |  site built by 88 creative studio













start typing and press enter to search 


search...


  







scroll to top














