






duncan & mandy's website















tip:  hold "shift" and click on link to open in new window










           
          

           
          

           
          

           
          

           
          




           
          

           
         

           
          

           
          

           




















      duncan & mandywelcome
     















welcome to our website.  this website contains over sixty one thousand photographs of 
places we have visited.  most of these places are in north wiltshire and are mostly of parish churches - see  
location index.


many of the buildings we have photographed are hundreds of years old and whilst some are in good condition, others 
have been eroded by weather and time.  our aim is to photograph everything, to preserve their images for future 
generations to see and experience. 























an important part of what we do is to photograph gravestones and memorials; they are important to preserve, 
albeit as a photograph, because they may now be the only physical link to a family member.  inscriptions 
erode in a relatively short time and unless recorded, are gone forever.  we hope we are helping, in some 
small way at least, to preserve them for their family members to come.







in order to help you find any photographs that may have relevance to your family we have recorded every name that 
appears on each photograph and we have produced a searchable  
name search  index.


take a look around and see what's on the site - you will find links at the top and bottom of each page.  
here is a short explanation to what they each are.

guide to links/buttons found on each page of this website




about us - a bit of info about us.

contact us - how to contact us.

copyright conditions
       - copyright conditions to using our photographs.

donate - how to donate towards keeping this site running.

faqs   - frequently asked questions about this website.

links   - related websites you might find useful.

location index 
      - list of churches and places we have photographed.
      
name search 
      - search through the 72,170 names (9,216 surnames) recorded from our photographs and text.

sponsors  - people who have financially contributed to this website.

war memorials  - list of war memorials at this website.

wiltshire collections  
      - book about wiltshire by john aubrey and john jackson.














home
        | 
       contact us
        | 
       copyright
        | 
       donate
        | 
       faqs
        | 
       links
        | 
       location index
        | 
       sponsors
         | 
      surname search
         | 
       us
        | 
       war memorials
        | 
       wiltshire collections








tip:  hold "shift" and click on link to open in new window














          this page was last updated on 28/08/2021 18:04:57
         



           © copyright d & m ball 1999-2021
           
           <%=strcount%>
          



oodwooc mē fēcit  













