





international remote viewing association | irva

























































recent news:  next iru/irva monthly meeting: 02-02-2025announcing irva’s professional membership program!announcing irva’s new target practice group!meet irva’s 2024 board of directors 



log in | sign up 













 
 
 










home
about

about irva
principles of community
irva ic communities
contact us


news
events

2025 irva conference
irva sponsored events
member organized events
add your own event
focal point target group
irva ed rv education program
remote viewing events calendar


irva programs

irva ed rv education program
irva research unit (iru)
irva ic communities
irva pro memberships


research

irva research unit (iru)
the irva – iris remote viewing research grant -2023
crvreg study


library

aperture
articles and papers
remote viewing videos
remote viewing fireside chats
conference videos (members)
cia star gate archive (members)


shop

join us
conference videos
amazon smile
popular books
logo merchandise
donate


 





select page


  
 



 



 











international remote viewing association
support irva by joining our membership and enjoy exclusive content
donate to help fund irva or finance research efforts
subscribe to our newsletter – no spam, just updates on remote viewing news and events
join
donate
subscribe


















what is remote viewing
rv is a novel perceptual discipline for gaining information not available to the ordinary physical senses. used extensively by so-called “psychic spies” during the cold war for classified military projects, it has a long history both as an intelligence gathering tool and as the subject of research and applications in the civilian world.





who we are
we are a non-profit, 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to promoting the responsible use and development of rv. we are an independently formed, non-profit member organization of scientists, rv professionals, students, and other interested persons. we offer free information to inform and educate the public about the nature and uses of rv and additional benefits to our supporting membership.





what we provide














aperture magazine
aperture is a periodic magazine featuring articles by experts in the field on news, history, media reviews, and techniques in the industry.












cia stargate archives
irva is proud to offer its members the entire content of the cia’s star gate archives in an easy to access online format.












conference videos
irva members have access to a curated collection of rv videos from prior conferences.












focal point
the focal point target forum is available to members who wish to actively work new targets, post their sessions, and participate in discussions.










research
the warcollier prize is a financial award presented to the winner of a judged competition for the best research proposal investigating some aspect of rv.








international committee
dedicated to research and education of remote viewing.












rv videos
rv related videos are available to members and the public on the irva vimeo and youtube channels.












community
irva members can participate in an online forum to discuss rv related news, events, and the latest rv techniques.














library
members and the public can explore an extensive bibliography of rv related books, articles, and papers along with links to the various publications.












irva ed
members can signup for online rv training classes offered through irva ed. irva ed welcomes all rv modalities, methods, techniques, and methods.












member organized events
members can list rv related events, meetups, and classes on the irva events list free of charge.












member forums
hang out in our forums and discuss remote viewing with other like-minded people.












join our community
follow us on social media and stay connected









subscribe to our newsletter
never spam, only timely updates on remote viewing news and events









 








about rvwhat is it?
facts and considerations
history
timeline
methodologies
how to
resourcesconferences
speakers & contributors
valuable links
books
ethical guidelines for viewers
focal point practice targets
recent news next iru/irva monthly meeting: 02-02-2025announcing irva’s professional membership program!announcing irva’s new target practice group!meet irva’s 2024 board of directors

recent forum topics displacement study - please take if you are an experienced remote viewer!think tank foundation - irva member suggestions requestedis the vast "khan khentii strictly protected area" the final resting place of genghis khan?i am new here ... not to rv.... so happy to meet you all, even remotely ...:)live target practice

 



copyright © 2025 irva
sitemap
privacy
terms
documents
 









 



















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. you can learn more about cookies in our privacy policy.ok




