


  



creekside cabaret, your #1 upscale gentlemen's club in montgomery county, pa!













































3225 advance lane hatfield, pa 18915 
~ p:215-822-2886~ hours of operation: 4pm - 2am / mon - sat



































































creekside cabaret
creekside cabaret is montgomery county's only true gentlemen's club! located in hatfield pa right off of route 309, creekside is in a prime location and easy to find. we offer the latest top shelf liquors and select craft/seasonal beers as well as bottle service in one of our luxurious stage-side suites! come watch your favorite pay-per-view ufc fight or sporting event on our huge 18-foot hd projector screen above the bar! for a little more personal experience, let your favorite entertainer take you to our private lap dance room or spend a little more time in our sophisticated vip champagne court!winner of the 2018 feature club of the year award"award nominations"  2018 feature club of the year 2016 small club of the year, east 2016 feature club of the year  2017 gentlemens club of the year, east  please wear nice attire (no torn jeans, tank tops, undershirts, or baseball caps) the ladies always appreciate when you dress up for them!





contact creekside cabaret
once your form is submitted a creekside cabaret employee will contact you back promptly.  if you are interested in applying for a job at creekside cabaret, please fill out the job application form.  we are always looking for new dancers, bartenders, door hosts, servers, house moms, security and masseuse.



































vip / party packages
book vip bottle service or a party package today for any event.  at creekside cabaret we specialize is throwing the most unforgetable bachelor, birthday or corporate parties .  let the sexiest entertainers in montgomery county take care of you at your next event!
book today



upcoming events
there is always something going on at creekside cabaret in montgomery county!  enjoy our next amateur night or come see one of the hottest burlesque entertainers or xxx stars booked!
view all events



apply at creekside
interested in being an entertainer?  we are always hiring bartenders, door hosts, servers, house moms, masseuse and entertainers! fill out the form and a club representative will contact you back.
contact now



gallery
see what you are missing out on!  view some of the hottest parties and events thrown at creekside cabaret! once you see these pictures you wont miss the next one!
take a look













vip bottle service / party packages
at creekside cabaret you can choose the deluxe and executive plans or book a vip bottle service.  we try to accommodate all your needs and make sure you have that night you wont forget.  if you don't see something you want or have a question let us know!





$50 per person
2 hour package
no cover charge
unlimited domestic and imported bottled beer(includes soda)excludes specialty beers
$15 per person per additional hour
a 25% non-refundable deposit is required at least one week in advance to reserve seating and assure package prices.  18% gratuity will be added to each party.
book now





$60 per person
2 hour package
no cover charge
unlimited domestic and imported bottled beer(includes soda)excludes specialty beers
open liquor bar - mixed drinks only(not including shots)excludes top shelf alcohol
$25 per person per additional hour
a 25% non-refundable deposit is required at least one week in advance to reserve seating and assure package prices.  18% gratuity will be added to each party.
book now





grey goose $250
ciroc  $250
patron silver tequila $275
captain morgan  $225
hennessy cognac $250
jack daniel's whiskey $225
jameson  $225
veuve cliquot brut $175
veuve cliquot rosé $195
dom perignon vintage brut $375
perrier jouet  $350
**bottle service accompanied with mixers & garnishes***bottled premium white & red wine available upon request*
book now








creekside cabaret montgomery county's only true gentlemen's club
located right off of route 309 in hatfield, pa.  contact us today: 3225 advance lane hatfield, pa 18915 phone: 215-822-2886 
 



















tweets by creeksidecgc 











creekside cabaret ~ 3225 advance lane hatfield, pa 18915  ~ phone: 215-822-2886
© 2016 creeksidecabaret.com. all rights reserved



home
vip
packages
events
gallery
apply
contact



















this is a modal.
reveal makes these very easy to summon and dismiss. the close button is simply an anchor with a unicode character icon and a class of close-reveal-modal. clicking anywhere outside the modal will also dismiss it.
finally, if your modal summons another reveal modal, the plugin will handle that for you gracefully.
×




