

jthydraulics.com is donaldson filters, western filter, velcon filters, internormen filters, epe, lha






j/t hydraulics & service co., inc.
donaldson filters • velcon filters • internormen filters • fpc filters • zsi cushaclamp cushion clamping systems • american industrial heat exchangers • honor gear pumps
800 591-8280 • hablamos español • 713 461-9631 fax


for a 
filtration guide, fluid power formulas, conversion equations & equivalents and more filtration information, go to our 'frames' site: 
home




j/t hydraulics and service co, inc. has been a donaldson filter distributor since 1986 when, at that time, donaldson company appointed us the first donaldson hydraulic distributor for the state of texas.  since then, we have grown to become their largest stocking distributor location in the country.  


we are an authorized distributor for the following product lines:
 
j/t hydraulics & service co. is one of donaldson® company's premier distributors for their industrial hydraulic filter division.  we also represent their aftermarket products division of air, fuel and lube filter elements.  we maintain the largest distributor hydraulic inventory under one roof, second only to the donaldson factory warehouses in indiana and california.  we ship filters and accessories the same day from our warehouse, or from donaldson, depending on the proximity, stock, and time of day.  application assistance on the entire donaldson product line is available from our inside sales staff.

velcon filters is well known for their aquacon® filter media which will remove water from hydraulic and lube oils and various types of fuels.  velcon's latest breakthrough technology is their superdri® filter media which will remove dissolved water from insulation oils found in transformers and other electrical apparatus.  velcon's systems division builds filters systems for various applications incorporating many filter medias.

internormen filters is highly regarded as one of the leading manufacturers of hydraulic filter assemblies and elements.  within their complete range of filter assemblies, they offer high and low pressure duplex assemblies, stainless steel filter assemblies and high volume pressure assemblies to 260gpm and 6000psi.

filtration products corp. is an expert company in low pressure spin on filter assemblies from 1/4" to 2" double element assemblies.

zsi inc. is a manufacturer of cushion clamp hardware, best known for their trademark product line, cushaclamp.  in addition to this channel mount cushion clamp line, they offer a u-bolt style clamp line for the most heavy duty applications, a weld plate cushion clamp interchangeable with all other manufacturers of the same, and they have various other lighter duty clamp product lines.

american industrial heat transfer is a manufacturer of shell & tube and air blast style heat exchangers typically used in hydraulic systems.

 we are also an agent for the following lines:

superswivels is a manufacturer of 5000psi live end hydraulic swivels.  they are available in many different seal materials and made from carbon steel and stainless steel.

source fluid power is a manufacturer of hydraulic manifolds and special design circuit blocks for hydraulic systems.  source is also the manufacturer of the sfp motorized flow control which allows simple and economical remote control for flows up to 50gpm.  it uses a 12vdc motor to open or close a rotary spool valve.

honor gear pumps corp. is a taiwan manufacturer of small aluminum body high pressure gear pumps.  they come in various displacements in an "aa" and "a" front mounting flange.  they are rated to 3000psi working pressure with keyed and spline shaft ends.  o-ring boss ports are standard.  all models are high efficiency pressure loaded bearing block design.  the front flange and rear cover are high quality aluminum die cast, and the body is cut from high quality extruded aluminum stock.  the factory warehouse is in houston, texas, where thousands of pumps are typically on the shelf.

thank you for your interest in our product lines.  we look forward to hearing from you.  please feel free to be in touch.
sincerely,
roger lang
president
j/t hydraulics & service co., inc.



home










