





origin biomed inc. – origin manufactures health products






















































home
neuragen
how to apply
consumer
professional
corporate
buy it
contact us
 









neuragen
for symptomatic relief from peripheral neuropathic pain. – neuragen helps for pain the others don’t touch.







products from origin 





neuragel™

transdermal gel for discomfort associated with shingles and other chronic nerve damage* order neuragel online neuragel is for topical application to the skin, consisting of a skin penetration enhancing proprietary oil blend and associated essential botanical oils together with a safe gelling agent. neuragel contains the same ingredients as neuragen®, but many people find the gel format easier to apply to the site of pain. […]


read more








green tea skin cream

professional strength antioxidant cream contains active catechins from green tea order green tea skin cream online a protective and rejuvenating all natural cream designed to enhance your skin’s immunity and rebuild damaged skin cells. useful in the treatment of sun burns, chronic photo-damage, aging and the effects of environmental pollutants. ingredients: jojoba oil, talc, bees wax, polyphenon 70s green tea catechin extract, ascorbyl palmitate (vitamin […]


read more








herpestat® cold sore lip shield

in addition to a proprietary oil blend, herpestat lip shield contains potent, active ingredients such as prunella vulgaris and polyphenon® green tea catechin extract. studies from a major us academic research center revealed that geranium oil is highly effective in the treatment of the herpes virus*. research led by dr. yukihiko hara, mitsui norin group, tokyo, and drs. spencer lee and song lee, dalhousie university […]


read more











neuragen is proven to be effective in relieving nerve pain caused by a variety of conditions. it is a non-prescription, topically applied homeopathic product that has been recommended by health care professionals for over ten years.
to learn more about neuragen and how it can help you or someone you love explore the q&a section of our website.
download our brochure, download articles about neuragen.
pain management is possible.
buy now


























understanding nerve pain
the impact of nerve pain
the journey to wellness
questions and answers
about neuragen
q&a
contact us
home
 



origin biomed inc. - origin manufactures health products 2025






















