








exploring the frontiers of human experience john mack institute










































 





menuhomejohn e. mack, m.d.biographybooks by mackbooks with mackremembrances and obituarylibraryalien encountersexperiencerspsychiatric artsworldviews and politicsinterviewsaudio/videoprojectsexperiencer disclosure initiative(exdi)experiencers of color collective (ecc)past projectspeer (program for extraordinary experience research)ecopsychology instituteshift report 2007spirituality & global affairsplanetearth.com websitexperiencers tv serieshistorycommunity groupssocial mediafacebookyoutubenewshomejohn e. mack, m.d.biographybooks by mackbooks with mackremembrances and obituarylibraryalien encountersexperiencerspsychiatric artsworldviews and politicsinterviewsaudio/videoprojectsexperiencer disclosure initiative(exdi)experiencers of color collective (ecc)past projectspeer (program for extraordinary experience research)ecopsychology instituteshift report 2007spirituality & global affairsplanetearth.com websitexperiencers tv serieshistorycommunity groupssocial mediafacebookyoutubenews

 








 


exploring the frontiers of human experience 

the john mack institute (jmi) is named in recognition of the pulitzer prize-winning author, and professor of psychiatry at the harvard medical school, dr. john e. mack (1929-2004). through his warmth, compassion, and courage, john had a profound impact upon the many lives he touched. he is remembered for his fierce commitment to those who most needed his advocacy. his legacy is defined by the deep intelligence he employed in his exploration of human experience and the ways in which our beliefs about reality influence the condition of all life on earth.
in his passing, john left behind a community of scholars, scientists, experiencers, and mental health professionals who are once again being drawn into the same, enigmatic field of study that so confounded the gatekeepers of human knowledge during the last two decades of the 20th century. today, it is with the greatest respect for john’s unique contribution to humankind’s understanding of the contact phenomenon, that jmi is currently developing projects with serious-minded researchers who are dedicated to building upon the foundation john created through his life’s work.
———————————
jmi is a non-profit home for independent projects dedicated to the evolution of human consciousness. project leaderships are autonomous and benefit from the support of our board of advisors and an ecosystem of like-minded cultural influencers. all programs adhere to rigorous protocols appropriate to their disciplines and have the freedom to pursue scientific, academic and sociocultural endeavors that align with jmi’s core values and mission.

click for latest news





















donate


we are a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. we depend upon your donations.aboutthe mission of the john mack institute is to explore the frontiers of human experience, to serve the transformation of individual consciousness, and to further the evolution of the paradigms by which we understand human identity.

jmi is named in recognition of john e. mack, m.d. (1929-2004), pulitzer prize-winning author and professor of psychiatry at the harvard medical school, to honor his courageous examination of human experience and the ways in which perceptions and beliefs about reality shape the global condition.
translations of website articles french
german
italian
portuguese
russian (русский)
spanish

press resources 
media inquiries
photos of dr john mack


 

 

audiobook

trade paperback (us)

kindle (us)


kindle (uk)


itunes ibook (us)


itunes ibook (uk)

french › enlevés
japanese › アブダクション
spanish › abducidos


dutch, finnish, german, italian, portuguese, and swedish editions are out of print.

 

 

a biography about john mack by ralph blumenthal.

 

audiobook

trade paperback (us)
trade paperback (uk)


 

 


audiobook


trade paperback (us)


trade paperback (uk)

hardcover (us)


hardcover (uk)

kindle (us)


kindle (uk)


kindle (au)


itunes ibook (us)


itunes ibook (uk)

chinese › 宇宙通行證
french › passeport pour le cosmos
italian › passaporto al cosmo
japanese › エイリアン・アブダクションの 深層


 

 





john mack instituteinfo@johnemackinstitute.org
c o p y r i g h t    n o t i c e :john e. mack authored materials© 2024 (or year of original publication) john e mack archives llcall other materials © 2024 john mack institute, a dba ofcenter for psychology and social change inc, founded by john e. mack, m.d. 






