

universal device programmer, eprom programmer, ic device programmer | advin systems inc 




















 
      universal programmer, 
 eprom programmer  
 home  
  
 



 






 

















 





















 





      universal eprom programmers &  
      universal ic chip device programmers  









      professional users of eprom programmers and 
      universal device programmers have been keep coming back 
      to advin, since 1986.  
  

      the reason is not just because we pioneered in making eprom programmers also universal device programmers, 
      but rather our consistency in providing durable programmers  along with 
      great value 
      and the 
      best tech support. 












 (smd adapters and ic chips not included) 





        superpro-6100n-wd 

        $1,495  

  
supports 100,000+ ic chips 
        pc-controlled or standalone
        usb interface
        

  



 universal ic chip device programmer. 
        with dip device adapter. features stand-alone capability and built-in 144 pin-drivers  
        
        supports surface-mount devices (smds) with sturdy, optional adapters. 
  
 
        
        more details of this universal programmer  
 
        
        smd to programmer adapters  
 
        
        ic chip devices supported by this universal programmer  
  


 


 















        superpro-7500n 
        $2,390 

  
supports 75,000+ ic chips 
        pc-controlled or standalone
        usb interface
        4-gang expandable
        

  



 
        advanced ic device programmer. 
        supports emmc and other complex ic devices. 
        with stand-alone capability and 144 pin-drivers  
        
        supports devices up to 48-pin dips on standard equipment.
        supports surface-mount devices (smds) with sturdy, optional adapters. 
  
 
        
        details of this universal programmer  

 


 
















        superpro-610p 
   $645   
        $595 


  
supports 34,000+ ic chips 
        pc-controlled
        usb interface
        

  



 eprom programmer, eeprom programmer. 
        with 48 pin-drivers. 
        
        supports ic chips up to 48-pin dips on standard equipment.
        supports surface-mount devices with optional adapters. 
  
 
        
        details of this eprom programmer  
 
        
        smd to programmer adapters  
 
        
        ic chip devices supported by this eprom programmer  
  


 


 









      gang programmers for production 
















        superpro-6100n-x2 

        $2,995  

  
produces 220 units/hour  (for most dip devices) 
supports 100,000+ ic chips  
        pc-controlled or standalone
        usb interface
        

  



 production gang programmer dual-pak    

        works stand-alone. (after your required ic chips are
        selected and downloaded from the pc to the compact flash card, 
        the programmer does not need the pc anymore.) 
  

        operates in the round-robin (concurrent) mode: 
        a device starts being programmed right
        after it has been inserted into the first programming site, while operator 
        loads a device into the next programming site. 
  
 
        
        details of this production gang programmer  
  
        
        smd to programmer adapters
  


 


 















        superpro-6104n-gp 

        $5,995  

  
produces 350 units/hour  (for most dip devices) 
supports 100,000+ ic chips 
        pc-controlled  
        usb interface
        

  



 universal production/gang programmer  

        operates in the round-robin (concurrent) mode: 
        a device starts being programmed right
        after it has been inserted into the first programming site, while operator 
        loads a device into the next. 
  
 
        
        details of this universal production gang programmer 
  
        
        smd to programmer adapters
 
        
        ic chip devices supported by this gang programmer 
  



  
            
            how can it beat an 8-site conventional gang programmer ? 


  


 


 









      legacy universal, eprom programmers 






      legal programmers which are no longer being made can be found
      via the following link.  since they were made with durability in mind,
      the hardware usually out lasts the software life cycle and many customers
      may be still using them. 
  
      if you need smd adapters, most of them are still available.  
      other information, such as software drivers (e.g. if you lost the original cd), and supported devices lists, are also available here. 
  
 
      

      legacy programmers 



 






      sales email:    sales@advin.com         
      support email:   support@advin.com 






      1-408-243-7000 
      office hours: 8am to 5pm, california time. 



 





 
        

        back to home  





           contact us  
             adapters & accessories 
         ic programming services 
  ic chip device lists 
  software download 
                   return policy 






        programmers by function:

 prom programmer 
      gang programmer 
                     eprom programmer 
 universal programmer 
     		      lattice programmer 
     legacy programmers 

 

  



