




faithcentral – secondary religious education resource






















































































homekainga 
chapelwharekarakia

prayer resources 
on line prayer resources

liturgy and prayer 
daily prayer 
visuals and music 


readings of the day 
daily prayer calendars 
liturgical seasons

lent 
easter

holy week 
the ascension 


advent 
all souls 




glossarypapa kupu

maori glossary 


aboutmō te kaupapa

contact 
links 
faithcentral icon 
site policy 


resources for allraueme mā tātau

thematic resources 
year 9 
year 10 
year 11 
year 12 
year 13 


the srebdte srebd 
staffroomkainga kaiako 






























































































 available now!new resources for sexuality education and induction material for students new to catholic schools are available in the staffroom whakataukināku te rourou, nāu te rourou ka ora ai te iwiwith your basket and my basket the people will live new ebooks!byod-friendly student ebooks now available in classroom & staffroom. all of year 9 and all but one of year 10 are ready to go!


get started

welcome to the home of secondary catholic religious education. 



 nau mai, haere maiwelcome to faithcentral, a religious education resource website for students and teachers of catholic secondary schools and colleges in aotearoa - new zealand
within this site you will find supplementary material supporting the understanding faith curriculum that is taught in all of our catholic yr 9-13 schools. all texts are available to staff as pdf files in the staffroom. new byod-friendly pdfs will soon be available for students in the classroom.



why religious education?


religious education in schools is distinct from, but complementary to, catechesis. it has an important role in the overall formation offered by the school.  the religious education curricula statements for both primary and secondary catholic schools in aotearoa new zealand point out that the school community has a twofold role.  firstly, it is charged with creating an environment that “proclaims what it teaches by providing pastoral care and fostering mutually respectful relationships, and by providing opportunities for prayer, sacramental celebrations and rituals.”  secondly, the school teaches the religious education programme “in a way that promotes students’ learning.”
religious education takes the form of a school subject, presenting the christian message and the christian event with the same seriousness and depth with which other learning areas present their knowledge. religious education needs to permeate the integral formation of students with the gospel as they absorb the knowledge and values presented by all the subject areas of the curriculum.  this is its proper evangelising character within the ministry of the word.
in the context of the catholic school, religious education is part of, and is completed by, other forms of the ministry of the word, for example, catechesis, homilies, and liturgical celebrations. schools need to work closely with families and parishes in the christian formation of the students.
sharing the gospel today: the catechetical directory for aotearoa nz, ncrs (2012)



 
  latest news

october 3, 2022


this site no-longer supported
 



	faith central is ‘parked’ as we move to a new site. with the arrival of tō tātou whakpono our faith ncrs is no-longer supporting this valiant champion of a site for sec ..


january 28, 2022



 



	to tātou whakapono our faith the new re curriculum for aotearoa catholic schools, was approved by the nz bishops at the end of 2021. it is available in the ncrs area of te kupenga’ ..


december 15, 2020


sexuality resource-grids package
 



	the national centre for religious studies, developing an initiative from the palmerston north diocese, has produced a sexuality resource grid package (srp) to help our schools navi ..


december 9, 2020


fratelli tutti web-site
 



	this site was launched early december 2020, and is a useful support for staff and students to delve into this wonderful document. ..


...more news 

faithcentral is mandated by the nz catholic bishops’ conference for use by years 9-13 pupils in all catholic schools in aotearoa new zealand. faithcentral is administered by the national centre for religious studies, a part of te kupenga – catholic leadership institute.
all enquiries to ncrs@ncrs.org.nz

 











copyright © 2024 faithcentral | website by finity design






































