safety boss – prevent | detect | respond  safety boss  home about usservices well controlfire / showerwildland fire servicessafetyturnaround safety servicesmedicaloccupational healthtraining online traininginternational careers contact us   the industry leader in safety serviceswe provide comprehensive safety prevention, detection and response services for the oil and gas, manufacturing and construction industries.contact us today  welcome to safety bosssince 1956 safety boss has provided comprehensive safety prevention, detection and response services for the oil and gas, manufacturing and construction industries. our customers value our professionalism, work ethic and our competitive prices.field proven equipmentexperienced personnelsixty-five years of success and counting  one call - one company - one solution contact us today!  what we offerwe offer a comprehensive range of services for upstream, downstream, and midstream industries. well controlcustomized equipment and highly trained personnel have allowed us over 800 successful emergency responses worldwide. fire / showerfrom our fleet of custom fire equipment, to our highly trained fire fighting crews, we lead the industry in the dynamic prevention, detection and response of ignition control. wildland fire services our wildland firefighting response service division is ready to help you during a wildfire emergency for both the private and public sectors. safetyfrom upstream to downstream, new construction to scheduled maintenance and prevention to response services, we are the international full service industry leader in safety. turnaround safety serviceswe specialize in safety services for your turnaround, shutdown, and maintenance project. medicalwe offer multiple levels of standby and emergency response medical services across western canada. occupational healthour occupational health division is our “prevent” and “detect” strategy for first line safety management. trainingcustomized training allows you to build a course plan that meets your needs, on your timeline and at the lowest possible cost. online trainingwe offer online training. internationalour international safety focus is the protection of the environment and the people who work in it.   sixty five years of success and counting.866successful emergency responses302successful facility / pipeline projects   what our customers are saying“safetyboss was professional from start to finish in providing support during our turnaround. they were able to appropriately size their team and worked hard in planning to ensure we got what we needed.”trent clark“your folks were awesome, no complaints, very friendly and professional, your folks helped us facilitate climbing to height in all of this ice fog. thanks”heartland generationsgleason gallinger“this is a letter of recognition for safety boss. this vendor has been a great asset to the turnaround team. the leadership of safety boss has been very instrumental in the success of working towards goal zero. the equipment has been serviced and ready at a moment’s notice.”pembinaalex r. cummingsto whom it may concern, orica carseland contracted safety boss for safety services during the september 2021 turnaround. safety boss successfully provided high angle rescue, emt/paramedic, and safety watch services. view the full reference hereorica canada inc.… “safety boss has shown great leadership and professionalism with­in their management team. the field-level employees have demonstrated great skill and training within their job scopes from safety watch, spark watch, confined space entry to norm and benzene testing.” …keyera ricinusmarty cuffei have had safety boss on numerous sites in the past six years and they have consistently supplied top-notch safety services. the relationship we have built with safety boss over the years has been built on trust, respect, professionalism, reliability and integrity.strike group“orica carseland works contracted safety boss to provide security, safety watch, high angle rescue, emt and paramedic requirements for carseland’s turnaround held in june 2017. safety boss’ employees were both professional and well trained. i would highly recommend them for future work.”orica canada inc.…”we have been using safety boss for the last 4 years for all of our high angle rescue jobs. this year we have started using them for all of our safety watch needs where we cannot utilize our own people. they do an excellent job, are always punctual, and offer competitive rates.”…clearstream energy servicessandra shewkenek“i just wanted to take the time to thank you for allowing me to take part in this leadership training.   i really learnt a lot about myself, for the work place but also in my own personal life. there is a lot of skills in this training i will use for further projects and around the shop.”internal leadership training“safety boss is enthusiastic and extremely helpful. safety boss’ involvement with trades at the siemens sunnybrook / crossings sites has been noticed and well received. this is an excellent example of their commitment and dedication to the project.  …  safety boss has proved to be both willing and competent in their roles.”seimensa osborne“the degree of professionalism and the content of your course led to a great many positive comments from our personnel. more than a few said that it was the best fire training course that they had attended.”shelld b behan“i definitely recommend safety boss, they are leaders on our site and they have proven to be a service provider that requires little management effort.”pembinad collin“safety is a key focus of any project or routine daily tasks, i have had the opportunity to work closely with safety boss over the last two years on large facility maintenance turnaround projects as well as smaller routine jobs and they have exceeded expectations every time.”veresendavid larson“following the 1991 gulf war, an alberta company was at the forefront of oilfield firefighting in kuwait. that company is safety boss.”alberta energymurray smith, mla“once again, congratulations and thanks to you and your colleagues for a job well done.”canadian pacific railwayvern graham“i and my management team send our congratulations to everyone involved in managing and stabilising the actinia well control incident.”bp exploration“on behalf of the alberta government, i extend our congratulations on your immense success in extinguishing the oil well fires in kuwait following the liberalization.”alberta minister of energyrick orman“they were very professional in their approach to their job.”arco alaskad.j. ruckel“as chairman of the gulf pollution task force, i would like to thank you for your contributions in bringing about an early end to this monumental environmental task.”us senator“safety boss has played an outstanding role in the capping of kuwait’s burning oil wells.”prime ministerbrian mulroney“the board wishes to cite your distinguished and lasting contributions to post war recovery in the middle east in the 1991 honor roll to be featured in the magazine.”maclean’s magazine“thank you for you prompt response and professional handling of this emergency.”excel energy inc.f.k.r. gillespie“the skill and enthusiasm demonstrated by the safety boss team was well received by all parties on the lease, and was paramount to a rapid and successful capping of the subject well.”lac minerals ltd.david b. mitchell“…i wish to take this oppotunity to thank you on behalf of canterra energy ltd., for all your efforts in bringing the subject well under control….”canterra energy ltd.“on behalf of myself, and the board of directors, the contribution of safety boss was appreciated.”pembinaalex r. cummings“the equipment supplied by safety boss ltd. was well maintained and readily available. our complements on a job well done.”mesa petroleum“your people acted with expedience and diligence and at times, down right bravery in helping us control the well.”mobil oil canada, ltd.j.e. routledge  24 hour emergency response  1-800-882-4967 since 1956 safety boss has provided comprehensive safety prevention, detection and response services for the oil and gas, manufacturing and construction industries.exploreabout ushomecareersservicescontact usquick linksrequest a quoteindigenous relations policyprivacy policyterms of servicecontact us #14, 4420 75 ave se calgary, ab t2c 2h8, canada mail: info@safetyboss.com call: +1-800-882-4967  social connect                      