



overlooked new york




 
















subway musicians




river swimmers




street performers




radio control jet pilots




house boaters




amateur astronomers




urban gardeners



 








 this jquery slider was created with the free easyrotator software from dwuser.com. 

                      use wordpress? the free easyrotator for wordpress plugin lets you create beautiful wordpress sliders in seconds. 

ok

                      rotator powered by easyrotator, a free and easy jquery slider builder from dwuser.com.  please enable javascript to view.
                      














matthew, age 46, showed me around the ramble in central park, where he introduced me to the tufted titmouse and i spotted the first red tail hawk i've ever seen in person. be sure to check out his wonderful website that details his naturalist observations, backyard and beyond. 
“my mother became a bird watcher when she and my father moved to nantucket. this was in '79. so i finished high school there, and went off to college, and i would hear reports about how she was taking a class with some local naturalists and learning a lot about the island..."
see and read more in birdwatchers...
    







ashira, age 27, sees some similarities between the lubavitch hasidic community she was raised in and the bike messenger community she's adopted. 
“i grew up in california until i was like 14, and then i lived in massachusetts. i went to a boarding school there for wayward hasidic girls—i'm not observant now, but i'm hasidic in my heart..."
see and read more in bike messengers...





 
 
 









pr bike men
                      one man parades








pigeon guys
                        up on the roof








rc jet pilots
                        top guns
                        by remote control








animal lovers
                      an abiding passion for their furred and feathered friends








astronomers
                      keeping an eye on the sky in nyc














rooftop pigeon coop guys 


puerto rican bike men


bike messengers


subway musicians


park anglers


urban gardeners


bird watchers


model sailboat salts


dance roller skaters


circle drummers


amateur astronomers


river swimmers


curry contestants


scuba divers


kite flyers


house boaters


carnival costume designers


cricket players


park artists


radio control jet pilots


city knights


street performers


fashionphiles


mushroom hunters


animal lovers

contact 


 








