










home | elite placement group | accounting and finance recruiter

































































skip to content































homewho we areemployersjobsexpertise accounting finance hr administrativeservicesreferral programcontact us




 




×
homewho we areemployersjobsexpertise accounting finance hr administrativeservicesreferral programcontact us










 















your partner in professional executive search.






where talent meets opportunity.






elite placement group specializes in creating lasting matches between accounting, finance, administrative, and human resources professionals and leading companies. with a deep understanding of both the candidate and the client, we excel in connecting the right individual to the right opportunity, ensuring a perfect fit every time. 







about us




















expertise in finance, accounting, hr, and administration 






leveraging 20 years of experience, elite placement group has become a trusted name in executive search across various industries. our consultative approach and comprehensive vetting process set us apart, ensuring we not only meet but exceed the expectations of both our candidates and clients. our commitment to honesty and transparency underpins our proven track record in finding and placing elite talent. 







employers





































specialized recruitment for your specific needs


















finance 
finance experts at your service 


discover top finance talent ready to drive your business forward. our deep understanding of the finance sector ensures we find the perfect match for your needs. 




 


















accounting 
accounting talent, tailored for you


rely on our expertise to connect you with skilled accounting professionals who can make an immediate impact on your organization. 




 




















human resources 
hr professionals who understand people 


elevate your hr department with candidates who bring both expertise and a human touch to your team. 




 


















administrative 
find administrative excellence here 


find administrative professionals who bring efficiency and organization to the forefront of your business operations. 




 


















search jobs 
career opportunities 


are you a professional in finance, accounting, hr, or administration? explore jobs with today and tomorrow’s most innovative companies. 




 





































what people are saying



brandon bubba and epg did a wonderful job throughout the entire hiring process. i’m glad i decided to work with your firm. while changing jobs can sometimes be a stressful endeavor you guys made the process painless, efficient and transparent. i would recommend you and your group to future candidates.

client




while looking for a new job, i contacted elite on the recommendation of another colleague. after only a brief meeting with cindy, i realized that elite was the only recruiter that i needed to meet with. you can easily notice a difference between elite and other companies. not only did cindy line up job interviews with three different companies within the first week of meeting her, she gave me personal coaching before each interview to help me make the best impression possible. after receiving multiple offers, she helped me choose the best company and position suited for my needs. i would not be in the position that i am in today had it not been for cynthia demato and elite placement group.

candidate




cynthia is a very personable provider. she went beyond the means in placing me several years ago. since then she has been in contact with me to be sure all is well. nothing but good things about her work ethic and drive.

candidate




i was very impressed with jacob’s professionalism with his help in locating a new finance position for me. he spent the time really getting to know my experience, my passions and what type of position i was looking for. the interviews i was sent on were all positions that i was interested in. he didn’t waste my time and his clients’ time by just sending me into any interview that i was qualified for. the position i accepted was a great fit with no surprises. jacob routinely keeps in touch to see how i’m doing, how’s life, how’s work…he’s really interested in you as a person not just a commission. i would recommend working with jacob to anyone i know.

candidate




we hired jason to fill a project manager position at our financial firm. within hours he had high quality applicants ready to have an interview. i will continue to use him and recommend to everyone i know!

client




jacob and his team of professionals at elite placement group are truly a pleasure to work with in staffing. the team took care to understand the business operations, the company culture and the true needs of the role to ensure they were providing highly qualified candidates. not only did i utilize their services while at affinion group for accounting, finance and marketing positions but was also able to use their services while searching for specialized talent at sikorsky. great value — great results!

client




jacob is personable and easy to work with, a good listener and then delivers candidates that fit the profile. he makes the process efficient!

client




epg placed me on a temp assignment. it was exactly what i wanted and after 8 months the company hired me on permanently. my recruiter was with me the whole way and answered all my questions. they were easy to deal with and really worked in my best interest unlike other temp staffing firms i have dealt with in the past. i do not have any cons on my experience with epg. i was really happy with my experience.

candidate




recruiters are well-versed in industry trends, backgrounds on jobs, and companies they are connected with. recruiters make each candidate feel valued. all employees in the company are working to make sure the candidate's best interests are always maintained. recruiters are persistently networking, helping to create and maintain relationships. positive and motivating work-environment. great company that has many internal and external opportunities. 

candidate




i appreciated all the times cindy demato “held my hand" through the interview process. her picture would be under superwoman in the dictionary because she not only does it all, but she does it all seamlessly and beautifully.  this was evident to me as a candidate recently placed.

candidate


 











 
















ready to elevate your career or business? 






connect with elite placement group today 






at elite placement group, we’re more than just recruiters; we’re your partners in executive search. whether you’re seeking the next step in your career or looking to enhance your team with top professionals, we’re here to guide you every step of the way.  








get in touch




































info@epgstaffing.com
(203) 842-0700









services







employerscareersaccountingfinancehradministrative








about us







who we areour teamreferral programcontact








our address






187 danbury road, suite 1c
courtside building
wilton, ct 06897










































 2025 elite placement group | designed by: recruiters websites









 















