








the pat benatar and neil giraldo fan club































































 





















  menu  



home
appearances
the fan club blog
news
members only
discography/lyrics
photos/reviews
band biographies
faq
about

copyright notice
credits


 




 
 





get in touch


















 





 








 



                2025 tour dates              


          2025 spring tour dates are here! tour page located over here!  be sure to check our facebook group. current vip info available where you purchase tickets.     for historical tour ...          








                      scissorhandz                    


from pat & spyder: we’re thrilled to be joining the production of scissorhandz with our new original song beautiful weirdos! the show is written and directed by our dear friend and oft time collaborator, bradley bredeweg. congratulations to all! the london premiere runs jan.23-march 29th don’t miss it! – pbng written and directed by bradley...






                      pat benatar and neil giraldo pen kids book                    


pat benatar and neil giraldo pen kids book inspired by being grandparents: ‘our dream on steroids!’ (exclusive) “we hope grandparents and grandchildren everywhere will see themselves in the pages of this book,” the couple tell people of the book, out in 2025. see more details here!






                      vinyl reissues of classic titles                    


“we know how much you’ve wanted reissues of the early records on vinyl. finally, here they are! happy listening, enjoy!” – pat benatar & neil giraldo vinyl reissues link






                      join the fanclub!                    


we have a facebook group that is very active. request to join here! if you don’t have facebook we do have a google group list that announces tour dates and other top information. if that’s more your speed, you can request here:






                      austin city limits air date                    


pat and neil’s appearance on austin city limits on pbs has an air date: january 27, 2024! air dates may vary by station. it should also be available to stream the next day. more info and streaming link here.






                      acl tv taping                    


austin city limits is thrilled to welcome recent rock hall inductees pat benatar and neil giraldo to the acl stage on september 24. want to be part of the audience for the duo’s acl debut? follow austin city limits on social media and look for the taping pass giveaway about a week before the taping....






                      art4benatarfans                    


art for benatar fans about art4benatarfans art4benatarfans came about after a long time of doing various projects for the fan club from website art, christmas card art, to a memory book for pat & spyder, to an etched jar for pat & spyder, after all of that i realized that it’s time i offered some...






                      fan club t-shirts are here!                    


fan club t’s are available now!    but that’s not all, we also have fan club wristbands & tattoos! no need to get nervous !! click here to head to the ordering page. please read that entire page for all necessary details.  and if you’re not a fan club member yet, just join our facebook group to become one  ...






                      you can be a vip                    


vip historical photos starting in 2017, vip’s were re-vamped a bit from prior years. just so you know, the current tour has a slightly different vip experience than you will find in the slideshow. specific information for the package and venue are found here and here. and then there’s this cheat sheet we made found...






                      article links                    


we have a bunch of article links located in the members area. please join our facebook group to view. when you join, you’re in the fanclub! if you don’t have facebook we do have a google group list that announces tour dates and other top information. if that’s more your speed, you can request here:...













error: content is protected !!
















