



rpg palace



















jump to navigation












recent downtime


          submitted by meustrus on 9 february 2014 - 10:01am        
bulletins



some of you may have noticed our recent downtime. the rpg palace account was blocked by our hosting company due to cpu overuse. it turns out 98% of the traffic that generated that cpu spike came from one ip: 68.12.42.100. this resolves to a cox address in oklahoma. this ip address has been blocked. i apologize if that was any of you, but as far as i know we didn't have any oklahomans here. of course, if it was somebody here, we'd never know unless we went around and asked every individual person, "is rpg palace back up for you?" 
3 comments


new styles, resources system


          submitted by meustrus on 10 january 2011 - 7:37pm        
bulletins



some of you may have noticed already, and you're probably noticing now: several parts of the website have had a major style upgrade. this includes the front page news feed, the blogs page, and the resource gallery.resource gallery? what you say?i have put together a drupal-based resource gallery, and it's mighty fine if i do say so myself. say what you will about drupal not being designed with forums in mind; this kind of "i want this specific data type to be arranged in this way kkthxbai" thing is exactly what drupal is good at. 
3 comments
read more


migration complete!


          submitted by meustrus on 23 october 2010 - 8:28pm        
bulletins



the migration to drupal is finished! two projects which have been hosted in private forums are now in groups: netplay+ and the former rpg palace community game.any member with the rank of socialite may create new group. groups have useful features that work like a private forum that the group creator controls permissions for.other new features include user blogs (any member except traveling merchant may keep one) and the now-ubiquitous shoutbox. 
6 comments
read more


rpg palace is moving


          submitted by meustrus on 21 october 2010 - 8:55am        
bulletins



 consider this the official announcement: rpg palace is converting software in a few days from ipb 2.1 to drupal 6.19. this is more than just the forums; the entire site will be moved into drupal, including existing news, tutorials, articles, and downloadable content.
private messages will be lost. if you have any important information in your private messages, save it now.
some users will need to re-upload avatars, though most avatars will transfer properly. 

17 comments
read more


volunteers needed to test migration


          submitted by meustrus on 27 august 2010 - 8:27am        
bulletins



 i think i've got the system set up properly and i want volunteers to test the new site before i do the full migration. what will be entailed:
there is only one forum category, and you'll be having random conversations in it so as to test out your own permissions and site features. at any time you can make suggestions on how i can make it better.
one thing you cannot do is advertise the location of the test website. since its location will only be privately disclosed, it will not be accessible by search engine or by spambots. 

9 comments
read more


topic display modes


          submitted by meustrus on 11 july 2010 - 12:00pm        
bulletins




standard




  40% (2 votes)

linear+




  60% (3 votes)


    total votes: 5  


7 comments


new category names


          submitted by meustrus on 30 june 2010 - 1:33pm        
bulletins



 i've changed the category names, and in some cases their organization. they now fit a sort of metaphor of rpg town as a walled city around a palace. the naming has also changed the purpose of a couple of categories, such as the spam bin, now the city gates, and concepts and plots, now game maker's guild. 

3 comments


new super moderator


          submitted by meustrus on 19 january 2010 - 5:08pm        
bulletins



 with the other administrators still in stasis-mode activity, i have decided to promote chickensoupcheese to super moderator to help with keeping the forums organized. there has been a surge of new members, and while the discussions are all very interesting, they move too quickly for me to follow them all and split topics when the original topic has been abandoned (or when a topic sprang up when there was none in that thread). 

15 comments


the sparse update


          submitted by meustrus on 3 december 2009 - 3:08pm        
bulletins



 it's been a long while since any updates, so let me clarify: rrr is not dead, but it has been so long since i removed the dead link that they don't have us anymore either.
what is the state of the rpg making community? is it up? is it down? the main user base gets older and older, with some of us in our late twenties, and yet rpg maker continues to attract the kind of youth that we were in its heyday. so where were you, nine years ago, with rpg maker 2000? even that was before my time. 

9 comments
read more


downtime


          submitted by plissken on 22 october 2008 - 11:41am        
bulletins



 i would like to apologise for the significant period that rpg-palace has been unavailable. anyone visiting the site over the past couple of months will be aware there have been issues with payment for the site. this is largely due to complications caused by internation transfer of funds; this is partially my fault and it should have been resolved much sooner. i will now be looking for an alternative web host with more suitable payment options to avoid this happening again. 

44 comments

1
2
3
4
5
6
next ›
last »
 


who's online

    there is currently 1 user and 1 guest online.online usersfatcatspotty
 


who's new

cliffburton57
stephanieono049
stephainezakrzewski9
alexandraj307489
joellen969850471
 





user menu

log in
 



advertisement






 

















categoriesthe palacebulletins
support and petitions

the towntown forum
creation gallery
rpg town shrinerpg town awardsrpg town awards 2004
rpg town awards 2005

rpg chronicleschronicle 1: incidence
chronicle 2: personnel



the game maker's guildgame making discussion
resource discussion
projects
game making support
requests and recruitment


groups
resourcesvisual resourcesanimations (rmxp)
battler portraits
character sets (rm2k(3))
character sets (rmxp)
chipsets (rm2k(3))
other
tilesets (rmxp)

audio resourcesbackground music
background sound
music effect
sound effect


blogs
irc chat
user list
search






