













arabic maqam world































                    english                

englishالعربيةfrançaisdeutschitalianoελληνικάespañolportuguês 















instruments


forms


jins


maqam


rhythms


publications

















welcome to the new maqamworld
maqamworld is an online resource dedicated to teaching the arabic maqam modal system, which is the foundation of traditional arabic music. this website mainly covers music from the eastern mediterranean part of the arab world (egypt, palestine, jordan, lebanon and syria), with a focus on the early to mid-twentieth century period.


                    after 17 years in operation, maqamworld has been rebuilt with the help of a 2016 grant
                    from the arab fund for arts and culture (afac).
                    maqamworld includes the following new features:
                    

a full translation to 
                            arabic, 
                            french, 
                            italian,
                            german,
                            greek,
                            spanish and
                            portuguese.
                        
support of displays of all sizes (especially smart phones).
google search.
updated and more relevant content.
higher quality images and audio samples.
better navigation menus and sub-menus.
clickable notes that generate sound.
a "contact us" page for viewer feedback.


                    if you like this website please check out the companion book inside arabic music, 
                    co-authored with my friend sami abu shumays (creator of maqamlessons).
                    the book is a comprehensive reference on arabic music and was released 
                    by oxford university press in august 2019.
                    





maqam
learn about the arabic maqam modal system with notated scales and recorded examples.
maqam







jins
learn about the jins, the scale fragment that is the building block of every maqam.
jins







rhythm
learn about the arabic rhythmic cycle called iqa‘, made of the primitive sounds dum and tak.
iqa‘







forms
learn about the arabic music forms, called qawalib, used in both vocal and instrumental music, composed and improvised.
forms







instruments
learn about the traditional arabic instruments, melodic and percussion, as well as western instruments that have been "arabized".
instruments







publications
learn about the book inside arabic music (co-authored with sami abu shumays) that was published in august 2019.
publications




















 




 
© 2001-2018 maqamworld
                all rights reserved.
                concept, content and design: johnny farraj
web development and coding: filip todorov




contact us


 send us a message







 










