

big meat hammer home page









   














        

       
                
               
   
              

  
click here for all bmh audio and video
             

            


   
	click here for the kratz 
	family holocaust memorial site of carpathian/transylvanian jewry 
    click
      here for the site map
   

click here  to enter the bmh site  
   
	click here to enter gore 
	productions site
    click here for   the 
	lynn rebels site
     check out the large 
	vintage science fiction pulps and rare paperback galleries.
click here for alternative: 
	scottish punk rock band.
click here for boston rock 1977 - 
	1979 in memory of dave "hard korp" koehler
i am hosting the official fan page for this awesome 
	act.tons of free cd quality audio and 24bit/192k vinyl rips done with 
	audiophile studio gear.
my archives page now has master quality flac of bmh 
	albums and lynn rebels lp.also transplants and gorehounds flacs.
new shows:
nov.7th at genos.and it is going to be an awesome 
	show at that.hope people are going to come out.
unnatural axe, big meat hammer, cryptid slaughter, 
	pink sock, and black hatch
fight back against fcc
join my facebook group "boycott big content" 
	or join on facebook "boycott big content organization" please.i 
	would appreciate this.i am jordan kratz original punk rocker from 1976.fight 
	the establishment now !
keep yourself aware and learn of what your government 
	is up to.orwell would be rolling in his grave.his book "1984" was a warning 
	to what should never happen.that kind of scenario is getting closer and 
	closer in our lives.you must speak up now !
         
	
protest any censorship of  the internet. call your reps and washington now 
	!!!do nothing and you will see real censorship and control of the internet.also 
	send all your reps and the white house multiple emails.post censorship 
	news on your facebook and your websites.if they stop these bills they will 
	only bring that up later this year or after the election.all of us hate the 
	corrupt government and we hate the "big content" people and their stooge 
	politicians.this is the position of the lynn rebels and big meat hammer.and 
	now there is a good possibility washington will try to sneak 
	internet censorship into a cyber-security bill as i & others thought 
	would happen.plus we now have to deal with a corrupted fcc who wants to 
	create a toll booth highway for the internet.there will be fast lanes and 
	slow lanes, etc.things are not at all cool in the internet thanks to 
	greedbags.
boycott all big content in protest: do not go to a 
	theater,buy new physical or digital content, or allow big content a way to 
	your wallet.support and buy indie stuff only.join the boycott now.
    
 
	 
	 
	 bob the bass player of the lynn rebels has just passed away.he had esophagus cancer and was fighting it hard.going thru the chemo 
	which wipes out your immune system.he got an infection and died a few days 
	ago.we are working with jon fisher who will take over for bob.bob is going 
	to be missed.he was a great guy, a great bandmate, and a great friend.check 
	out the bandpages here and download our music for free on the archives page.
 
booking agents,band business, and those putting on shows
can now contact us at booking@bigmeathammer.com
gore productions now does live multi-track recording 
	for local portland artists.contact me at
	sales@goreproductions.com
make sure to check out the archives page.lots of free 
	320k mp3s from a multitude of bands over the years.click the link above for 
	all free bmh audio and video
just a reminder to make sure to vote here in maine to support same sex 
	marriage.be fair and show some respect as gays/lesbians are human beings and 
	deserve to be treated the same as any other citizen of the usa.our 
	constitution says we are all to be treated equally.you can vote early.i 
	already did.we have to stop the asshole bigots in this state.
thank you from jordan
the lynn rebels lp, "gonna get wasted" is now 
	available for sale.lp is $10 plus postage.write
	
	thelynnrebels@bigmeathammer.com or if you are in portland we sell them 
	at videoport 151 middle street.
protest the riaa !!! stop buying any music from 
	large record labels or any who have signed with the riaa.do not support 
	anyone who has anything to do with these shysters.bmh does not and will never 
	need your mafia organization.us artists are better off without these kind of 
	crooks.everyone out there should stop feeding the pig and support your local 
	and/or independent artist.help the cause and stand up for your rights.
beware of the isp's who are trying to bring their 
	ripoff "consumption" style billing on us consumers.and they will milk us 
	real good if this happens.write to congress and demand that isp's charge us 
	a flat rate by the month for our internet access."consumption" style billing 
	articles are all over the internet.google it and read about the greed !!!
 
sign 
	and read our guestbook here.
check out the fudafest 
	galleries.new one is up for the 2007 party.there are 8 years of galleries.
lots of newer 2007 - 2008 images 
	are up now.check out the new photo galleries.
all new videos are up on the archives page.the videos 
	are all windows media 9.specs are: 720x480 video,192k stereo cbr audio.video 
	is cbr 2000kbps.great quality full screen full 29.97 frames/second video.
all audio on the 
	site has  been done over in high quality 320k mp3 and there is also new 
	audio clips up.check out the 
	archives section for download links.
 
here 
	is a link so you can check out the same band.the same band were one of 
	maine's earliest punk bands.clcik anywhere in this paragragh and you will go 
	to their website.see pictures, video, and hear this amazing 1970's original 
	punk rockers.
a photo gallery is now up 
	from the last night at the old genos at 13 brown street.click 
	here for the "last night at genos photobook".
check out some new 2005 photos 
	of bmh.
for your 
	listening enjoyment here is a mp3 of gg allin performing at genos 
	oct.21,1986.it is 9 minutes long and this was one of gg's shows where he 
	used a tapedeck of his music with vocals removed as his band.enjoy this gg 
	allin piece of history from our very own genos.click anywhere in this 
	paragraph for the mp3.
 
this year marked the 60th anniversary of the liberation 
	of auschwitz-birkenau.many of my relatives perished there by those bastard nazi 
	pricks.before ww2 there were around 72 people in the kratz family and there 
	was around 200 jews in the small village of luh.the village was in southern 
	carpathia and is now called "lug" and is in the ukraine.across the tisza 
	river and near luh is the larger city of szighet in romania.after ww2 around 10 
	members of the family came 
	home.90% of the jews of transylvania and carpathia had perished and mostly 
	in the gas chambers of auschwitz-birkenau.if you are interested in what 
	happened to my family and all the other families who were from this region i 
	have a 5 1/2 hour professional documentary i made which is on sale for 
	$15.00.the documentary took me over 3 years to make and will tell you of 
	life there before,during,and after ww2.click anywhere in this paragraph for 
	more information on my family and on auschwitz.there is a large photo 
	gallery as 
	well as information on hungarian jewry during world war 2,my documentary is 
	called "a family journeys backwards".here is a picture of one of the box 
	arts.
   
	all of this content is being mirrored at my business website for gore 
	productions.the gore productions website is a family friendly g rated 
	website.if you are offended by the content of my band's site click anywhere 
	here to go to my family friendly site.enter gore productions here if you 
	wish

 
new songs have been put up on the website.check out the 
	archive page with lots of free music.lots of new 
	videos.gorehounds videos are up and more gorehounds and transplants songs 
	too.
if you have seen jordan's bright colored hair over the 
	years and you want some too then you ought to check out the hairdresser of jordan.her name is holly and she does a great job.the hair colors used are 
	permanent and they do stay in real well.no more colors on your scalp and 
	colors on your towels,clothes,and pillows as these colors stay in for months 
	and don't bleed out.you can reach holly at primp in falmouth, maine.her 
	number is 207-781-4500.tell her 
	jordan sent you and she may give you a cheaper deal.anyways the amount of 
	cheap semi-permanent stuff you would have to buy and the time you spend to 
	put it in just ain't worth it compared to the real permanent colors.
check out the best of the 
	phoenix awards.we are now maine's best "geriatric" band.pretty funny stuff 
	and you can read it all here.
click here to learn more of the 
	transplants...jordan's first punk band in the 1970's.2nd lp coming out on 
	dionysus records in late april 2004.a 25 year reunion show just happened and 
	it was recorded with video,audio,and still camera.see a few archival videos 
	here as well.there is a bio,images,and a few songs too.
check out the photogallery from geno's in 
	portland,me.geno's has always supported the local punk rock scene.this 
	gallery is from one night out at geno's.click to enter the photogallery from 
	9/03
 click 
	here for photos of collings foundation 10/10/09 living history ww2 
	re-enactment.see soldiers who will be helping & starring in my film, "von 
	stempler's doom".if this interests you contact me jordan the webmaster.
cedar audio based restoration work is now available.i 
	now have a full decked out cedar system tied in digital to a protools 
	system.click here for more information on my cedar services.i will fix any 
	audio you got.there is now a lot of new information on cedar and on the work 
	i can do for you.
              the 
transplants are up on the boston dirtywater rock museum site.tons of info on the 
older boston scene can be found at this online archival music site.
check out our fudafest photo galleries from 
2001, 2002,2003,and 2004.2005,and 2006.there are over a 350 full size photographs here taken by matt 
anson (2001), by roger leisner (2002), and jordan kratz (2003 and 2004.you can also see some of the police 
raid on fudafest 2002.there are also full sets of bmh playing live.
brand new king of skum video.real funny video you can see and it is available 
low bandwith or high full screen video just click here for bmh videos.
download our whole cd as mp3 here.all songs are there in 
cd quality for free download.....no strings attached as they say.
all of sadie the welsh corgi's webpages are here.see 
pictures,movies,and hear sounds of sadie.see her in the wheelchair and learn of 
her illness.if you love welsh corgis then you want to check her out.soon ernie 
my new welsh corgi also has some pages up.
hear skummy man's bmh 
cd promo.it is in streaming mp3 format.
check out gore productions for your 
audio and video needs.special cheap rates for all musicians and artists.click 
here for info on my company.
you can also go 
	directly to my company site at gore productions which has it's own 
	website.just click here to end up at the main business site for forensic 
	audio,audio restoration,video editing,and much more.
new video clips of us live (real a/v,quicktime) here
our cd is out now.read about it and get ordering
info here.
 
science fiction fans: check out the star 
trek voyager episode schedule for 2002 with episode guides,photos ,and more.
star trek enterprise has been cancelled.this is very sad to see no new 
	star treks for who knows how long.i grew up with this show and started 
	watching it when first aired in the 1960's.it was a drag when the original 
	show was cancelled and it is a drag to see the new ent cancelled.season 4 
	was really good so far yet upn has pulled the plug.don't support upn and 
	their mindless reality shows and dumb sitcoms.write them a letter telling 
	them how you feel about their decision to pull the plug.
                   
	contact webmaster jordan 
                          
	jordan@bigmeathammer.com 
 




