



sports psychology for athletes, sport parents, & coaches



























































skip to content 





 




menu 
home
start

athletes
coaches
sports parents
for coaches/teams
mental coaches


coaching

for athletes
for young athletes
for mental coaches
day traders


products

all products
for athletes
for sports parents
for specific sports
for mental coaches


get certified

certification course
mental edge workbooks
mental coach playbook
improving credibility
mastermind course
amap system
online success formula


about

peaksports.com
peaksports coaches
patrick j. cohn, ph.d.
jaclyn ellis, m.s.
georgia miller, m.e.
brock mccormack, m.s.
athletes & clients
what athletes say
success stories
faq sport psychology
in the media
online sports psychology


free tips

for all athletes
for sports parents
for golf
for golf yips
for tennis
for soccer
for baseball/softball
for baseball yips
for equestrians
for figure skating
for gymnastics
for ice hockey
for mx auto racing
for triathletes
for volleyball
mental game podcasts


contact
 
















learn proven mental game skills and strategies taught to 1000s of athletes and performers to help them perform better!
discover the secrets to think like a champion so that you can perform like one. improve your mindset with free sports psychology strategies. get expert mental game coaching from our certified mental coaches at peak performance sports. improve confidence and consistency today from your home or office! learn mental skills to help you perform with more consistency!


improve confidence







mental coaching from anywhere in the world






as seen in






















about peak performance sports, llc
helping athletes, coaches, & sports parents since 1991
peak performance sports, llc of orlando florida helps athletes, coaches, and performers excel in sports. athletes and coaches learn practical, proven mental performance strategies to improve sports performance and consistency.
at peaksports.com, you’ll discover the secrets to think like a champion. you’ll improve confidence with mental performance coaching for athletes and young athletes, mental toughness seminars for teams or groups, and mental training audio programs.
in addition, sports psychologists in-training can get expert training from master mental game coach dr. patrick cohn with the mental game coach certification program for coaches, life coaches, & psychologists. learn a proven system for helping athletes succeed with the mgcp program.





improve sports confidence



get coaching
do you under perform in competition? if so, learn how to take your practice game to competition. you learn proven mental skills to improve performance in competition and take your practice game to competition.



mental coaching





team training
train your team for superior confidence. coaches understand the importance of high confidence, composure under pressure, and teamwork! learn sports psychology strategies to improve performance.



get mental training





kids’ mental training
as a parent, you want the best for your children, whether it’s at school, at home or in sports competition. however, if your young athletes under perform in competition, they may need help with their mental game.



get mental training







sports psych mp3s
our sports psychology books, cds, and workbook programs are perfect for any athlete, sports parent, or coach. the popular confident athlete and the confident sports kid cd and workbook.



see audios





mental coach training
help your athletes succeed with mental game training. peak performance sports provides tools and resources for coaches and mental coaches in training to improve your athletes mental game and success.



get education





mgcp certification
get certified as a mental game coaching professional (mgcp). you learn powerful strategies to help you be a successful mental game coach! our certification is designed for professionals and coaches.



get certified









mental coaching for athletes





one-on-one sports psychology coaching is the fastest and most effective method to improve your mental game, boost performance, and make lasting changes. and as a bonus, athletes receive our exclusive audio and workbook programs to help apply the lessons. please call us at 888-742-7225 with your questions.
peak performance sports offers expert mental performance coaching with our certified mental coaches. please click a photo below to visit the bio pages of our certified mental performance coaches.

improve confidence






mental performance coaches



patrick cohn
ceo & owner

read bio




jaclyn ellis
mental coach

read bio




georgia miller
mental coach

read bio




brock mccormack
mental coach

read bio





video mental coaching




video mental coachingfrom anywhere in the world
join a free 15-minutemental coaching session

schedule now




call 407-909-1700 in us





what clients say






“thanks a lot for your help with the mental coaching. i’m so happy i won against david allen. i was nervous earlier in the day, but when i got to the arena, i was so calm and ready to trust in my skills. i was patient and stuck to the game plan.”*
~david price, boxer







“the last competition went perfect. was i confident? yes. am i letting go of mistakes and staying in the moment? yes. was i instinctual? yes. am i positive with partner? yes. from the mental game, i would say this was a good competition.”*
~j.l. lewis, pga tour







“working with dr. cohn has helped me adopt the next play mentality. i’ve been able to play more decisively and commit fully to making the throw. if i don’t feel perfect, i know i can still have a good game. i thank you so much for your help.”*
~mac jones, alabama





read other testimonials…








become a mental game coach – enroll in the mgcp certification
you’ll tap into dr. cohn’s 30+ years of experience as a mental game coach to junior to professional athletes. a one-of-a-kind mental coach certification course, the mental game coaching professional (mgcp) program teaches you how to do assessments and teach mental toughness skills. in the 10-week mental coach certification course, you meet with other professionals and dr. cohn live via video conference technology to discuss what’s working with athletes today.


become a mental coach




 











learn now
sports psychology for athletes sports psychology for parents sports psychology coaches education for mental coaches free sport psychology report what is a sports psychologist?




sports psychology
why athletes choke what sports psychologist domental strength coaching mental performance coachsports psychology articles mental performance coaches




contact us
phone: 407-909-1700 email peaksports.comwindermere, florida 34786resources | terms of use
instagram
youtube
x
facebook
tiktok






© 2006-2025 peak performance sports, llc


sitemap
privacy policy
disclaimer






we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept





















