



    medical provider resources | allina health minneapolis heart institute
























































ahmhi providers




about ahmhi


referring patients


services


protocols


education and cme


podcast


fellowship training programs


research


contact us





            allina health minneapolis heart institute
        



                allina health minneapolis heart institute
            

information and resources for medical providers
allina health minneapolis heart institute (ahmhi) was formed in 1981 with the goal of providing expert clinical care, educating both the public and health care professionals and advancing the field of cardiology through research. over the past 40 years, the institute has grown to be one of the top-rated cardiovascular centers in the world, consistently nationally ranked by us news and world report for cardiology and heart surgery.
95% of patients would "definitely" recommend this hospital to family and friends







                cardiovascular conversations
            

                a new podcast featuring the expertise of allina health minneapolis heart institute’s cardiovascular physicians
            
learn more







                download mobile app!
            

                app updated with new protocols for acute stroke, pulmonary embolism (pe) and ecmo.
            
learn more









ahmhi providers
offer a full range of cardiovascular services





ahmhi locations
throughout minnesota and western wisconsin





ahmhi services
include treatments that are not readily available elsewhere




latest allina health minneapolis heart institute news








                    cardiologist discusses advances in the treatment of atrial fibrillation
                


                [wcco radio, february 09, 2025] jay sengupta, md, a cardiologist with allina health minneapolis heart institute joined wcco radio to talk about atrial fibrillation
            

february 09, 2025








                    listen to your heart: cardiac arrest leaves man within inches of his life
                


                [allina health news: research, february 03, 2025] john moore went into cardiac arrest moments after stepping off the treadmill during a stress test at united hospital - hastings regina. 
            

february 03, 2025








                    is there a link between sitting and your heart health?
                


                [wcco-tv news, january 03, 2025] an allina health minneapolis heart institute cardiologist explains why sitting too much is bad for your heart, and why exercise alone will not reverse the effects.
            

january 03, 2025








                    holiday heart attacks
                


                [wcco-tv news, december 22, 2024] allina health minneapolis heart institute cardiologist steven bradley, md, mph explains the risks that may contribute to an increase in heart attacks during the holiday season.
            

december 22, 2024








                    how an altruistic living kidney donor moved forward by giving back
                


                [national kidney foundation, october 04, 2024] inspired by the life and loss of her cherished childhood friend and her father, sarah kaspari spends her days supporting the teams that care for local transplant patients and their families
            

october 04, 2024





allina health hospitals ranked among highest in state
abbott northwestern hospital is ranked #1 in the twin cities and ranked high performing in several cardiovascular specialties, including heart attack, heart failure, and heart surgery, by u.s. news & world report 2023-2024.



allina health minneapolis heart institute is a blue distinction center for cardiac care
this means we demonstrate expertise in quality care, resulting in better overall outcomes for patients, by meeting objective clinical measures developed in collaboration with expert physician panels and national medical organizations.
















