





sociology of religion – sociology of religion


















































skip to content








member dashboard 



 












search for:















 


search for:








aboutcurrent officers, council members, and committeesduties of officersduties of committeesprofiles of president & councilprofiles of newly elected officers & council membersconstitution and by-lawshistory of the asrpublicationsjournal: sociology of religionasr book seriesasr documentsminutes of council & business meetingsreports of officers and committeesfinancial management and transparency2014 asr membership surveygive to the asrmemorialsmembershipsannual meetingfurfey lecturebook exhibitssponsors and advertisersfuture asr meetingsprevious meeting programsvideos of past presidential and furfey lecturesasr grants & awardsralph a. gallagher travel grant competitionrobert j. mcnamara student paper awarddistinguished sociology of religion journal article awardjoseph h. fichter research grant competitionlifetime achievement award for contributions to the sociology of religionasr newsasr’s news & announcementsitems of interestresearch grants and awardsresearch and teaching positionsupcoming conferences, symposia, and workshopsgraduate and postdoctoral fellowshipsmemorialslinks & resourceslinks to other scholarly organizationsgrants & fellowshipsdata resourcesasr bibliographic databasememorialsjournal: sociology of religionasr book serieswhat to do with a sociology degreecontact us






search for:











 




 





 


 


 


 


 


 





 




homesorbackend2024-08-28t11:42:56-04:00

publications
sociology of religion: a quarterly review
this official journal of the association for the sociology of religion is published quarterly for the purpose of advancing scholarship in the sociological study of religion. click here for details.
sor journal submission
asr members: log into the member dashboard to submit your proposed article.
non-asr members: click the pay now button to pay your sociology of religion journal submission fee. you will be taken to a place to submit your article.

   
the journal submission fee is non-refundable under any circumstance.  the editorial team puts a lot of time and effort into reviewing every submitted paper.


religion and the social order
this official book series of the association for the sociology of religion is published annually for the purpose of advancing scholarship in the sociological study of religion. click here for details.

member login








username:




password:










register
lost your password?







remember me


















announcements
86th annual meeting
chicago, illinois
august 9-11, 2025

click here for the 2025 call for papers
—————————-
click here for previous annual meeting programs


recent asr news posts
click a post’s title for details

visiting assistant professor of sociology lafayette college department of anthropology and sociology visiting assistant professor of sociology the department of anthropology and sociology at [...]sorbackend2025-02-03t10:54:31-05:00february 3, 2025|read more

job opening: tenure-track assistant professor of quantitative social science, stevens institute of technologythe school of humanities, arts and social sciences at stevens institute of technology is seeking candidates for a full-time, tenure-track [...]dan delaney2024-12-03t17:53:18-05:00december 3, 2024|read more

job opening: asst. professor of sociology, university of south floridathe department of sociology and interdisciplinary social sciences at the university of south florida seeks candidates who specialize in global [...]jim spickard2024-10-15t08:17:07-04:00october 15, 2024|read more
12next
join asr today
seeking to advance
theory and research
in the sociology
of religion.




sociology of religion
journal
podcasts





 
 





  
asr executive office:
rachel kraus, executive officer
association for the sociology of religion
department of sociology
ball state university
2000 w. university ave., north quad 222
muncie, in  47306
usa

 

resources and links links to other societies and associations
asr bibliographical database
international sociological association research committee for the sociology of religion
australian association for the study of religion
east asian society for the scientific study of religion

 

 
@asrreligion
@sorjournal
 

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2023	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


















go to top




