





welcome to the burbank tennis center!













































   



 home 


 junior programs 

 junior development program 
 tennis mechanix academy



 court rates 


 pickleball 


 clinics 

 cardio tennis 
 liveball



 contact us 


















 

                                        burbank tennis center
                                    

                                        welcome
                                    

                                        the spring session of our group lessons will begin the week of march 24th! click below to see the schedule of classes! 
                                    

 see the schedule 














we've got fun
all year long
now playing: group and private lessons, pickleball, junior tennis academies, adult clinics and more!





welcome to the beautiful burbank tennis center where passion, skill, and excitement all come together! whether you're a seasoned player or a beginner looking to embark on an exhilarating tennis journey, we are delighted to have you here!
we pride ourselves on providing an environment that caters to players of all ages and levels. it doesn't matter if you want to improve your technique, compete at a high level, or simply enjoy a friendly game with friends and family we've got what you need here at btc! 

view court rates





please note that courts at the burbank tennis center are for racket sports only (tennis and pickleball). courts may not be repurposed or used for any other sport or activity. smoking, loitering, loud noise and profanity are not allowed. shoes and shirts are required. bikes, skates, rollerblades and board games are also prohibited. no private lessons or teaching is allowed without the express consent of the burbank tennis center and coaching is only allowed by burbank tennis center authorized personnel. we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone.  
we're open from 8am to 10pm monday through friday and from 8am to 8pm on the weekends!




















something for
everyone
click each section for more info!













spring 2025 group public lessons
affordable group lessons 
these six week classes offer everyone a high quality, low cost way to learn, work out and socialize!



                                                            class schedule! 
                                                            
 















courtside caffe
delicious food!
when you're looking for a quick snack or a fantastic meal you can't go wrong at the courtside caffe!



                                                            see their menu! 
                                                            
 















liveball
fast paced workout!
liveball is loud, fun and moves fast! you'll play out points with multiple partners against other teams in this 90 minute clinic!  



                                                            check it out! 
                                                            
 















cardio tennis
hit and run!
one hour of games and drills that will make you sweat with a smile! burn hundreds of calories while you hit to music at this fun based workout! 



                                                            see more! 
                                                            
 















pickleball
low impact, high fun!
one of the fastest growing sports in the country and now you can get in on the fun! see what the fuss is all about and try not to get hooked!



                                                            learn more! 
                                                            
 













btc photo gallery




























































home
junior programs
court rates
pickleball
group lessons
cardio tennis
liveball
contact us













copyright 2025 - site by mike b! 




























































