





























taking action for animals | humane world













      skip to main content
    




























humane world


humane world








                about us
          
toggle submenu









                our mission and impact
          





                our history
          





                our new brand
          











                leadership team
          





                diversity, equity and inclusion
          





                how we help local pet shelters and rescue groups
          











                where we work
          
toggle submenu









                africa
          









                liberia
          





                south africa
          

















                asia
          









                india
          





                south korea
          





                viet nam
          

















                europe
          









                germany
          





                italy
          





                united kingdom
          

















                latin america
          









                brazil
          





                costa rica
          





                mexico
          

















                north america
          









                canada
          





                united states
          

















                australia
          











                issues
          
toggle submenu









                access to care
          





                animals in research
          





                dog and cat meat trade
          





                helping captive wildlife
          





                protecting dogs and cats
          











                animal rescue and response
          





                equine protection
          





                farmed animal welfare
          





                stopping puppy mills
          





                wildlife protection
          






















 

take action: end cruel fur farming worldwide.  



sign the petition














                take action
          
toggle submenu









                get involved
          









                action center
          





                volunteer for animals
          





                events
          

















                ways to give
          









                donate now
          





                start a fundraiser
          





                leave a legacy
          





                donate your car
          











                workplace giving
          





                cause partnerships
          





                humane heroes
          





                humane leaders
          




























 

sign the petition to end the cruel dog meat trade.



take action














                get informed
          
toggle submenu









                animal care resources
          





                "a humane world" blog
          





                all animals magazine
          





                humanepro resources for animal welfare professionals
          





                humane voices podcast
          






















 

take action: end cruel fur farming worldwide.  



sign the petition














media room


careers


contact us


donate






media room


careers


contact us


donate












donate













search humaneworld.org


search


common searches:


frequently asked questions


donate


issues









































taking action for animals



join us in new orleans from august 1-3, 2025 for the leading u.s. conference in animal advocacy.





register now












































                    pete marovich/for the hsus
                







registration is now open!



sign up to attend tafa 2025


taking action for animals (tafa) brings together volunteers, advocates and animal welfare organizations from across the u.s. for one shared goal: to better the lives of animals and people alike. tafa will take place in new orleans from august 1-3, 2025.




register today


























learn more

2024 photos
contact us
faq
health and safety
hotel information
schedule of events
sponsor and exhibit
volunteer








are you ready to make a real difference for animals in your community?

at tafa, you can gain a better understanding of the many issues animals face in our society and learn how to take action in your community through lobbying, education and other citizen advocacy. learn how to enact policies and support legislation to protect animals on the local, state and federal level, plus how to work with community members to further the animal welfare movement.
stay tuned both here and on the facebook event page for important event updates. be sure to share your excitement with other animal lovers using #takingactionforanimals on social media! you can also sign up to be the first to hear about important tafa news and updates and receive a special tafa registration discount.
questions? contact us











explore the conference





here are some scenes from last year's tafa conference. workshops covered a wide range of topics – from skill building to federal, state and local advocacy.

































 






      kitty block speaking at tafa 2024
    






 













 













 













 













 













 











previous



next
















we are stronger together.the humane society of the united states welcomes everyone into our mission. we recognize, respect and embrace the full spectrum of human qualities, so that the unique talents of our staff, volunteers and animal welfare allies are dignified with equitable access to training, networking and support to help grow our ability to contribute to the protection of all animals. whoever you are, whoever you love, you are welcome here.













want to volunteer at tafa 2025?

volunteer at taking action for animals for at least four hours between july 31 and august 3 to qualify for discounted registration! volunteers support tafa in various ways, from stuffing attendee bags before the conference to monitoring workshops, assisting with registration or helping at other sessions. shifts vary in length from two to four or more hours and you can sign up for as many as you’d like. volunteer sign-up will open early 2025.
thank you to our 2024 sponsors and exhibitors
 
























join us at taking action for animals



taking action for animals (tafa) brings together volunteers, advocates and animal welfare organizations from across the u.s. for one shared goal: to better the lives of animals and people alike. whether you’re a citizen who wants to learn more about protecting animals, a volunteer on behalf of animals or working for an animal organization, this conference is for you. 





register today




































                    pete marovich/for the hsus
                
















 



footer menu


media room


careers


contact us


donate





global - social menu


humane world for animals


connect with us























global - legal menu


about us


diversity and inclusion


governance


financials


privacy and cookie policy













 








 



© 2025 humane world for animals is registered as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. contributions to the humane world for animals are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law. the humane world for animals tax identification number is 53-0225390.





































