







the wolverine foundation - a non-profit organization comprised of wildlife scientists with a common interest in the wolverine.




























































the wolverine foundationa non-profit organization comprised of wildlife scientists with a common interest in the wolverine.
the wolverine foundationpromoting science-based management of wolverines across their global range
donate
home
about us

our directors
grant program


support our work
resources

species account

taxonomy
denning
density
distribution
food habits
fossil record
general characteristics
habitat use
mortality
reproduction
spatial use
conservation


bibliography
current research projects
completed project reports


news
faqs
gift shop
contact us
store

wolverine store


female wolverine "melanie" detected at a remote camera station in the northern cascades, wa.  usda forest service, okanogan-wenatchee national forest and pacific northwest research station.
welcome to the wolverine foundation
the wolverine foundation, inc. (twf) was formed in 1996 to promote interest in the wolverine’s status and ecological role in the world wildlife community. it is an international non-profit foundation comprised of leading wildlife scientists knowledgeable in the life history, ecology, and management of one of the least understood and most fascinating creatures on earth. twf recognizes the need for a coordinated science-based effort to elevate the wolverine’s management status through support and initiation of research, and to develop an information network for professional and public education. more

the need to move (wolverine foundation) produced for twf by conservation media on vimeo.



sign up for wolverine foundation news
sign up now


follow us
facebookrss
wolverine news
address changejanuary 24, 2025 please note that our address has changed.  our executive director, rebecca watters, recently … [read more...]wolverine listed as threatened under the us endangered species actdecember 2, 2023 on november 29th, 2023, wolverines received protections under the us endangered species act. … [read more...]remembering a great wolverine fandecember 30, 2021 eo wilson died this week at 92. the wolverine was one of his favorite animals, and his ecological … [read more...]wolverine news – fall 2019december 3, 2019 our fall 2019 newsletter is here. we consider the state of the us listing decision, welcome an … [read more...]wolverine-winter recreation final report available nowdecember 15, 2017 the wolverine foundation has proudly supported the wolverine-winter recreation project, which looked … [read more...]more wolverine news
wolverine related links


report a wolverine sighting


wolverine identification information


nasa climate change website


learn how you can help

the swedish wolverine project






copyright© 2025 the wolverine foundation · all rights reserved · log in · 
		return to top


 















