




















            to enhance your user experience on our website, this site uses cookies. 
            if you continue to browse, you accept the use of cookies on our site. 
            see our privacy policy
             for more information.
        





































home










1973-93 dodge truck parts



- bed parts - stepside




- bolts and screws




- wood




- interior




- exterior trim parts




- exterior decals




- detailing decals




- electrical




- gauge-control-cluster




- lighting




- underhood items




- body parts




- wheels & tires




- undercarriage / lines




- exhaust













1961-71 sweptline parts



1961-71 interior




1961-71 sweptline trim













weather strip - all years



1972-93 weather strip




1972-93 nos weather strip




1961-71 weather strip




1954-60 weather strip













nalreto - certified parts










inventory reduction










parts request form










gifts, shirts, books










view cart










contact information










about - lil red express










about - warlock










my trucks










links










faq ?










helpful assembly guides










prayer request


























		 

we still have vendors that are not able to ship or are limited in shipping therefore some items may be delayed: 

		 
* wood orders approximately - 1-2 months to ship
* exhaust - approximately - 6-12 months to ship
thank you for your understanding and especially for your business! 
prayer concern/request?
god bless and keep on truckin!

 
decolores!
david n kim



   


 
we are a part time business and as such we typically ship once per week and answer voicemail/email as soon as we can.

our website has a few shipping restrictions


1-all international shipments please enter your address at check out and select "international shipping" which is a flat rate of 60.00 - we will then contact you and either credit the savings or request a payment for the amount over that for the actual shipping amount.

			 

also - we have zero control over the amount of customs fees your country demands once the product arrives - the cost we charge is for shipping only not for customs/importation fees - these all must be paid on your end.

			 

2-please do not select "international shipping" if your order is not international.

			 

3-we will not ship any order until the appropriate shipping charges are paid.

			 

4-some items may be marked in stock, but are made to order or carried in a limited supply & may have a lead time even if in stock is noted.




















