





 stephen lindholm  - stanford university




home
pictures
sacred music
projects
information for me
information for you
fellow hippies


 


top page
about this site


  



scotland
formative years
japan
adolescence
aerial balloon


  


about my projects
balloon pictures
tropical horticulture
animal husbandry
research papers
software


super monkey ball 2
nerd tips


admit mscs
buchanan gay?
square watermelon
strom retrospective
my many talents


lukas a. biewald
pamela j. olson



 steve’s page o’ love 

 
i last updated my web page three years ago and in that time i’ve moved out of undergraduate housing, finished
my master’s, come back to stanford to start law school, and started my first real job. yet returning visitors
need not fear; despite all of my life changes, this web page will still satify your pregnant monkey needs
for years to come.
the monkey of the day is: 

i have a real job now; i’m working at a law firm for the summer.
hopefully, they will let me work there when i graduate. i would give a link, but i fear
that during the intervening three years before i update my web page again, france will
have taken away our domain name. (i’m not kidding, they really are trying to do that.)
now that i have a real job, i am no longer irritated by people who ask me when i plan to
get one. that particular problem vexed me for years.
common misunderstandings, redux

 me with pam and the prez  
myself, i’m 24 years old. i go to law school at stanford university. i have finished my
first year, and i have two more to go until i graduate. this means that exactly one
third of my personality has been drained from my soul into a insulated, untippable
coffee mug with “westlaw” silk-screened onto the side in neat, blue letters. law school
is, in fact, taking me the same amount of time as my computer science master’s did. it
is, however, much less fun. grad school is like welfare, but with better food and less
poon-tang. law school is like stalin’s gulag, but with more palm trees and pricier
books.
i mentioned before that i’m no longer innundated by questions like
“when are you going to find a real job?” “when are you going to move out of
undergraduate housing?” i have a new irritation: people who wait for parking spaces to
open. it’s a good thing i will never hold political office, because if i had my
druthers, those inconsiderate bastards would be shot. just this last week, i was in the
wal*mart parking lot, behind another car. the driver of this car needed a parking space.
she decided not to take the open space right in front of her, but the one two
spaces ahead of her which was, of course, occupied by a car that was pulling
out. by the grace of $diety, i managed to squeeze past her car into the spot she passed
up. by the time i was in the store, she was still parking her car.
nakedness
contrary to rumors, and to what you might infer from my pictures page, i do not trade pictures of naked people.
honestly, i really don’t have that many. it’s simply not something i care about. if you
really want to see people naked, your best bet is to go to an event where people are naked and se quita your
own ropa.
svenska
finally, i don’t speak swedish. really, i don’t. many bona fide
swedish people like to try holding little conversations with me. it just doesn’t work.
actually, a few months ago i changed my powerbook language to swedish, so out of pure
necessity i’ve learned the words for things like “window,” “computer,” “printer,” etc.
but it’s simply not possible to hold a sensible conversion with just those words!
the default paper size on my powerbook changed to a4 when i changed
the language to swedish. i finally found a place on veterans blvd. in redwood city that
sells decent quality a4 paper at a reasonable price: xpedx. they’re in the yellow pages
under “paper.” metric envelopes are a bigger challenge. there is a japanese stationery 
store at the town and country shopping center which sells the cutest stationery, but no 
standard metric envelopes.



