





home | jessup university

















































































 
 skip to main content
visit jessup  
request info  
apply  
jessup universitytop christian college in northern californiaabout

accreditation
campuses

rocklin campus
portland campus
san jose campus


faith and learning
mission & vision
diversity, reconciliation, & unity
office of the president
media
history
departments
employment


academics

majors & programs
schools & institutes

multnomah biblical seminary
school of business
school of education
school of humanities & the arts
school of natural & applied sciences
school of psychology
school of theology & leadership
institute for biodiversity and  the environment
institute for public policy


faculty
registrar


admissions & aid

admissions

undergrad
graduate
online
certificates
international


financial aid
events
visit
request information
apply


resources

academic calendar
academic catalog
academy
blog
career services
commencement
disability support services
library
success coaching
transcripts


community

alumni
church centers

center for bible study
center for church health
center for global engagement
centro de ministerio hispano


current students
dining
parents
student life

campus ministries
residence life & housing
student activities


veterans


athletics

jessup rocklin athletics
jessup multnomah athletics


giving

ways to give
jessup fund
give now – athletics
give now












you were meant to make a difference. we’ll get you ready. 





apply today


visit campus


find your program











your story starts here.at jessup university we believe an exceptional education should go hand-in-hand with your faith.we want you to graduate sure of yourself, more confident of your beliefs, and equipped to lead in your chosen field.







celebrating black history & culture
join us in celebrating black history month (bhm) with heartfelt celebration of god’s work through black history and culture.
“how good and pleasant it is when god’s people live together in unity!” (psalm 133:1)







dr. parnell lovelace multicultural scholarship
scholarship info


kcra television interview with dr. lovelace
kcra interview


on campus

visit the jessup cafe for culturally inspired dishes 
hear from notable bhm speakers at chapel
view the library’s bhm educational display 






check out all the bhm highlights on our socials!
instagram
facebook
linkedin






multiple locations. one university.


rocklincaliforniacampus page
san josecaliforniacampus page
portlandoregoncampus page
onlineglobalcampus page




a vibrant community awaits
we invite you to visit us and experience all jessup has to offer.





campus tours
tour the campus with an amazing admissions counselor and schedule it on a day that works best for you!


schedule a custom visit






visit events
from interest fairs to open houses to explore the campus and meet your future professors and resources, you’ll experience a day in the life of a jessup student just like you.


register for a visit event






virtual experiences
tour jessup through video or attend a preview evening and meet future professors and classmates.


virtually explore jessup








news & stories























academic successwhat is digital humanities?one of the first things people ask me when they discover what i do is, “so, what is digital humanities?” or sometimes, “what are the digital humanities?” (and yes, even the question’s grammar confuses people—is…cultural impactjessup university invites community to mlk celebration event featuring keynote address by dr. parnell m. lovelacejessup university announced its participation in the annual martin luther king jr. celebration at the trinity life center of sacramento, a cornerstone event honoring the life and legacy of dr. king. this year’s keynote address…academic successjessup university partners with campusedu to launch jessup high, an online dual enrollment program for high school studentsjessup university announced a strategic partnership with campusedu to launch jessup high, an online dual enrollment program that offers high school students the opportunity to earn college credits through flexible, video-based courses accessible anytime, anywhere. 







all news & stories





featured events







rocklinjessup theatre presents the spring lab showfebruary 14-23, 2025mha webinar “transitioning from clinical to administrative leadership”february 19, 2025rocklinpreview day | spring 2024march 21, 2025rocklinjessup theatre presents footloose the musicalapril 11-27, 2025 







 academic calendar 
 jessup athletics 






you were meant to make a difference. we’ll get you ready.


request information

apply
visit jessup



 



















current students
employment
departments
my.jessup
campus safety
consumer information
title ix
website support
events
commencement
visit


non-discrimination policy
jessup university admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally afforded or made available to students at the university. jessup does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, national and ethnic origin, age, disability, or status as a veteran in the administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, or scholarship and loan programs and athletic and other school-administered programs.








rocklin campus | rocklin, ca(916) 577-2200
san jose campus | san jose, ca(800) 205-6100
multnomah campus | portland, or(503) 255-0332







copyright © 2025 jessup university. | privacy policy
































x




search for:











modal title











