







cody’s country catering | serving bend and central oregon events






















































skip to content




 any event. any size. we cater!
family owned since 1969
541-383-5014
contact/inquire
 















menu


catering

weddings
corporate/business
graduation & family events
on site bbq’s
theme dinners
bites
holidays
other menus


weddings
family dinners
deli menu
about

testimonials
our history
faqs
media
our partners
locations


now hiring
contact

 deli menu download


 

















 


























serving bend or since 1992





country catering is a family-owned business. we specialize in catering to your special wedding day and to local businesses for events of all kinds. whether it’s helping you plan for a small corporate meeting, a large formal event, or something in between, we can provide the services and food to make your function a delicious and memorable time! we are famous for our on-site bbq’s, served at your private setting or at the location of your choice. if you are seeking catering services for any occasion, we can offer a menu to fit all budgets. we also offer local delivery for our special corporate luncheon menus, luncheon platters, and complete hot meals. contact us today  for catering information. 



















 




menus 
view our offerings
 
 











 




weddings 
let us help you celebrate
 
 











 




takeout / pickup 
fast delicious offerings
 
 











 




contact / quote 
lets make plan together
 
 
























 








why cody's country catering?





we offer full service catering for all of your needs, from a casual holiday get together to an upscale elegant wedding, a company bbq or business lunch meeting, we have it covered. everything on our menu is prepared and served every day at one bend oregon location, by  a friendly, experienced staff.
we offer our experience, creativity, and wide selection of menu items. but we also take time to listen to your needs and desires in order to tailor each event to meet every expectation.








more about us



















recent customers reviews





we love our amazing customers. we are committed to cooking the best food for you and your event. thank you so much for you consideration and i look forward to catering your next event. 


























john s.
      





great group. very easy to work with. and their food is delicious!
 











dennis jones
      





it’s been our family’s absolute pleasure to have cody’s thanksgiving and christmas dinners. the food is over the moon good and so well made and delivered. since moving to bend 3 years ago cody’s has been our “go to” holiday dinner catering company. cody’s cuisine is top shelf.
 











erin hohlfelder
      





some of the best wedding food we've ever had! our guests were so thrilled with the custom mix of options that cody's team allowed us to curate (pulled pork, tri tip steak, jalapeno mac, garlic bread, salad, and grilled veggies) and the portion sizes were really generous for the cost....
 read more »











a r
      





cody’s was soooo good, so professional, packaged well, huge portions and tons of leftovers. their bbq sauce alone was fire. we had the 14hr smoked brisket, pork ribs, bbq beans, mac n cheese, chipotle apple coleslaw and jalapeno cornbread. they even included plates, utensils and serving utensils. i would absolutely...
 read more »
















view testimonials
































more than just a meal3 generations of delivering excellence 
we are very good at what we do! i love making food and meeting new people in my career. sitting down and sharing a meal with friends, co-workers and loved ones is a very special time and for me to be a part of that whether its a quick bite to eat or catering your special event is what i enjoy the most. more than likely i have already served you or a friend a tasty bite and look forward to developing you into a life long customer.
i love my family and they are the reason why i work so hard. they are a huge inspiration and are part of the business everyday. my wife megan handles many aspects of the business and would not be able to make this possible with out her. my two daughters are awesome and i am so blessed to be a dad.
thank you so much for you consideration and i look forward to catering your next event.
 
 









 


















cody's country catering 
phone: 541-383-5014email: cody@bendcatering.comfamily dinner pick up hours: 12:00pm to 4:00pm - fridays onlycatering available 7 days a week - schedule an appointment today!
900 se wilson stbend oregon 97701
 
 










sign up our specials
get info on menus updates, events and holidays




!



!
 


subscribe




something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.


























© 2025 cody's country catering | privacy policy | terms & conditions









website developed by wm












 


scroll to top














