















citizenagainstlies














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






citizenagainstlies






















friday, december 2, 2011








adam levine





levine was (born march 18, 1979) in los angeles, the son of patsy noah and fred levine. his uncle is journalist and author timothy noah. he has a brother, michael, and a sister, julia milne. when he was six, he made the winning shot of his local ymca championship basketball game (on a team his father coached) with no time left on the clock. he has said that the incident changed his life and gave him the confidence to be successful.levine attended french woods festival of the performing arts camp (hancock, ny) with best friend jesse carmichael, guitar player of the band known at that time as kara's flowers. he graduated from brentwood school in 1997.levine has jewish ancestry on both sides of his family (his father and maternal grandfather were jewish), and considers himself jewish, though according to the jewish chronicle, who interviewed levine, he "has rejected formal religious practice for a more generalized, spiritual way of life". as a child, when asked by his father whether he wanted a bar mitzvah, levine said no.adam levine photos 1adam levine photos 2adam levine photos 3adam levine photos 4adam levine photos 5adam levine photos 6adam levine photos 7adam levine photos 8adam levine photos 9adam levine photos 10adam levine photos 11adam levine photos 12adam levine photos 13adam levine photos 14adam levine photos 15adam levine photos 16adam levine photos 17adam levine photos 18adam levine photos 19adam levine photos 20adam levine photos 21adam levine photos 22adam levine photos 23adam levine photos 24adam levine photos 25adam levine photos 26adam levine photos 27adam levine photos 28adam levine photos 29







at

11:11 am



no comments:
  




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
adam levine













older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






popular posts









father christmas
father christmas is the name used in many english-speaking countries for a figure associated with christmas. a similar figure with the same ...










christmas
christmas or christmas day is an annual holiday generally celebrated on december 25 by billions of people around the world. it is a christia...










sasha grey
sasha grey (born marina ann hantzis on march 14, 1988) is an american former pornographic actress, who has since turned to mainstream acting...










angie varona
angie varona is one of the most recognized young sex symbols on the internet, not because she is an aspiring model, or even asking for the a...










veterans day
veterans day, formerly armistice day, is an annual united states holiday honoring military veterans. it is a federal holiday that is observe...










tori spelling pregnant
tori spelling, pregnant with her third child, crashed into a wall with her two children after she said she was chased by paparazzi. tori spe...










heavy d and the boyz
an autopsy into the death of rapper heavy d has provided inconclusive results, according to reports. the la times claims that officials have...










heavy d weight loss
to many, rapper heavy d looked better than ever on bet’s hip hop music awards show, keeping up with the dancers and reciting classic lyrics ...










jessica clement
jessica-jane clements has decided not to wear a bra in the jungle when she appears in this series of 'i'm a celebrity, get me out of...










sasha grey the girlfriend experience
girlfriend experience' unnerved sasha grey more than adult-film debut. 'i was probably more intimidated working with steven,' po...







blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2011

(37)





        ▼ 
      



december

(4)

adam levine
beyonce pregnant
christmas
father christmas








        ► 
      



november

(32)







        ► 
      



september

(1)









category


adam levine


aishwarya rai


angie varona


beyonce


bradley cooper


christmas


father christmas


heavy d


jerry sandusky


jessica clement


jessica jane clement


nargis fakhri


natalie wood


ögretmenler günü


rihanna


sasha grey


skyrim


tori spelling


veterans day




followers












powered by blogger.





 















