


thai groceries and cooking school at thaigrocer.com










welcome to thaigrocer.com.we're here as your convient resource for thai groceries and thai cooking school information.

thai cooking school


hosting a cooking school is our way of sharing 12 years of experience importing the finest thai ingredients & cookware for our online thai grocery.  join us as we take you to the same kitchens and sidewalk food carts where we've produced hundreds of authentic thai recipes & street vendor videos.  meet our own family & friends in kanchanaburi, where we pull up a chair for you and share generations of cooking knowledge.
we'll teach you how to cook a variety of recipes in a clean and organized kitchen at a gorgeous riverside resort surrounded by organic gardens, fragrant trees, and immaculate tropical scenery.  you'll learn the fundamentals--true local flavors, how to control a wok, when to add spice, using a mortar & pestle, etc.  we also eat together at delicious local roadside restaurants, and we'll spend several evenings walking around a pedestrian area of the city where hard-working street vendors demonstrate their unique craft of delivering delicious meals on the spot right in front of your eyes.  a week-long adventure full of memories to last a lifetime (and some extra pounds to carry home).
find out more about our thai cooking school.

current features


















praram longsong powder



roasted rice powder




thai street vendor video series




























thai cooking school




video: fresh pad siew




video: home made noodles






				since 1999 america's best resource for authentic thai groceries, cookware, and recipes.
proud to be featured in the january 2012 issue of bon appetit magazine's "thai food 101", and the new july 2012 issue. thaigrocer products mentioned in the magazine include:










thin soy sauce, healthy boy brand
fish sauce, tra chang gold label


thai whole dried chiles
thai oyster sauce


fresh galangal
fresh turmeric


shrimp paste
fresh lemongrass


rice stick noodles
salted radish


tamarind
granite mortar and pestle


flat bottom wok
palm sugar


dried shrimp
kaffir lime leaves


ground thai chile
fresh thai basil


all natural coconut cream
thai jasmine rice


fresh thai chiles
clay mortar and pestle






thai grocer cooking information! free information to help you learn about thai food and how to prepare it.






















toll free 1-888-618-thai








importfood.com certified secure site











thai recipes | sticky rice | mortar and pestle | thai tea | pad thai recipe
cookware | thai curry paste | sauces | spices | noodles, rice | canned | thai food blog
japanese food | about us | contact us | site index | importfood.com in the news

toll free 888-618-8424 (call anytime!)
								local number direct: 425-687-1708






											copyright © importfood.com 1999-2012 all rights reserved
















