







creative artistic metal gates railings garden sculpture 








home
gallery
information
blacksmithing
blog
contact

creative metal 
		  gates, railings, balustrades, garden sculpture ... 

"... stylish, elegant,  and bespoke metalwork 
	  ..."















	welcome 
	to verdigris, a contemporary forge and  metalworking studio based in dorset
      near wimborne minster run by artist blacksmith 	
	david hyde. work made by david can be installed throughout the uk
      and occasionally further
      afield. all types of creative and artistic metalwork
      is designed and made, ranging from 
	garden sculpture through to more practical
      items such as 
	gates, 
	railings and 
	balustrades. 
	david has gained a reputation
      for creating exciting, innovative and highly 
	detailed designs by blending
      traditional blacksmithing
	techniques with the use of modern precision machinery.
      his passion is for forged 
steel and
	wrought iron but many other metals
      such as bronze, 
	copper and 
	stainless steel are used. you can see a selection
      from his portfolio of bespoke metalwork below but there is a more comprehensive
      body of work to view in the gallery pages.


									richly detailed arts and crafts gate:


this richly detailed
		   garden gate embodies the principles of the arts and crafts movement with its understated design and precise, crisp 
		   joinery. traditional 
		   blacksmithing 
		   techniques on display include 
		   hot punched holes, elegant 
		   tapers and hand 
		   forged detailing.


						wrought iron stair railings inspired by natural forms:


	these vibrant and exuberant stair railings were commissioned by clients with a passion for gardening and nature.		
		the railing's design was inspired by the youthful and 
		inquisitive growth of seedlings and how their emerging tendrils and leaves appear to explore their surroundings as they 
		rapidly grow. 
 

asymmetrical wrought iron art nouveau gates:


the design of this pair of asymmetrical gates and their side railings was inspired by the flowing curves of the art nouveau movement. a balanced blend of straight lines and sweeping curves lends the gates both a feeling of security and a sculptural quality. 


					cascading and flowing sculptural handrail:


only a single straight line was used to create these sculptural railings 
		   and handrail for a garden situated on the banks of the river thames. the cascading and flowing handrail reflects 
		   the riverside location, whilst clusters of plant-like natural forms are used for support posts. 

galvanised steel garden light snowdrop sculptures:


although the tallest of the snowdrops is over 8ft high, they still capture all the delicacy and poise of such a diminutive woodland flower. 
		   each snowdrop is individual and bespoke and can be made as either pure sculpture or as a garden light. their finish is 
		   galvanised steel that can be left to weather naturally or can be specially aged.

bespoke wrought iron railings in a historic setting:


combining contemporary design with ancient symbolism, these railings reflect the historic setting of their location. 
		  their cascading circular elements hint at trefoil windows and suggest celtic art from the earlier la tene period.



			textured and patinated copper fire canopy


		special patination
		techniques were developed to give this bespoke
		copper fire canopy an antique look 
		reminiscent of vintage leather. 
		its warm tones and lightly distressed texture
		wonderfully pick up on the brick and woodwork surrounding the fireplace ... it almost looks like it's been there forever!
	


  a 
		graceful and elegant bedroom balcony


this contemporary metal balustrade for a juliet balcony was designed to meet building regulations re the "100mm gap". however, unlike a row of regimented upright bars, the balustrade still has an element of creativity to it.

frameless gate 
					and railings with a nature inspired theme:


the brief for the design of this gate and its side panel was to 
		  avoid any 
		  straight lines and that the meeting of the two halves should blend 
		  seamlessly into the design. the commission also had to reflect the wild beauty of 
		  its hebridean setting.
bespoke
			  	        wrought iron garden railings:


 these bespoke  wrought iron  railings were designed to reflect the 
		  semi-circular
		    motif used throughout the garden. as with many of our designs, the
	                  railings don't use a conventional top rail, instead the
		    forged steel uprights were shaped to suggest a top rail.	                  
bespoke contemporary  metal railings:


 david has an affinity towards designs using movement and flow. 
					sweeping curvilinear lines are a specialty, as these bespoke, stylish and contemporary  metal railings  demonstrate. 
					they were commissioned for a villa in the french riviera and their design uses breaking waves for its inspiration. 
					as with many of our commissions, the railings are designed without a  surrounding rectangular  metal frame.
galvanised
			  	        steel tree wall sculpture:

 this galvanised steel tree sculpture was commissioned for the side of 
		   affleck's palace; 
					a shopping arcade in manchester with an eclectic mix of small independent stalls and boutiques aimed at the student market. 
					the spreading growth of the tree suggests youthful and inquisitive exploration.
art
			  	        nouveau inspired metal stair railings:

these design of these metal stair railings was inspired by the flowing
		    and expressive lines used in metalwork from the art nouveau period.
		    however, setting the curves against the lattice work of straight
		    lines gives the design a modern twist and helps to emphasise the
		    flow of the curves. 
 
					stainless steel fantasy fairy tale stair railings:


spectacular, colourful and sparkling stair railings made from stainless steel and designed with more than just a hint of a fairy tale to them. coloured glass diamond shaped crystals held in place with jewellery style fixings glint and gleam as they catch the light and add an almost magical fantasy quality as the railings cascade and flow up the stairs.
bespoke  art nouveau handrails:

these elegant bespoke metal handrails were commissioned by  customers 
					with a passion for all things art nouveau. the design of the handrails reflect 
					the period features seen throughout their house. their sweeping and flowing curves 
					were inspired by the lines  typical of art nouveau metalwork. 

 bronze
			  	        and polished stainless steel dragon sculpture: 



	                the attention to detail of a jeweller was used to create this dragon by fusing and subtly blending bronze and polished stainless steel. amethyst gem stones bring it to life as they catch the light but please click on the picture to see another of the sculpture's unique features.
	                
	              
creative
			  		          and very different stainless steel railings: 


these very different and unusual stainless steel and glass railings were
		    commissioned for a seafront property in st mawes cornwall. their
		    design picks up on aspects of this environment including naval pennants
		    flying in the wind, stylised flora from the area and the dry stone
		    wall on which they sit. 


 unit 5 middle road, bailie gate industrial estate, sturminster marshall, dorset, bh21 4db
01258 858 605
 


© 2024 david hyde
all work is protected by copyright



