







thomas more law center | the sword and shield for people of faith






























































 






 

 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebarthomas more law centerthe sword and shield for people of faithhome
key issues

defending the religious freedom of christians
restoring family values
defending the sanctity of human life
confronting the threat of radical islam
defending national security


news

press releases
tmlc news alerts


about

about the thomas more law center
president & chief counsel
history of the law center


contact

contact
request for legal help


donate

become a tmlc member
other ways to give

planned giving


financial transparency information


thomas more law center | the sword and shield for people of faith


merry christmas and happy new year from the staff of the thomas more law center
today, december 3, 2024, is giving tuesday — embrace the spirit of freedom
happy thanksgiving to you and your loved ones
thomas more  law center instrumental in upending biden/harris national plan to deter opposition by “trump trains” — a monumental victory for free speech
cardinal raymond burke endorses thomas more law center for its important service restoring christian culture
thomas more law center wins landmark first amendment case for every american in the u.s. supreme court


welcome to the thomas more law center
renowned as a national nonprofit public interest law firm, based in ann arbor, michigan. the mission of the thomas more law center is to: preserve america’s judeo-christian heritage; defend the religious freedom of christians; restore time-honored moral and family values; protect the sanctity of human life; promote a strong national defense and a free and sovereign united states of america. the law center accomplishes its mission through litigation, education, and related activities. the law center does not charge for its legal services, and relies on tax-deductible donations from concerned patriotic americans and charitable foundations.
 



tmlc updates


 

                                       news
                                        

                                       blog
                                        

                                       more
                                        
 
 
                        news
                    







june 8, 2023 | 

sixth-grade gym class basketball game causes constitutional battle in federal court against officials of lakeview public schools and jefferson middle school »
read more







may 8, 2023 | 

michigan supreme court embroiled in pronoun battle prompted by aclu—thomas more law center joins fray »
read more







march 2, 2023 | 

thomas more law center asks the u.s. supreme court to  protect religious freedom in the workplace »
read more







december 7, 2022 | 

thomas more law center joins challenge to government laws forcing christians to speak against their faith »
read more







 
                        blog
                    







december 28, 2023 | 
fighting to restore and defend our christian nation »
read more







december 22, 2023 | 
christmas blessings »
read more







december 21, 2023 | 
our constitutional freedoms are being crushed. help preserve them! »
read more







december 7, 2023 | 
december 7, 1941 – “a date which will live in infamy” »
read more







 
                        more
                    







march 31, 2022 | 
thomas more law center to u.s. supreme court—stop ny governor from dictating which religious beliefs are allowed »
read more







october 12, 2021 | 
catholic lawyers guild of lansing presents st. thomas more award to thomas more law center president richard thompson »
read more







july 1, 2021 | 
thomas more law center wins landmark first amendment case for every american in the u.s. supreme court »
read more







february 17, 2021 | 
community leader who stated, “all lives matter” is fired from his job to appease black lives matter—lawsuit filed »
read more






 




video feature…


watch tmlc’s ’one nation under god’ video to learn more about our important work fighting the culture war.
  






“[it] (the thomas more law center) has initiated and funded more cases challenging the stealth jihad being waged against our nation than any other public interest law firm in america.”

former congressman ltc allen west




“it is such a blessing to have the thomas more law center actively involved in so many aspects of the pro-life movement’s efforts to end the senseless killing of innocent preborn children.”

 
judie brown, american life league




“the thomas more law center is a crucial element on a crucial front of the culture war.”


pat buchanan, conservative political commentator, author, & syndicated columnist




“a superbly talented group of professionals upholding the highest traditions of religious liberty and faith-based values through advocacy in the courts and media. its staff of lawyers stand in defense of the constitution and religious institutions threatened by the rising anti-religious tide of our time.” 

 
hugh hewitt, conservative columnist and political commentator




the thomas more law center is the antidote to the aclu.”

 
bill o'reilly, the o'reilly factor




“the thomas more law center is on the forefront of fighting the islamic cultural jihad attacking america.”



 
brigitte gabriel, founder, act! for america




“the aclu has been busy harassing people, and these people [the thomas more law center] will help you counter that.”


dr. laura schlessinger, radio host, conservative commentator & author




“during these difficult times in which we are living, in which secularization has ravaged the culture of our homeland…the thomas more law center provides a most important service for the restoration of christian culture by promoting the sanctity of human life, defending religious liberty, and protecting the good of the family.


cardinal raymond burke




“[t]he thomas more law center, this is a cutting edge agency in the culture war for the soul of america … christians need warriors in the courts where the culture war is being fought and the thomas more law center is a crucial element on the crucial front of that culture war.” 

 
pat buchanan, conservative political commentator, author, & syndicated columnist




“the thomas more law center is a team of highly skilled, christian attorneys defending the religious freedom of christians, time-honored family values, and the sanctity of human life without charge. they are battling on behalf of christians like you and me, and are proving to be very effective…i strongly urge you to lend whatever support you can to this vital ministry.”

 
the late dr. bill brightfounder, campus crusade for christ




“now more than ever, we need the thomas more law center defending religious liberty, the family, and the sanctity of human life through their work in the legal system. while the family research council wages these battles in the cultural and political realms, our friends at the thomas more law center are fighting them in the courts. may god bless their important work.”

 
tony perkins; president, family research council




“the thomas more law center is a christian answer to the aclu. they are fighting for our christian faith in the courts and they are winning.”


the late dr. d. james kennedy, coral ridge ministries




“the thomas more law center has been effectively fighting the culture war being waged against families by abortionists, pornographers, those against school prayer, those against the ten commandments, those against god … they are the only shield we have left in some cases.”

 
dr. michael savage, the savage nation




“the thomas more law center is using their skills as litigators to fight on behalf of christians. i urge you to get behind them and support this vital work for our future and the future generations of christians in america.”
 
the late dr. jerry falwell, sr; founder, liberty university





primary sidebarthe president’s blog
tmlc in the news
request for legal help
leave a legacy
sign up as pro bono attorney




get email updates






 




 


 
stay connected


become a fan
follow us
video library
rss feed





search this website
home
key issues
news
about
contact
donate

© 2024 - thomas more law center • 24 frank lloyd wright drive • suite j 3200 • ann arbor, mi 48106 • office: 734.827.2001 • fax: 734.930.7160













































