



	cavalluzzo | labour & employment, human rights, and public law firm | toronto
 











skip to main content














































non-unionized employee? click here




























about us

our firmour servicesour historycontact usstatement of principles 

our expertiseclass actionsour team


philip abbinknatasha abrahamjeffrey andrewdanielle bisnardavid bloomtyler boggsemma bolfpaul j.j. cavalluzzocynthia cryslerpatricia d'heureuxbalraj dosanjh

kaley duffcole eisenjackie esmondesean fitzpatrickdeborah gutermanaminah hanifbernie hansonsydney langmichael mcdonoughstephen moreauamanda pask

christopher perrilauren sheffieldkylie sierniiti simmondsadrienne telfordgabrielle terryclémence thabetmichelle thomaratsheilagh turkingtonryan whitenewsha zargaran


news and blog

news and eventsblog and features

join us

students

articling program application processsummer student programstructure & dutiesabout our studentsour unique workplaceevaluationsresourcesremuneration & hire back

careers at cavalluzzo

contact us













close menu














about us


our firm

our services

our history

contact us

statement of principles 


our expertise

class actions

our team


philip abbink

natasha abraham

jeffrey andrew

danielle bisnar

david bloom

tyler boggs

emma bolf

paul j.j. cavalluzzo

cynthia crysler

patricia d'heureux

balraj dosanjh

kaley duff

cole eisen

jackie esmonde

sean fitzpatrick

deborah guterman

aminah hanif

bernie hanson

sydney lang

michael mcdonough

stephen moreau

amanda pask

christopher perri

lauren sheffield

kylie sier

niiti simmonds

adrienne telford

gabrielle terry

clémence thabet

michelle thomarat

sheilagh turkington

ryan white

newsha zargaran


news and blog


news and events

blog and features


join us


students


articling program application process

summer student program

structure & duties

about our students

our unique workplace

evaluations

resources

remuneration & hire back


careers at cavalluzzo


contact us







474 bathurst street, suite 300
toronto, ontario m5t 2s6



p 416.964.1115 
f 416.964.5895


www.cavalluzzo.com
info@cavalluzzo.com






close menu





















welcome to cavalluzzo
dedicated to social advocacy and the protection of working people.
we can help












new partner announcement
cavalluzzo llp is very pleased to announce that tyler boggs has joined our partnership.
read more












celebrating excellence: stephen moreau honoured with the randall echlin award
recognized by the ontario bar association’s labour and employment law section for 2024
read more












cavalluzzo llp recognized in inaugural best law firm rankings 2025
ranked in labour and employment and administrative and public law nationally, and eight practice areas regionally
read more












cavalluzzo llp awarded on the globe and mail canada’s best law firms 2025 list
recognized in administrative & public law, human rights, and labour & employment
read more












sixteen cavalluzzo lawyers recognized in best lawyers 2025 edition
one cavalluzzo llp lawyer recognized as “one to watch”
learn more















who we are
cavalluzzo llp is dedicated to advancing the causes of working people and social justice. we make complex issues understandable, work to ensure that simple matters stay that way and manage your costs effectively. our lawyers specialize in union-side labour law, employment law, class actions, pensions and benefits, professional regulation, human rights, constitutional law, indigenous rights and public interest advocacy. whether in a labour arbitration or at the supreme court of canada, we bring our collective expertise and commitment to excellence to bear on every case.













select










resources







all recentnews and eventsblog and features

















event/15 january 2025

natasha abraham presents an employment and human rights workshop with the muslim legal support centre
natasha abraham presents a virtual workshop on employment and human rights law. this free workshop i...




news/15 january 2025

celebrating excellence: stephen moreau honoured with the randall echlin award
we are thrilled to announce that stephen moreau has been awarded the prestigious randall echlin awar...




news/4 february 2025

new partner announcement
cavalluzzo llp is very pleased to announce that tyler boggs has joined our partnership. we wish him ...




news/16 january 2025

jackie esmonde, sydney lang, and clémence thabet appear at the court of appeal in the case about ontario place redevelopment
jackie esmonde, sydney lang, and clémence thabet appeared at the court of appeal representing a coal...















blog/28 october 2024

onca allows youth appeal of climate change charter challenge in mathur
on october 17, 2024, the onca released its decision in mathur v ontario, allowing an appeal brought by seven young climate rights litigants who argued...















event/15 january 2025

natasha abraham presents an employment and human rights workshop with the muslim legal support centre
natasha abraham presents a virtual workshop on employment and human rights law. this free workshop i...




news/4 february 2025

new partner announcement
cavalluzzo llp is very pleased to announce that tyler boggs has joined our partnership. we wish him ...




event/8 november 2024

patricia d'heureux teaches at etfo’s professional boundaries course
patricia d'heureux teaches at etfo’s professional boundaries course.




news/16 january 2025

jackie esmonde, sydney lang, and clémence thabet appear at the court of appeal in the case about ontario place redevelopment
jackie esmonde, sydney lang, and clémence thabet appeared at the court of appeal representing a coal...




news/15 january 2025

celebrating excellence: stephen moreau honoured with the randall echlin award
we are thrilled to announce that stephen moreau has been awarded the prestigious randall echlin awar...




event/17 december 2024

michelle thomarat presents at osgoode certificate in clinical risk, negligence & claims management in healthcare
michelle thomarat presents at osgoode certificate in clinical risk, negligence & claims management i...
















blog/28 october 2024

onca allows youth appeal of climate change charter challenge in mathur
on october 17, 2024, the onca released its decision in mathur v ontario, allowing an appeal brought by seven young climate rights litigants who argued...






blog/15 august 2024

understanding fixed-term employment contracts
pros, cons and what you should know
the purpose of this blog post is to review a special type of employment contract, known as a “fixed-term employment contract”, to which the usual rule...






blog/17 july 2024

parliament’s federal “anti-scab” bill: a step forward for organized labour
a summary of bill c-58
on may 27, 2024, the house of commons passed bill c-58, a bill banning federally regulated employers from using replacement workers during strikes/loc...












see all resources


















practice areas
our practice is varied – encompassing labour, public, pension, administrative, charter, civil and employment law, as well as professional regulation – but our dedication to superior advocacy is constant. 

learn more
















contact us
reach out to us today and we will put you in touch with the lawyer who can best meet your legal needs in a prompt and cost-effective manner.







contactus@cavalluzzo.com












p. 

416.964.1115



f. 

416.964.5895















474 bathurst street, suite 300
toronto, ontario m5t 2s6























law firm marketing
| cubicle fugitive





© 2019 cavalluzzo llp  all rights reserved  |  client service policy  |  privacy policy  | legal disclaimer






send request






