






holly lisle: writer – read with hunger, write with joy, live with passion

























































holly lisle: writer






homemy fictiontips and help for writersaboutmy writing classes (offsite)help desk (offsite)podcast (offsite)








holly lisle: writing, fiction, & discovery


about holly
there is no way to soften the blow of this and mom never liked euphemisms, so i’m just going to speak plainly. mom died due to complications from cancer on the 27th of august. yes, this was the cancer that she’d originally had that had gone into remission. she had been dealing with this for… 
november 8, 2024



on ohio, and the novels, and the new class
just small news here. the new class is finished in first draft, and i’m now (and for the first time ever) doing the complete course bug-hunt and clean-up before i put the course on sale. yes, it will take longer. but it will also guarantee that the class will be less first-time-through splintery. i’m still… 
october 16, 2023



and about the new secret writing course…
i discovered there were two essential lessons i left out. so i wrote them. and now they’re done. now i’m contemplating some sort of bonus for the course, but in the meantime, i’m going to be setting up the new classroom with the lessons, and getting everything ready to make the course available to students.… 
september 18, 2023


the secret writing class is finished… except for bonus course…
yesterday i finished the final lesson on the new writing course. so i’m taking today off, and relaxing. i’ll be thinking about the bonus course. i have several ideas, and i’ll be digging through the hollyswritingclasses.com forum for additional ideas. i have a specific topic — big course… bonus brainstorming — and if you’re a… 
september 8, 2023



finished through lesson 20 on the new secret writing class today
lesson and worksheet — took a couple of days on this one, but this was one of those strange sideways-thinking lessons that lets you get at parts of your story that are going to be unexpected and exciting for readers, and that will give you fresh perspectives soon your characters and world. like what i… 
august 29, 2023



just 6 more lessons to build on the new secret writing course
today went really, really well. finished the lesson (did most of it yesterday), and built out the worksheet today. i’ll be working light the rest of the week, because my best friend from high school is going to be in town for her reunion (she was a year ahead of me). so i’ll be sort… 
august 15, 2023


the money-grubbing asshat from berkeley
i do email first thing, and then last thing. and this morning, my first goddamn email was a notice from the berkeley humane society telling me that august is national make-a-will month, and offering me their personal estate planning kit so i could leave them all my money when i die. shitbags. this is pure… 
august 8, 2023



new secret big course: lesson 15 is started. and finished.
sat down. wrote. i knew what i wanted, i knew what i needed… and i love it when a plan comes together. damn! granted, i’m out of bed at 6 am, and hauling ass for five straight hours on just this one thing, so this project is not coming together out of magic and fairy… 
august 7, 2023



and lesson 14 is finished!
this one was tough, requiring a lot of thought on my part… but it should be a pretty simple lesson for writers to get the hang of. so tomorrow i’ll start on lesson 15, which from the subject matter i’m betting is going to be a whole lotta fun, not just to write, but to… 
august 3, 2023



secret course lesson 13 now done, worksheet has to wait until tomorrow
this particular lesson was tougher to break down into pieces — so it took me from 6 am until just now just to lay out the lesson, and then write it out. so now i have to stop, but i’ll come back in tomorrow, and do a read-through, and from that, figure out some ways… 
july 31, 2023



older posts→




got any book recommendations?		


				get in touch				










holly lisle: writer

		proudly powered by wordpress 










