



mandeno electronics(2015)ltd. online shop : sensors : components : instruments : cad peripherals

















19/02/2025 1744 items in database.



quick search 
search for: 
powered by 

benefits 

login greatly enhances the functionality of our web site. find out about the benefits of having an account.
 read more ...



check your account 

registered users can go to login page.
 login ...

high demand items 1. series tp pushbutton switch - alco switch pushbutton dpdt n.o. momentary 1a2. series tp pushbutton switch - alco switch pushbutton dpdt momentary  0.4a@28vdc3. series tp pushbutton switch - alco switch pushbutton dpdt momentary 0.4a4. series tp pushbutton switch - alco switch pushbutton spst n.o. momentary 0.4a5. series tp pushbutton switch - alco switch pushbutton dpdt momentary 1a




welcome to mandeno electronics (2015) ltd.last updated:11/02/2025searchable catalogues on this web sitesearch icons 
scanners and digitizerssystem productselobau machine safety systems and complimentary operator controls and sensors.canbus keypads. our services include small volume custom keypad logo/text design and engraving.canbus displays for all types of plant and machinery.
sensors and instrumentationoem sensors and componentsa comprehensive range of low cost pressure switches 100ma and 5amp switching.grayhill professional range of encoders, dip switches, pb, joysticks and elma knobs.a wide range of reed switchestds solenoids - open frame, tubular, latching, flapper and flow control. moq's apply.
product promotions:siko draw wire actuators - click image to read our new summary pagesiko sgh10 + new models sgh25, sgh50 - huge international successgrayhill - human control and informationthe human layer of every mobile canbus control system.features of our web sitecookies declarationthis web site creates encoded text cookies as follows:
a) a "search board" cookie synchronises items displayed with the search board parameters.
b) a "login" cookie encodes your last login details.
c) with "login" the "search board" cookie will recall your last product search.
these text cookies cannot be disabled and continuing to use the web site confirms you accept these beneficial cookies.
there are no 3rd party cookies on this web site.
the web site employs standard google analytics to provide us with data about the pages visited.web site features. the help file details the functions of this web site:
a) all prices are unit prices at the qty (such as 1-24pcs) indicated, in $nz, excluding 15% gst. (export gst is 0%) the shopping basket simultaneously supports  purchasing and  quotations, and the addition of local and overseas freight costs.
b) many sales items have variants. for example, the siko da09s digital position indicator has over 9000 variants available.  we use an "order code builder" on the da09s page (and many other products) to help create your application specific order code.   simply place the new order code into the shopping basket, complete all your contact detail and request an online quotation. an online reply will provide the price and lead time to manufacture and deliver your item.
click to experience the da09s order code builder


    click to compare all czur models @ czur.nzclick to compare all colortrac wide format scanners @colortrac.nzclick to order onlinesiko 2024 cataloguessiko 2024 popular range of mechanical and programmable position setting indicatorssiko 2024 systems to setup & monitor automated in-line production lines. siko 2024 battery systems for stand-a-lone and portable machines eg saw benches, drills, routers etc  siko 2024 sensors to visually monitor outdoor machines     siko 2024 sensors to automate and monitor outdoor machines  listening to your dam, your  foundations, your bridge?why not listen precision and silence?introducing the quiet expertise of columbia research labscrl short form catalogue - crl inertial products - 


 home :: catalogue search :: catalogue structure :: newsletter :: login :: contact us :: help site designed by thinkingmules© 2002- 2025 mandeno electronics(2015)ltd. all rights reserved. nz letters patent 525182




