
 

citizenhawk travel deal!





































best offer for citizen hawk userssave up to $30 off◊ our fees on flights with  promo code chawk30◊applies to bookings up to 5 travelers. learn more◊applies to bookings up to 5 travelers. book by feb 28, 2025. enter promo code at time of check out. the advertised promo code provides discounts against our service fees service fees on stated routes. a maximum of $6 per person can be saved by using this promo code; 5 passengers are needed to redeem the full value. promo code and instant savings offers can be combined up to the amount of our service fees service fees. excess savings will not be applied. promo code expires on date indicated and can be withdrawn at anytime without notice. our standard service fees are $35 per person one-way/roundtrip for economy class tickets.close [x]save up to $5 off◊ our fees on hotels with  promo code afhot◊applies to bookings above $70. learn more◊applies to bookings above $70. book by feb 28, 2025. enter promo code at time of check out. the advertised promo code provides discount against our service fees service fees on stated destinations and is in addition to any applicable instant savings offer. actual amount of discount will be up to the amount of the service fees service fees charged less any applicable instant savings. promo code expires on date indicated and can be withdrawn at anytime without notice.close [x]save up to $5 off◊ our fees on cars with  promo code afcar◊applies to all car rentals. learn more◊applies to all car rentals. book by feb 28, 2025. enter promo code at time of check out. the advertised promo code provides discounts against our service fees service fees on stated routes. promo code and instant savings offers can be combined up to the amount of our service fees service fees. excess savings will not be applied. promo code expires on date indicated and can be withdrawn at anytime without notice.close [x]save up to $5 off◊ our fees on vacation with  promo code afvac◊applies to all travel. learn more◊applies to all travel. book by feb 28, 2025. enter promo code at time of check out. the advertised promo code provides discounts against our service fees service fees on stated routes. promo code and instant savings offers can be combined up to the amount of our service fees service fees. excess savings will not be applied. promo code expires on date indicated and can be withdrawn at anytime without notice.close [x]







sign upfor special deals and discount, andsave up to  our feeswith an instant promo code!




by signing up, you agree to receive marketing emails from onetravel (fareportal). consent notice

you may exercise your right to object ('opt-out') at any time via the 'unsubscribe' link in each email. your email address will be transferred to our us data center pursuant to our eu-us and swiss-us privacy shield certification and processed by our marketing teams in the us and india. privacy policy
close [x]




  ◊  learn more



close [x] 




lp-popup-seo-r




					book now, pay over time!
					





here's why travelers choose onetravel




get great deals!
choose from 500+ airlines for low airfares!


price match promise
find low prices to destinations worldwide.


easy cancellations with onetravel
convenient self-service options available online.


expert guidance
get personalized assistance from our travel experts.













all
one way
round trip




* all fares above were last found on: . fares are one way or round trip as indicated above. fares incl. all fuel surcharges, taxes & fees  and our  service fees. displayed fares are based on historical data, are subject to change and cannot be guaranteed at the time of booking. see all booking terms and conditions. 







call us 24/7 at 1-646-738-4872 to get great deals!
	why to book with call center







personalized experience by our live agents


















immediate booking confirmation
























24-hour cancellation












flexible payment plans

what our customers say about our service?

submit a review



excellent | 4.43 stars
based on 8,273 reviews 







jan 10, 2025tonyjoy comes in the morninghad to take a last-minute trip due to a death in the family. everything was extremely crazy because of so many last-minute arrangements. but thank god for pointing me to "onetravel.com".  they helped turn what could have been a nightmare, into a one stop shopping masterpiece. everything was perfect going and coming home. i definitely plan on using them in the future and highly recommend.read more





dec 09, 2024elenalove it!it was great!read more





nov 21, 2024ferrisbesti have booked 3 trips on this web site i love itread moreuse citizenhawk? you get to save on your next booking!thinking about your next vacation or business trip? whatever reason you may be traveling for, you can enjoy a healthy discount on your booking with the code chawk30. what are you waiting for? book now!
















need help booking? our agents are ready! choose from over 500 airlines.
call us 24/7 at  1-646-738-4863








 

aff-flights-lp-cobrandeddki



