
















cactus business report








































































cactus business report






























































































thursday, february 8, 2018








hercules dj control instinct p8 review







a few months back we looked at the hercules p32 advance dj controller in combination with the djuced 40 software.this time it's the same software with the much simpler dj control instinct p8, a software/hardware entry-level hybrid djing package priced around £100.to sum up, djuced 40° is a simple and effective four-channel affair with optional tempo-syncing, a handy 2x 16-slot loop-playing function (with a decent loopmasters library) and some nice dj-centric effects. it's not traktor pro, but it's no slouch either, and far better than its name suggests.instinct p8 is a two mix-channel controller/soundcard with three band rotary eqs, stereo phono output, minijack headphone monitoring, two firm channel faders, cross-fader, a push-button browser dial and load buttons, sync, cue and play buttons.there's also a four pad multicoloured led backlit performance section for each channel, allowing control over fx, loop lengths, cue points and sample/loop triggering. it can act as a midi controller for other software too but this will probably be a fairly niche bonus for most users. so far, so good: nothing amazing but totally functional and as well-constructed as you could expect at this price.finally we have two impossible-to-miss wheels with pressure sensitivity allowing pitchbend, track- scrolling and, ahem, 'scratching'.featuring a colour scheme like a '90s naf naf shell suit, these wheels are our main bugbear. as long as such tiny jog wheels have featured on dj controllers we have claimed they're a waste of space. you cannot scratch meaningfully on something that small, it's easy to skip through tracks using buttons and if you're using this kind of controller you're unlikely to beat-match manually (even if you are, nudge buttons would be at least as effective).these wheels are added because they look the part to a certain type of buyer; and people must keep buying them as manufacturers keep adding them.
the p8 is not a terrible product by any means, and if you just want to play a few tracks at a party or event it's more than capable, but for me there are too many better options at this price range (including just using some dj software on an ipad or laptop) and the jog wheels are so gimmicky, that we can't really recommend it.



also see: numark turntables review 





posted by



unknown




at

7:17 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
numark turntables











wednesday, october 25, 2017








drobo b810n review









drobo has announced the b810n, a hybrid storage system based on the company’s beyondraid technology, which is leveraged in most other drobo storage solutions. featuring hybrid storage and data aware tiering, the company indicates that b810n is 5x faster than its predecessor and offers users advanced automation and technical features. drobo has also designed their new hybrid storage solution to be accessible as possible, making it ideal for home offices, and small and medium-sized businesses and even those looking for a home entertainment hub. 

drobo has built the b810n to simplify and consolidate both physical and virtual storage in a single array with the ability to scale both capacity and performance on-demand. this makes way for improved work collaboration, creative workflows, and allows users to set up an advanced home entertainment system with personal media libraries.

hybrid storage and tiering 

the drobo b810n offers an efficient mix of high-capacity hdds and high performance ssds, as they automatically collaborate together for both read and write acceleration. to achieve this, drobo indicates that it intelligently differentiates between streaming and transactional data to enable an instantaneous and intelligent data tiering. as a result, this can increase overall performance by guiding transactional data (e.g. hot data) to the ssds. as a user changes their patterns in data access, the b810n will automatically reallocate the data between the hdds and ssds to maximize performance.

the drobo b810n is equipped with several new features in data protection including:
battery-backed cache and eusb, both of which will protect data that has not yet written to disk from loss in the sudden event of power failure or other type of malfunction. 
active background data scrubbing, which intermittently verifies all user data and metadata, and regularly searches and repairs corruption and inconsistencies. in addition, the cache pre-heat functionality provides recovery after power failure of cache metadata saved to disk. 
the beyondraid technology protects users’ data without any intervention, even when multiple drive failures occur. as such, users can switch from single to dual disk redundancy with a single click, giving them enterprise-level dual parity data protection. if a drive somehow fails, the drobo solution will automatically return the data to a protected state without intervention or disruption. 





posted by



unknown




at

2:57 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
drobo b810n











tuesday, august 29, 2017








featured review: aukey quick charge 3.0 dual-port wall adapter







one of the most sought after features in smartphones in 2016 is going to be quick charge 3.0. with more and more smartphones doing away with removable batteries – although lg did keep it, and you can rest assured that they will promote that feature quite often on the lg g5 – technology like quick charge 3.0 is going to be a big deal. quick charge 1.0 and 2.0 were already big deals in the past few years, and quick charge 3.0 is even better. this new standard can charge your smartphone even faster than before, giving you about 3a to charge up your smartphone. you can go from 0 to 80% in about 35 minutes, which is a pretty insane feat when you think about it.now that we have devices available that support aukey quick charge 3.0, it’s time to start taking a look at chargers that can charge at 3a and are certified for quick charge 3.0. which includes aukey’s dual-port wall charger here. making it a pretty important charger, especially where most quick charge phones don’t come with a quick charge compatible charger in the box. so in order to take full advantage of the new technology, customers are forced to go out and buy one. maybe this aukey quick charge 3.0 wall charger will be the right one to buy.this charger can output 3a in each port. what’s interesting here is that while both ports do use quick charge 3.0, they also use aukey’s proprietary aipower technology. aipower is a way for your phone to get as much current as it can handle without damaging the device. you can think of it as talking with the charger and saying “okay, i can only handle 2a” and it only gives your device 2a of current. this is good for those that don’t have quick charge 3.0 in their devices, or may have a device that doesn’t have quick charge 3.0, like the samsung galaxy s6. like other quick charge chargers, this one does in fact work with earlier versions of quick charge  as well as conventional charging. so if you have a device, like the nexus 9, that doesn’t have any form of fast charging, you can still charge it without damaging your device.when i took this charger out of the box, the first thing i thought was how large this wall adapter is. we reviewed their quick charge 2.0 wall adapter last year. however that had just one port, not two. on top of that, quick charge 2.0 didn’t use as much power as quick charge 3.0. more power means it needs more space, which is why the adapter is quite a bit larger. it’s still fairly lightweight, so you can easily throw it into your bag when traveling, without any issues. however, the prongs do not fold down which can be an issue for some. it’s not necessarily a deal-breaker, it just means you’ll need to be more careful when traveling with this one. the last thing you’d want to do is bend one of the prongs on this charger.design-wise, there’s not much here. it’s basically just a black brick wall adapter that is curved on the left and right sides. it’s in matte black, which is actually a nice color, as it doesn’t get disgusting looking from fingerprints. although that’s not much of an issue with wall chargers as it would be with a smartphone or tablet. it’s a pretty plain looking charger here. nothing really stands out, in terms of logos or fcc information. it is all there, but it’s in black, so it’s not standing out that much. when you pick up this charger though, it definitely feels like something sturdy and made of quality. not like it could be damaged easily, but something that will last quite a long time.while this charger is wider and lengthier than most other chargers, it doesn’t cover up other wall outlets. this is important because covering up another outlet could be a deal breaker for many. especially those that are already struggling to find an empty outlet in their home or office, where this charger might end up. and because it is wider, it means that it won’t hinder the use of other outlets, even on a surge protector.we used this charger with the nexus 6p for about a week, and we’re pretty satisfied with how it charged our device. using a usb type-a to a type-c cable, the charger charged about as fast as you’d expect. it was about the same speed as our oem charger from google, as well as the other chargers we’ve used from tronsmart and aukey. we were unable to test out quick charge 3.0 speeds, since we don’t have a quick charge 3.0 device in house. but it will work with the samsung galaxy s7, galaxy s7 edge and lg g5, all of which were announced at mobile world congress and are now available (the lg g5 is on pre-order at some carriers and retailers  and will be available at the beginning of april). as mentioned earlier on, if you have a device that doesn’t support quick charge 3.0 you can still use this charger to charge it. and that is completely true. we used it with the nexus 6p, and for kicks, the sony xperia z3 which does support quick charge 2.0. both charged at normal speed without getting any warmer than usual when using a method of fast or quick charging.on the safety side of things, this charger does have a bit more power than other chargers do (that aren’t quick charge 3.0), but aukey does have a number of safeguards in place here so that your phone, tablet, or whatever you are charging doesn’t overcharge, overheat, or worse, catch on fire. so when it comes to safety, there’s nothing to worry about here with the aukey quick charge 3.0 dual-port wall adapter. you can use it to charge anything (even the google chromebook pixel if you have a usb type-a to type-c cable) without any issues.aukey has this wall charger available on amazon for $24.99. now, that may sound like a lot for a wall charger, but one thing to remember here is that your conventional wall charger doesn’t have as much power inside, which requires more circuitry, not to mention certification from qualcomm. at $25, this aukey quick charge 3.0 wall charger is actually one of the cheaper models available on amazon right now. and it’ll work perfect for your galaxy s7, galaxy s7 edge, htc one a9 or your lg g5. we’d definitely recommend this to anyone picking up a quick charge 3.0 device, or just want to get a future-proof charger these days. aukey does also have a number of other quick charge 3.0 accessories available, which you can take a look at here.





posted by



unknown




at

11:07 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
aukey quick charge 3.0











friday, july 28, 2017








which sort of attachment and tissue system would be best for the building?





which sort of attachment and tissue system would be best for the building?

many things determine the ideal system for a particular building. for most buildings, there are a number of options and advantages that will need to be weighed against the facility's mission statement. the decision should not be made only on the grounds of price. other significant factors for membranes are building elevation, wind exposure, expected roof repair bronx traffic, and aesthetics.



the attachment system also is dependent upon the specific building's attributes. if the roof repair bronx ny deck is able to withstand the weight, a ballasted cement sidewalk repair may be the most suitable choice. however if the slope of the concrete sidewalk repair is higher than 2 inches every foot, then this system might not be appropriate. there are additional limitations to ballasted systems, for example, concrete sidewalk height, proximity to shorelines along with other large wind zones, and the access to a ballast.
a wood or steel deck which readily accepts fasteners makes a great substrate for a mechanically fastened membrane. these systems are designed to offer the necessary resistance to known wind forces and aren't subject to pitch constraints.

another choice is that the fully adhered system, in which the membrane is connected to the prepared substrate using a specified adhesive. based on the membrane, the glue may be solvent- or water-based or asphalt. the final surface of a stuck roofing bronx ny is smooth.

for those concerned with constructing aesthetics, colored membranes can make an appealing contribution to the building's look.

does all roofing contractors bronx ny material delivered to the job site bear the ul label?

otherwise, specify that it must. here is the only way you can guarantee that the roofing contractors in bronx new york materials installed on your roofers bronx are the same materials analyzed by underwriter's laboratories. additionally, be sure that the bronx roofing contractors assembly you purchase or define, which comprises the insulation, is ul-classified and -tagged. using an insulation besides that which was tested using the roofing bronx membrane may void the ul classification. when the ul building materials directory does not record the bronx roofing company system you're sold, insist on verification of the classification in the form of a photocopy of the ul's letter of acceptance.

make sure that the product you are getting is the true product that was analyzed. you do not want something that's similar but not equal. start looking for the label on the job site and be certain all elements of this system were tested together. you want the membrane tested with all the insulating material that you are using on your building.





posted by



unknown




at

10:06 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
bronx roofing company,
concrete sidewalk repair,
roof repair bronx,
roof repair bronx ny,
roofers bronx,
roofing contractors bronx ny











wednesday, july 5, 2017








amazon fire tv stick review





even the amazon fire tv rod is just another in a growing line of cable cutting edge alternatives for people who wish to market their cable bill. we ended directv 18 months back and also the amazon fire stick for sale changed lots of the material we see as we are amazon prime members. this amazon fire stick for sale inspection shares our experience utilizing the gadget.

the amazon fire stick for sale is really the second of 2 streaming choices by amazon. they introduced the amazon fire tvas a set top box which flows content and prices $89. here is our amazon fire tv review should you would rather a set-top box choice with a couple more updates.

what comes with the fire tv stick?

even the fire tv stick is unbelievably simple to use. as you can see in the image below, it comes in a tiny box in amazon and comprises the following things:

fire tv stick
remote
usb cable
power saver
hdmi cable
batteries
quick start guide
it is not just simple to use, it is very straightforward to establish. we have had bad encounters in the previous set up wireless routers along with other parts of technologies that promise to be simple to install but need us to devote one hour or two on your telephone with a customer support representative in malaysia to operate properly. the amazon fire stick free channels has been the complete reverse.

you simply take the amazon fire stick jailbroken for sale from the box, then set the batteries from the remote and connect the usb cable to your dongle and then for your tv. i really advocate, as does amazon, to plug it into a nearby socket as they supply updates that you won't get in the event that you merely plug the rod to the tv. do remember that the cable is a somewhat brief; mercifully, we've got a socket within reach.

after i got that the amazon fire stick unlocked from the box we had been seeing a movie in five minutes. actually, the time possibly could be this, however, amazon has a brief intro movie that walks you through how to us it too as a choice to register to amazon prime if you are not a part.

instead, amazon will enable one to register for a free 30-day trial of prime by simply buying the amazon fire stick for sale if that is something that you wish to think about.

fire stick features

if you would like to reduce the cable, attributes will be a significant item for you. as a whole, the amazon fire stick fully loaded doesn't fail when it comes to attributes. the very first thing most are worried about are the stations you get. here's a listing of the stations available via the amazon fire stick hack:

netflix
crackle
hbo now
view espn
view hgtv
cbs allaccess
view food network
bbc news
hulu
disney junior
mlb tv premium
showtime
hulu plus
a&e
youtube
vimeo
iheart radio
spotify
background channel
nba game time
pbs kids
bloomberg tv
huff post live
and, of course, amazon prime movies
i'll add the hbo currently attribute does cost $15 a month, even though they do provide a totally free 30-day trial to check it out. we have added it because cutting the cable and it functions terrific. amazon also recently included showtime and starz along with other add-on attributes for $8.99 a month if you enjoy those stations.



furthermore, if you are looking for a no-contract cable choice, check out directv's brand new support in my directv currently review. a no-contract cable alternative, receive a completely free 7-day trial of directv today to view the way the service works for you personally.

the amazon prime program is the only program that's packed in the amazon fire stick kodi, although including others is comparatively straightforward. you may also add different programs through the amazon app shop if you prefer, and it is rather straightforward to perform.

past the stations you'll be able to see, the amazon fire stick with kodi also has numerous matches you may play but most need that the amazon fire tv game control, to perform with them.

having utilized the amazon fire stick jailbroken for 2 decades now i would say you do not want to have a prime fund to purchase and utilize it. yes, it will add to the characteristics clearly, but there are loads of alternatives available throughout the conventional apps and people accessible through the amazon app shop -- you're still able to access items such as netflix, hulu along with your amazon video library.

i have never used some of those other similar choices out there enjoy the roku, however, here's a visual on the amazon website that covers the gaps in what each provides to receive a taste of the way the amazon fire stick jailbroken with kodi stands outside.





posted by



unknown




at

10:25 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
amazon fire stick for sale,
amazon fire stick hack,
amazon fire stick jailbroken,
amazon fire stick kodi











monday, june 19, 2017








installing and maintaining a home solar electric system









when choosing a contractor, ask about their work record, experience, and licenses, and get more than one bid for the installation of your pv system.
making sure your home solar electric or photovoltaic (pv) system is sized, sited, installed, and maintained correctly is essential for maximizing its energy performance. when installing a pv system,( for example: renogy 150 watt solar panel ) consider:



how much sun you have (solar resource)
how big the system needs to be to meet your electricity needs
where the system will be located and how much room it needs (system siting)
whether you want your system to be connected to the grid or not
what needs to be done to ensure that the system is safe.

therefore, it's best to have a professional solar contractor install the system. when choosing a contractor, ask yourself the following questions:


has the company installed grid-connected pv systems? if not, has it installed grid-independent (or stand-alone) pv systems? experience in installing grid-connected systems is valuable because some elements of the installation -- particularly interconnection with the local utility—are unique to these systems. however, a competent company with off-grid pv experience should not be eliminated just because it has not yet installed grid-connected pv systems. experience with off-grid systems is valuable too, because grid-independent systems are more technically complex than grid-tied systems.
how many years of experience does the company have installing pv systems? a contractor who has been in business a long time probably understands how to work with customers and to compete effectively with other firms. additionally, he/she will probably be aware of the latest code and permitting issues surrounding the installation of pv systems.
is the company properly licensed or certified? pv systems should be installed by an appropriately licensed contractor. this usually means that either the installer or a subcontractor has an electrical contractor's license. your state electrical board can tell you whether a contractor has a valid electrician's license.


local building departments might also require that the installer have a general contractor's license. call the city or county where you live for additional information on licensing.
a solar rebate program may require that, in addition to being properly licensed, installers must demonstrate that they have special knowledge about installing pv systems. special knowledge can be demonstrated through certification by solar industry and/or trade associations.
does the company have any pending or active judgments or liens against it? as with any project that requires a contractor, due diligence is recommended. your state electrical board can tell you about any judgments or complaints against a state-licensed electrician. consumers should call the city and county where they live for information on how to evaluate contractors. the better business bureau is another source of information.

it is always a good idea to get more than one bid for the installation of your pv system. make sure that all bids are made on the same basis. for example, a bid for a system mounted on the ground is usually very different from another bid for a rooftop system.

similarly, some pv modules  generate more electricity per square foot than others. bids should clearly state the maximum generating capacity of the system -- measured in watts (w) or kilowatts (kw). if possible, have the bids specify the system capacity in "ac watts" (alternating current) under a standard set of test conditions, or specify the output of the system at the inverter. also request an estimate of the amount of energy that the system will produce on an annual basis (measured in kilowatt-hours).

because the amount of energy depends on the amount of sunlight -- which varies by location, season, and year to year -- it's unlikely the contractor will quote a specific figure, but a range of 20% is realistic. bids also should include the total cost of getting the pv system up and running, including hardware, installation, connection to the grid, permitting, sales tax, and warranty.

your warranty is also a very important factor for evaluating bids. a solar rebate program may require that systems be covered by a two-year parts-and-labor written installation warranty, for example, in addition to any manufacturers' warranties on specific components (including inverter and module warranties). the installer may offer longer warranties. also ask yourself, "will this company stand behind the full-system warranty for the next two years?"
maintaining your home solar electric system

as with any mechanical or electrical appliance, pv systems require routine, periodic maintenance. system components may also need repair or replacement from time to time.

an efficient and long-lasting system will depend on a periodic check of system components and completion of any preventive maintenance as necessary. talk with your system installer about routine and periodic maintenance. in the event of a system malfunction, effective troubleshooting and repair is necessary.

you may be able to carry out many routine inspections and maintenance tasks yourself. if, however, you are not the do-it-yourself type, or if there is a major problem with your system, you will need to locate a professional to do the work.
sizing your home solar electric system

accurately sizing the components of your solar electric or pv system helps ensure that your system will produce the amount of power you want it to produce. this is especially important for stand-alone systems, which are not connected to the electricity grid. because pv is modular, you can always add to your solar energy collector should you need more power down the road.

first, consider what portion of your current electricity needs you would like your pv system to meet. for example, suppose that you would like to meet a certain percentage of your electricity needs with your pv system. you could work with your pv provider to examine past electric bills and determine the size of the pv system needed to achieve that goal. you can contact your utility company and request the total electricity usage, measured in kilowatt-hours, for your household or business over the past 12 months or consult your electric bills if you save them.

if you reduce your electricity loads, you can generally buy a smaller, less expensive pv system.

in addition to how much electricity you'd like to generate, the size of your system also depends on these factors:
the site's solar resource or available sunlight
the system's orientation and tilt
the system's efficiency at converting sunlight to electricity
other electricity sources, like a utility, a wind turbine, or a fossil fuel generator.

pv systems are classified by their rated power output (the peak power they produce when exposed to solar radiation of 1,000 watts per square meter at a module temperature of 25°c). systems rated between 1 and 5 kilowatts are generally sufficient to meet most of the needs of home and small business owners.

the table below provides an estimate of the roof area needed for several systems. your system supplier/installer can make, or help you make, more precise calculations at your site before you purchase a system.



siting your small solar electric system

both the orientation and tilt of your solar panels or pv modules will affect the output of your solar electric system. you and your contractor should consider both factors while evaluating your site's solar resource and sizing your system.
orientation

pv modules should be oriented geographically to maximize the amount of daily and seasonal solar energy that they receive. in general, the optimum orientation for a pv module in the northern hemisphere is true south. however, your modules can face up to 45 degrees east or west of true south without significantly decreasing its performance.

if you plan to mount the modules on your roof, you'll also want to consider these factors:


roof orientation and condition
local landscape features that shade the collector daily or seasonally
local weather conditions (foggy mornings or cloudy afternoons) that may affect the optimal orientation and subsequent electricity production of the pv modules.

to be eligible for some rebates, your system must be unshaded between certain hours during certain times of the year. some states also have laws that establish your right to protect your solar access through the creation of a solar easement.

if a rooftop can't be used, your solar modules can also be placed on the ground, either on a fixed mount or a "tracking" mount that follows the sun to orient the pv modules.
tilt

most pv modules are mounted flat on the roof, and so have the same tilt as the roof. although the optimal tilt angle for your modules is an angle equal to your latitude, fixing the pv modules flat on an angled roof is generally not a problem. however, because most roofs are pitched at an angle less than the latitude, you and your contractor will need to factor your roof angle into the performance calculations when sizing your system.






posted by



unknown




at

7:37 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
renogy 150 watt solar panel,
solar electric system











wednesday, march 8, 2017








with the speedy tuesday, buying watches online gets sophisticated













when invicta launched
its speedy tuesday model in january — its first watch sold directly to
consumers online — the full run of 2,012 was snapped up in just over four
hours. sample the ft’s top stories for a week you select the topic, we deliver
the news. select topic enter email addressinvalid email sign up by signing up
you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie
policy and privacy policy. 



while the name refers to vintage invicta’s watches, it is also apt for the haste with which buyers
pounced on the timepiece — and for a fast-growing trend in a traditionally
cautious industry: selling luxury watches online.



online luxury watch
sales — estimated at just over 3 per cent of the watch market, or around
€1.1bn, in 2016 — remain a small part, says john guy, a luxury analyst and
managing director at mainfirst bank.



but this is double its
share from three years ago, according to mr guy, and the past year has seen
several high-end brands continue to expand digitally: jaeger-lecoultre and
cartier joined the uk’s the watch gallery online, which has 12,000 visitors a
day. in its first six months on the site, cartier sold more pieces there than
on cartier.com, says the watch gallery chairman david coleridge. and in may,
luxury conglomerate lvmh will launch an ecommerce site for all its brands.



direct online selling is
the “new way of talking to consumers”, says invicta chief executive raynald
aeschlimann, who adds that he felt “quite sure” about the success of the speedy
tuesday — a watch that, pre-launch, “not even a lot of people within invicta
had seen”.












posted by



unknown




at

3:27 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















must-read publications for entrepreneurs


the lingo of the valley
get it fast


get answers from the accelerators


learn from growth


play up your policy knowledge


socialize your day


blogging to success


channeling business knowledge






blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2018

(1)





        ▼ 
      



february

(1)

hercules dj control instinct p8 review










        ► 
      



2017

(8)





        ► 
      



october

(1)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(2)







        ► 
      



june

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(2)






























































awesome inc. theme. theme images by billnoll. powered by blogger.
























