home | duke access and accommodation servicesskip to mainduke access and accommodation servicesmenucloseaction menuutility menuduke access and accommodation servicesprimary navigationloading...accommodations, accessibility, assistancerequest an accommodationhomeplease note: due to inclement weather, daas will be working remotely from wednesday february 19th - friday february 21, 2025. the onsite office will be closed during those days, and will return onsite as soon as possible, weather permitting. 
duke access and accommodation services (formerly disability management system) provides leadership to the university and university health system efforts to ensure an accessible, hospitable working and learning environment for people with disabilities while ensuring compliance with federal and state regulations. we serve as a centralized clearinghouse on disability-related information, procedures and services. 
duke access and accommodation services department, is located at 1121 w. main street, in the bevan (old coca cola) building.  the office is open to the public from 8:30 am - 4:30 pm. we encourage you to schedule an appointment, but we can try to meet with anyone who drops in. studentsemployeesvisitors & patientsloading...service & assistance animalsduke is committed to providing an open and accessible environment to all members of the duke community. this includes welcoming service and assistance animals that are assisting individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable laws.service & assistance animalsloading...convert a documentfollow four easy steps to have your document converted into an alternative, accessible format. the result is delivered in your email inbox. you may upload one or more files, enter a url to a file, or simply type in the text you wish to have converted.convert a documentloading...accessible event planninghaving a disability should not prevent anyone from participating in duke events. find guidance and resources to help you host an accessible event, including preparing for and handling requests for disability accommodations and modifications.accessible event planningloading...web accessibilityduke's web accessibility website is designed to help people at duke understand web accessibility requirements, duke's guidelines, and how to meet those standards. you'll find web accessibility definitions and terms, how to assess a website, how to fix problems, and where to get help.web accessibilityloading...upcoming training & eventsthe duke access and accommodation services (formerly disability management system) provides, co-hosts, and sponsors events and training opportunities to educate the duke community about how to better work with and serve individuals with disabilities. in addition to on-demand training videos, daas has a regular lunch-and-learn series.upcoming training & eventsloading...duke athletics: game day informationduke athletics and duke university welcome all persons with disabilities to our campus and athletic events. venue-specific information about available accessibility accommodations at our facilities is available by sport. game day guidesreport a facility access issueplease notify us if you have an access concern about any part of the duke university campus or duke university health system facilities.  this includes access into or around any of the buildings as well as paths, crosswalks and parking lots.report a facility access issuecampus access advisoriesthere are no project items to show.see all campus access advisories duke access and accommodation services1121 west main streetbevan (coca-cola) buildingdurham, nc  27701daas@duke.edu919-668-1267staff contact informationfax: (919) 668-3977 |

tty: (919) 668-1329 |

nc relay: dial 7-1-1copyright © 2025 duke universityaccessibilityprivacy statement

