














sussman architectural products llc – custom windows ny | metal bending | church windows














































































home
our story
windows

overview
church windows

6400 series

6440 series
6450 series


300 series

400 series




custom architectural windows

4200 series

4240 series


2400 series

2440 series


200x series

240x series




stained glass protection windows
interior windows


aluminum extrusions

overview
the 10 series
the 20 series
the 100 series
the 200x series
h series
accessories


metal bending
gallery
contact us




















 











family owned and run since 1906, sussman architectural products llc is the oldest and largest manufacturer of custom windows and special aluminum extrusions for the stained and leaded art glass trade. we have the industry’s largest selection of specialized church window systems (for stained and/or protection glass). we can supply you with the product you need at the price you want. with over 100 years of experience and many thousands of successful installations worldwide you can be assured of fine quality, fast service and competitive pricing.










custom church windows
sussman architectural products church window frames are specially designed to receive both stained glass and protective glass in the same frame for maximum protection as well as insulation from cold and sound.  exterior protection glass can be installed at time of erection and the stained glass can be installed at the owner’s convenience..










custom architectural windows
sussman architectural products manufacturers historic/replication windows and concealed ventilator windows as well as standard projected ventilators, casements and fixed windows. sussman architectural products windows can be produced in virtually any shape or size, with or without thermal breaks and with true or applied muntins.  visit our custom windows page for more information!










stained glass protection
sussman architectural products can manufacture custom shaped windows to cover, protect and conserve existing stained glass windows and their frame.  protective windows can be vented and shaped to preserve the architectural integrity of the existing stained glass church window.










aluminum extrusions 
these aluminum extrusions are available to qualified glazing contractors and stained glass professionals for protective coverings of existing stained glass windows and for interior stained glass windows.











metal bending
with our expertise in aluminum bending, we have the ability to curvemost architectural systems as well as bending of handrails, lighting fixtures, signs, shower doors, furniture and a host of other products for numerous industries.










visit our gallery
visit our project gallery to see hundreds of examples of custom windows work by sussman architectural products we have galleries encapsulating the metro new york area, the northeast, south, midwest and west of the united states, as well as an international gallery.







we are truly green
in 2010 sussman architectural products installed a solar photovoltaic array to offset 100% of its electrical energy load.  the array is composed of 546 schott panels and 1 satcom powergate plus 100 kilowatt inverter. it produces a peak power outlet of 125.58 killowatts of direct current and was designed to produce 143,027 kilowatt-hours of electricity annually.






in the news

custom windows shed light on renovated church – glass digest 8/2000
driven by the sun – solar glazing magazine 11/2011
it’s now j. sussman & sun – ny daily news 9/2010
up on the roof – queens press 12/2010






























downloads
resources
press
leed and sustainable design
employment/careers







						© sussman architectural products llc 2020 | all rights reserved					


























