home - jewish community relations council | jcrcresourcesnewsroomcontact us/who we are/what we do/join us/support jcrcdonatewho we arewhat we dojoin ussupport jcrcdonatewe are
jcrc jewish community relations counciljewish identity and antisemitism trainingthe jcrc bay area here i am training provides tools for recognizing antisemitism and gaining a deeper understanding of jewish identity.
learn morefeatured initiativescivil discoursejcrc bay area envisions an inclusive jewish community where people from across the political spectrum can meaningfully discuss challenging topics, and inspire and empower one another, leading to a stronger and more vital jewish community. launched in 2011, the year of civil discourse (ycd) initiative was designed to elevate the level of discourse when discussing… continue reading civil discourse
read moredemocracy initiativethe jewish american community has benefited from a strong and healthy democracy because democratic systems and norms provide proven protection against the discriminations that too often target racial, religious and ethnic minority communities. but those systems that have provided us haven are currently under duress. these challenges have been thrown into sharp relief by current… continue reading democracy initiative
read morelegislative agendajcrc has served for decades as the largest collective voice of bay area jews, advocating for policies in pursuit of a more just world where jewish identity is embraced and all people thrive. jcrc relentlessly advocates for legislation advancing jewish inclusion in civic life and public education, reversing the rise in antisemitism, and ensuring community… continue reading legislative agenda
read morebay area network of jewish officialsbay area network of jewish officials (banjo) is a partnership between jcrc bay area and jewish elected officials from our area. active since 2021, banjo was formally launched on november 21, 2022. at the time of its official launch date, banjo already included more than 50 jewish elected officials from across the nine counties of… continue reading bay area network of jewish officials
read moreisrael seminarsfor over 20 years, the jcrc bay area israel seminars have brought more than 300 rising stars in government and civic leadership – people who often go on to become household names, like u.s. vice president kamala harris, california governor gavin newsom, and san francisco mayor london breed. on our trip, these community leaders and… continue reading israel seminars
read moreeducation initiativejcrc’s education initiative ensures fair and equitable treatment for jewish—and all students—in our k-12 public schools. jcrc does this by investing in building relationships with district leadership that will lead to positive long-term outcomes for jewish families. when antisemitism encroaches into educational spaces, jcrc acts, helping to create inclusive classrooms where jewish students feel safe… continue reading education initiative
read moreinvest in peaceinvest in peace is an initiative to support the self-determination of palestinians and israelis, dedicated to championing efforts on the ground that move these societies towards a shared future of coexistence and prosperity. we believe that the best way to end violence in the middle east is to help create people-to-people partnerships among palestinians and… continue reading invest in peace
read morehere i amjcrc launched “here i am” in 2021 to amplify the diverse voices of bay area jews and increase public recognition of how the recent surge in antisemitism affects our community. here i am training – based on what we’ve learned through this effort, jcrc has also developed a contemporary and engaging jewish identity and antisemitism… continue reading here i am
read morewho we arejcrc bay area is the largest collective voice of the jewish community across san francisco, the peninsula, marin, sonoma, napa, alameda, contra costa and santa clara counties. we advocate for jews to live authentically jewish lives and…learn morewhat we dojcrc bay area convenes, educates, and acts on behalf of the bay area jewish community. as a convener of leaders and communities, jcrc bay area fosters partnerships, provides meaningful educational and engagement opportunities, and buil…learn moresupport your 
communityyour investment in jcrc bay area advances our work creating a more just world where jewish identity is embraced and all people thrive.donate nowjcrc foundersjcrc founders are donors who give $100,000+ annually. learn more about our jcrc giving levels here.

donatewho we arewhat we dojoin ussupport jcrcnewsroomresourcescontactjoin our communityfirst namelast namee mailsubmitjewish community
relations councilof san francisco, the peninsula, marin, sonoma, alameda
and contra costa counties
copyright © jcrc 2025. all rights reserved.tickets for jcrc's freedom seders are now on sale!join us in san francisco or san jose as we build bridges, take action, and tackle key issues in our bay area community – from civil rights to combating hate.
learn more

