





the lulu foundation | lulubelle books




















































































 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentthe lulu foundation | lulubelle booksthe lulu foundation inspires hope and healing that can change the way you see the world. through donations and purchases, we strive to empower girls and women. home
 lulu’s legacy site
 contact us

lulu belle books

about us
shop lulu
galleries
inspirations

 home
 about us
 shop
 galleries
 lulu’s inspirations
 lulu’s legacy site
 contact us
lulubelle books

video id not provided: please check your shortcode.video id not provided: please check your shortcode.

welcome to the lulu foundation!
through your generous donations and purchases of products and books we:

donate and mail thousands of books of hope to individuals, organizations and schools.
provide funding for the olivia lynn pyne scholarship fund, helping young women become doctor’s of the future.[ learn more. ]
provide funding to help rescue dogs, (in loving memory of belle pyne) because animals help us heal too. 
donate to gifts to give. [ learn more. ]
healing arts practitioner[ learn more. ]




sometimes the smallest of things take up the most room in our hearts”… winnie the pooh

lulu loved life, she was joyous… we hope to spread some of that!


many many moons ago, before our time of great sorrow, i painted this little indian girl, of course she reminds me of lulu and my momma too… and while she seems rather sad and her world seems rather grey… she holds in her hand a little seed of hope and it carries her through time… time and time again!

visit https://fineartamerica.com/art/gretchan for beautiful products created from gretchan’s art.





bella english’s article about lulu in the may 2006 issue of ladies home journal!



abc news original report – (good morning america)



gretchan with jack canfield co-author of chicken soup for the soul.







shop online now!




learn more below:
                                                      
the olivia lynn pyne scholarship fund, helping young women become doctor’s of the future. [ learn more. ]

contact us today for more information!
 




 www.lulubellebooks.com
© 2025 the lulu belle foundation &  lulu belle books



 angels@lulubellbooks.com




 










 home about us shop galleries lulu’s inspirations lulu’s legacy site contact us






















