













the movie report - movie reviews since 1995 - themoviereport.com

















































    















 the latest reviews from...






 also new/updated























































robot dreams  

don't let the simplicity of the art style and plot fool you: pablo berger's masterful adaptation of sara varon's wordless graphic novel is as profound, poignant, and at once devastating and downright joyous as cinema gets.
  
rez ball   

the underdog sports movie beats may be common, but the heart, conviction, and the authentic and specific cultural perspective of sydney freeland's rousing native american basketball drama are most certainly not.
  
kalki 2898 ad   

nag ashwin's star-studded science fiction epic is an immersive, involving spectacle that gradually builds momentum -- and investment -- in what could be an even more rewarding film franchise future.
  
a quiet place: day one   

the location is new, but the basic mechanics of this sci-fi horror prequel are not -- not that it's a bad thing, since incoming director michael sarnoski and a cast led by lupita nyong'o sell the scares and tension as if they were completely fresh.
  
umro ayyar: a new beginning 

pakistan's first attempt at a superhero saga shows promise, but all the pieces don't quite completely come together -- yet, at least.
  
twisted hearts 

charm is the ultimate key to any romantic comedy, and whatever formula beats are covered here, the easygoing appeal, especially by way of the film's cast, is hard to deny nor resist.
  
fly me to the moon   

scarlett johansson and channing tatum's combined star power and a clever, and even subversive, historical fiction conceit makes greg berlanti's period rom-com achieve liftoff.
  
bad boys: ride or die  

while not the high water mark that was 2020's third franchise installment, the ever-magnetic pair of will smith and martin lawrence and returning directors adil & bilall still know how to deliver an irresistible summertime splash of action and comedy.
  

shooting stars 





b l o g u p d a t e s









s o c i a l m e d i a u p d a t e s





tweets by twotrey23 










please pardon our dust...

there was a major site
server outage due to a
recurring website malware
infection, so some internal
links may be temporarily
broken, and years of review
archive reconstruction is also in
progress.  thanks for everyone's
support and patience.
indian film festival of los angeles 2024 reviews

los angeles latino international film festival 2024 reviews

pan african film & arts festival 2024 reviews



extensive coverage of chris robinson's film
about lebron james and
his high school basketball teammates.



extensive coverage of kris belman's 2008 documentary
about lebron james and
his high school basketball teammates.

support our films

(updated september 20, 2024)





themoviereport.com's
youtube channel

cinemacon

our annual extensive coverage
of the national association of
theatre owners' convention.

words on john singleton


extensive coverage of the live action/animated film
starring lebron james
and the original 1996 film
starring michael jordan.


special thanks



"the most on-the-money
reviews...
good for you for
looking deeper."
--ben affleck
"love your spot-on reviews!"
--anthony mackie

read what others are
saying about this site...


last site update:
september 20, 2024
the movie report e-mail
newsletter launched
april 10, 1995
website launched
november 2, 1995






























privacy policy



the movie report / mr. brown's movie site/text ©1992-2024, site ©1995-2024 michael dequina
 
rss sidebar widget powered by surfing waves
all images and multimedia files are copyright their respective copyright holders and no rights are given or implied




























