



most popular visitor center at mount st. helens (360) 274-7750 mt-st-helens.com






















 






resource centervolcano camvolcano historyarea mapelk viewingpostcardvolcano photoswhere to eatwhat to seewhat to dohistorylodgingmountsthelens.comwhere to stayat mt. st. helensbigfoot - sightings around mt. helensape cavesrainier visitor guidetravel links & partnerstwitter mount st. helensmt. st. helens ziplinemount st. helens national park visitor guidehoffstadt creek bridge 



group tour menu    wedding guide     restaurant menu     about uscontact usvisitor guide map



(c)  mountsthelens.com visitor guide services at mt. st. helens, a property of natures discovery llc  2013 
 mt. st. helens gift shop.worlds largest selection of mt. st. helens emerald jewelry, video, books, souvenirs, toys, glass art, ashware and  more...rv travelers: make your trip even more enjoyable with and buy an  rv memory foam mattress pad or topper from the memory foam online sale store: www.memoryfoam-sale.com 
 the spectacular forest learning center offers some of the best exhibits on the highway.  a partnership between weyerhaeuser, washington department of transportation, and the rocky mountain elk foundation the center is one of the "must see" locations on the highway along with the johnston ridge observatory.  for more visitor information about the center please click here.mt. saint helens and the devastated, but rapidly recovering toutle river valley, form a spectacular, panoramic backdrop to the mount st. helens forest learning center, which overlooks the volcano’s massive landslide which devastated everything in its path in the valley below in the 1980 eruption.  in the spring up to hundreds of elk can be seen grazing on the mudflow below.penny press machine is located at the forest learning center.visitor centers in mount st. helens blast zone:forest learning center - m.p. 33 -exhibits open may 18-sept 8,  10am-4pm daily.  gift shop & outside open daily 10-6 thru oct. 31st.johnston ridge observatory  - m.p. 52open mid-may thru mid-oct.see them both to experience the volcanic eruption and recoveryother nearby attractionszipline tours: 3 world class zipline adventures within two hours of the volcano.for info on lodging, area services, hiking, dining, and other information on mt. st. helens please visit the mount st. helens resource center & visitor guide at  www.mountsthelens.com  where you will also find online booking for motels in castle rock, wa  and motels in kelso, wa.  most visitors stay at exit 39, kelso as it is only minutes from the highway to mt. st. helens and has a great selection of modern affordable quality motels and services.the "ring of fire" is acting up.  check out what's happening at alaska's mount redoubt volcano on the mount redoubt breaking news and volcanocam page.  while visiting washington be sure to see mount rainier national park - just 90 minutes to the north.   for convenient mt. rainier lodging & motel options click here.  for things to see and do at mt. rainier click here.hike mt. rainierbike mt. rainierclimb rainierski rainiersee the 10,000 mysterious mima mounds of mystery 
 news:mt. st. helens  anniversary !  please visit the mount st. helens forest learning center which has among the best exhibits on the highway.free admission          milepost 33. 
 


this weeks featured attraction:mount st. helensforest learning centerfree admission !



 a place for the whole family to enjoy!  mt. st. helens eruption theatermt. st. helens forest exhibitslogging recovery exhibitvirtual helicopter tourmt. st. helens kids exhibitsdiscovery gift shopsnackselk viewing areafree admission - m.p. 33 
we hope you enjoy your visit to mount st. helens and our visitor centers. 
  milepost 33 



mount st. helens  forest learning center



 monument visitor centers & highway to the volcano arenow open 





looking for a close, affordable place to stay near mount st. helens?here are the most popular motels all conveniently located.mt. st. helens motels



 
 the volcano experience !departing every 30 minutes may-sep.  more... 





