






















the pirate's lair












 go
view cart 

categories

specials

us navy dinnerware "special sets"


facebook - thepirateslair - see the latest!
naval "trenchart"



 the pirate's lair a subsidiary of datacity, inc. 78 canterbury drive, stafford, va 22554 540 659 6209 - john 5:24




the pirate's lair shopsite ahoy matey! permission granted to come aboard!this is the official shopping cart for the pirate's lair a subsidiary of datacity, inc. and welcome aboard!these items are all the "real deal" folks, no cheesy reproductions or knockoffs to be found here, only cheesy sailors!(and certainly nothing to be found from the base "exchange"!)we specialize and offer for sale 19th and early 20th century antique regulation naval dinnerware used by both the enlisted crew and officers alike from many navies of the world much of which can be used for contemporary dining!perfect gifts for that "special sailor" in your life: father's day, mother's day, christmas, housewarming, for a waterfront home, beach house, 19th century decorating, or an authentic nautical themed dining experience!unique military or navy retirement gifts, promotion gifts, or "moving on" gift for a change of command? here we are!!
the pirate's lair also specializes in 18th and 19th century antique naval edged weapons and our collection consists of 150-200+ year old regulation arsenal-marked cutlasses, boarding axes, and boarding pikes used by american, british, french, and scandinavian sailors in battle to board and repel boarders in the days of sail!if you're a fan of the movie "master and commander" you'll love the pirate's lair!



watchstanding mug, us navy wardroom "anchor" 
$115.00

watchstanding mug or cup, white with a cobalt blue stripe and fouled anchor used in the us navy's wardroom officer's mess, lt 03, lcdr 04, and cdr 05. 

perfect for a us navy promotion or retirement gift, dinnerware for a waterfront home or yacht, or anyone desiring that nautical theme on their dining room table!

this is the most popular gift of all of the naval dinnerware!!!

during wwii sailors used this handle-less while standing watch at their duty station or up on the bridge sipping broth and they wrapped their hands around the cup to keep them warm. as space was always a premium this (like all of the other naval dinnerware) was also a multi-purpose and was used as a custard cup, shaving mug, egg cup.

nowadays this is an excellent gift for any current or former sailor and one they will truly appreciate and use often!











10 pc placesetting special us navy wardroom officer "anchor" 
$249.00

10 piece place setting a great starter with both some china and matching silverware in the regulation kings design! consisting of 1 each of : 9.75 dinner plate, 7.25 salad plate, 6.25 bread/butter plate, 7" cereal bowl, coffee cup, saucer, regulation kings design fork, knife, teaspoon and soup/table spoon all with the matching fouled anchor on handle!

the china and matching kings design silverware is in the "anchor" pattern, white with a cobalt blue stripe and fouled anchor used in the us navy's wardroom officer's mess, lt 03, lcdr 04, and cdr 05. 

perfect for a us navy promotion or retirement gift, fathers or mothers day gift, dinnerware for a waterfront home or yacht, or anyone desiring that nautical theme on their dining room table!











16 pc placesetting special us navy wardroom officer "anchor" 
$499.00

the ultimate "starter" placesetting! all china pieces are white with a cobalt blue stripe and fouled anchor  used in the us navy's wardroom officer's mess, lt 03, lcdr 04, and cdr 05. perfect for a us navy promotion or retirement gift, dinnerware for a waterfront home or yacht, or anyone desiring that nautical theme on their dining room table!

consists of 1 each of the following: 
10" large dinner plate, 7" salad or bread plate, 6" butter and roll plate, 9" large soup bowl, 6" cereal bowl, 4" berry or dessert bowl, 8" oblong relish dish, 1 formal dinner coffee cup w saucer, informal after dinner coffee cup w saucer, double handled bouillon cup w saucer, demitasse coffee cup w saucer, footed egg cup or mug.

note: this placesetting is for china only, silverware must be purchased separately.











3 pc coffee cup,saucer,spoon set, us navy anchor
$99.00

3 piece coffee cup, saucer, and teaspoon set. white with a cobalt blue stripe and fouled anchor and sliverware in the regulation kings design with matching fouled anchor! used in the us navy's wardroom officer's mess, lt 03, lcdr 04, and cdr 05. 

perfect for a us navy promotion or retirement gift, dinnerware for a waterfront home or yacht, or anyone desiring that nautical theme on their dining room table!









the pirate's lair also has the world's single largest offering and selection of 19th century fully restored antique steamer trunks with at least 40 to 50 restored antique trunks for sale to choose from at any given time!all of these antique trunks were handcrafted well over 120 years ago and no two are alike! they all resemble "pirate chests and treasure chests" and many of our military customers re-purpose them into shadowboxes to safely and securely display their ribbons, medals, patches, flags and other memorabilia and then have room to store their uniforms, picture albums and the many other things collected while in the service. these are all true one-of-a-kind museum quality investment-grade antiques and vintage items you won't find anywhere else!




** us navy wardroom mess anchor dinnerware (wwi wwii korea vietnam eras)


** restored 19th c antique steamer trunks for sale (pirate & treasure chests)


** unique military shadowbox ideas: us navy, army, air force, usmc retirements


** junior officers mess en01 & ltjg02 w squareknot insignia


** officers mess, anchor w usn topmark limited edition




"home is the sailor, home from the sea.... and the hunter, home from the hill"www.thepirateslair.com 













