








sylvia henderson | move your ideas to profit and purpose!

































 blog: idea conversations sylvia’s implementation tips  special days: ideas for programs and celebrations   corporate programs: mindteam solutions, inc. contact sylvia  publicity photos for event planners & publications   









   
       

   
about
 meet sylvia  sylvia’s publicity photos / bios for event planners and publications   sylvia’s idea story 
my approach
work with me!
 one-page plan© vip 1-on-1 “get it done” program idea mindteam© group action program (your “third mind”) 
implementation tips
 idea implementation pro tips from sylvia! special days: ideas for programs and celebrations 
get started
 

about

meet sylvia

sylvia’s publicity photos / bios for event planners and publications


sylvia’s idea story


my approach
work with me!

one-page plan©
vip 1-on-1 “get it done” program
idea mindteam© group action program (your “third mind”)


implementation tips

idea implementation pro tips from sylvia!
special days: ideas for programs and celebrations


get started
 

 




move your ideas to profit and purpose!



 you’re in the right place if you’ve got ideas and they’re not moving forward. if you find yourself saying, “i’ve got to start on my book, i need to have that prototype made, i have to put together my strategy plan, i’ve got to figure out how to get things going”…etc..etc.. you get the idea. we exist for one reason—to help you implement your ideas and convert them into cash.  

  
 from idea  to implementation  to income!  
 it’s simple – we help you figure things out and get things done! you overflow with ideas. yet without focus, strategies, plans, action, and accountability along the way, all the ideas in the world mean nothing.   





 be a leader with your ideas! get leadership tips, best practices, and insights that will help you move your ideas to impact(c) and lead your teams and staff to do the same. as a bonus, get complimentary chapters from my ebook "hey, that's my idea!". subscribe on linkedin

copyright statement ©2025 sylvia henderson. all rights reserved.address | phone # 3500 olney laytonsville rd., #588, olney, md 20832 | 301-260-1538


































































