


brooklyn









 brooklyn home page
1010 president street





























brooklyn, 
              new york, cradle of tough guys and nobel laureates, fourth largest 
              city in the united states, proof of the power of marginality, and 
              homeland of america's most creative diasporic culture.







brooklyn botanic 
            garden













from 1010 president street:
first, add an "s" 
              to the end of garden like everyone else does; then cross the street 
              from one candy store corner to the other; walk the long block past 
              p.s. 241 and clara 
              barton high school; cross washington avenue; walk left for a bit 
              and turn right into this extraordinary place.









prospect park









from 1010 
              president street:
you can get 
              there from here, but it's not terribly likely, since both terrors 
              and temptations stand in the adventurer's way. go via eastern parkway, 
              and there's a candy store and two delicatessens on franklin avenue 
              to make it past; the brooklyn 
              museum, with its scatter of egyptian sarcophagi perfect for 
              an afternoon of hide-and-seek; the side entrance to the botanic 
              gardens, with its offer of a second chance to choose it as your 
              destination; a playground on the prospect between the gardens and 
              the children's library; then the main branch of the brooklyn 
              public library; grand army plaza; the ganglet-guardians demanding 
              fifteen cents' tribute on the long walk down flatbush avenue; and, 
              at last, the zoo.











further on, if the day is long 
              and you're with friends, spurred on by their and your own rather 
              wan bravura—it has been a long journey, after all—you 
              might just reach the carousel. whatever money you once had in your 
              pockets has gone toward good humors, tribute, and peanuts for the 
              elephants, but you can always watch. no traveller from 1010 president 
              street has been known to venture further into the prospect woods 
              than the carousel, though we've heard tales of secret paths, paddle 
              boats, sheep, and long meadows.














 
 who knows 
                  how to make love stay? 











tell love you 
              are going to junior's deli on flatbush avenue in brooklyn to pick 
              up a cheesecake, and if love stays, it can have half. it will stay." 
              tom mullaly offers additional advice, but none as tasty as the above.













from 1010 president street:
ask your father to stop 
              the car on infrequent family forays down flatbush avenue toward 
              the manhattan 
              bridge and "the city." he won't: junior's is for visitors 
              from the city, crossing your path in their quest to recapture their 
              own brooklyns of old—no more retrievable at junior's than, 
              in the end, on the internet. had they continued a bit further down 
              flatbush avenue, they might have come closer to what they'd been 
              longing for. 










my 
    brooklyn: readers report |your 
    brooklyn |
brooklyn 
    stories | crossings 
    | neighborhoods 
    | other brooklyns





copyright © 1995-2013 david
 neal miller. all rights reserved. for clarification and limited exceptions,
  see the brooklyn net copyright page.



colophon


last
    updated: 14 january 2013







 

