

piano worksheets for kids | kids piano & piano books | pianimals.com





















































































 
  


pianimals is
          a breakthrough way to play the piano or keyboard while preparing your
          child to read music!  
pianimals is based on decades of piano-teaching experience with
          thousands of children around the world now successfully playing the
        piano because it is easy and fun while they are learning. 

latest pianimals news
exciting news- flo arnold, co-author of pianimals, was recently interviewed on the new all keyed up podcast, hosted by ben kapilow.  ben speaks with a wide range of professionals about topics that are pertinent to pianoteachers. https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/all-keyed-up/id1552658377




learn piano today!



click
                      for sample page

book
                      a
        pianimals i - finger numbers
(40 pages)
if a child can number
                        fingers 1-2-3-4-5 and has the physical dexterity to push
                        down keys on the piano or keyboard one at a time with
                        each finger, the child is ready to learn to play. piano phonics
                worksheets included. the accompaniment music is available for download. instructions are provided in your order confirmation receipt.
price: $12.95




qty:

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20



songs include "twinkle,
                      twinkle," "mary's lamb," "itsy bitsy spider," "ode to joy," "yankee
                      doodle," "old macdonald," "mulberry bush," "muffin man," "this
                      old man," "if you're happy," "america"




watch a short video explaining whychildren should learn to play piano!

how is pianimals different? 
we do not teach the
              music staff first. this has
          2 advantages...children who know their finger numbers and learn where
          to place them on the keys can almost immediately play familiar songs.
          the second is that children are not overwhelmed since only one concept
          is presented at a time. 
children develop a great
              sense of self confidence as they learn to play familiar songs. this motivates them to practice
          more and they learn to read the music staff at their own pace step-by-step.
visit our online
                  store to learn more about our pianimals products (books, piano worksheets
                  and games, packages and more).  special discounts available
        to piano teachers.




contains over 100 familiar songs



user-friendly for parents and teachers



support by e-mail or phone



great supplemental series for piano teachers



30-day money-back guarantee!



scientific
          research has proven that studying music enhances a child's brain
          development. we are so confident
          you will like our phonics 4 piano series we are offering
          a  30-day money-back guarantee. examine the books, and if you
        are not pleased, return the books and we will refund your money. 





 


 


info@pianimals.com 


 


 








