














































































waynesville r-vi school district | home





skip to contentwaynesville r-vi school districtmenuschoolstranslatesearch siteskip gallerywaynesville r-vi school districtwhere the orange and black unite with the red, white and blueend of galleryathleticsbefore/after school programsemployment opportunitiesenrollmentmenusmilitary familiesschool phone numberscontact central office staff11 schools, 1 teama message from superintendent hilary baleswe are happy you are here! the waynesville r-vi school district offers something for every student and you will find a place where you belong among our 5,800 students who speak more than 30 different languages.the district's mission is to “prepare and empower individual lifelong learners for opportunities as citizens and leaders.”all schools in the waynesville r-vi school district have been ranked in the top one-third in the state by u.s. news and world report for 2024. it's a great day to be a tiger!we encourage you to be involved. check out our district school year calendar at a glance here, and our events calendar at right.community resourcesfamily resourcesstaff resourcescalendar of eventsdepartmentstip lineprogramsafter school programsfrom after school care to free tutoring to fun clubs, such as robotics and coding, to sports, waynesville r-vi offers a variety of after school programs.19 career & technical educationadvertising, ag, autos, business, printing, computers, construction, cosmetology, culinary arts, nursing, diesel, marketing, video game software, video production, weldingspecial education servicesour department is here to be sure the needs of all students are met through the provision of a free and appropriate education regardless of their abilities.leader in meleader in me works to teach leadership to each student, create a culture of student empowerment and align systems to drive results in academics.virtual learning mocapcourses listed on the mocap course catalog have been checked for compliance by the missouri department of elementary and secondary education (dese).purple star schoolsawarded purple star school district status for being military friendlyspotlightdecember teacher proud tuesdaywhs - jerred webbdr. hawkins started with the alternative program, (tlc) at the beginning of this school year. dr. hawkins has been a very positive asset to our community this year. always eager to help in any way!tlc - michael hawkinsmrs. megan anderson, paraprofessional, has been with wsgc for two years. during this time, she has served as a one-on-one aide and is now a valued member of our classroom team. she consistently ensures a positive learning environment for her students.wsgc - megan andersonmrs. collado is often the first school representative who welcomes families and walks them through the special education process. she is patient, kind, and listens to the family concerns. wecc - angie colladomrs. butzler has amazing rapport with students and her coworkers. everyone knows they can go to her for help with technology or anything they're struggling with. she is an innovative thinker who tries to bring fun and involvement to the high school.  whs - andrea butzlercoach foote's enormous, positive attitude, and teamwork demeanor illuminates throughout the wms building. she is not only a volleyball and track and field coach, she is the first to help other coaches with their sport in her spare time. wms - charlene footemrs. maranda beck, a counselor from freedom elementary, has stepped up to volunteer her services. she has played a crucial role in facilitating transportation for shop with a cop participants who may otherwise be unable to attend.  freedom - maranda beckkrystal krill is the heart of our team, consistently leading with a positive attitude that inspires us all. her unwavering focus on what’s best for our kids keeps us grounded in our purpose and drives us to be our best. as a leader, she brings out the strengths in each team.east - krystal krilli nominate dagmar lambert for employee of the month, recognizing her extraordinary dedication to teaching at-risk students for over 25 years. dagmar consistently goes above and beyond, demonstrating a deep commitment to student success and growth. perimeter - dagmar lambertms. ash (as she is called) is an integral part of the classroom. she is organized and dependable. she has a great attitude when others are struggling and has a calm that the students rely on. the students love her and we do too!wood - ashley turriettams. smith has been working hard to increase the number of internship opportunities over the past 3 years. wcc has seen over 100% increase in the number of interns and apprentices over the past few years. wcc - barbara smithcoach helps bring a positive atmosphere to partridge. her personality and enthusiasm is contagious to staff and students. coach has a willingness to participate in extracurricular activities outside of school and looks forward to contributing beyond the classroom. partridge - amy heberlingsue beatty has been a positive influence on the parker team. she keeps the classrooms and the building super clean. she takes a lot of pride in making sure special events are set up appropriately and cleaned up afterward. parker - sue beattywe recognize joni harris from thayer as a difference maker with her students. this is her first year to be in the waynesville district where she gladly embraced being on the district climate committee to bring new ideas to our building. thayer - joni harriskyleen oxendine helps our east students improve their reading and writing skills, and supports the development of literacy in the school. she uses practices that are relevant to each individual student's needs and applies intervention strategies that support them.east - kyleen oxendinebrittany loves her students and appreciates their diverse learning styles. she meets each of them where they are at and helps them thrive from there. she is creative, resourceful, and an excellent team player.freedom - brittany sheehanmr. dale always has a smile on his face and is ready to lend a helping hand to anyone who needs it whether a kid spills their water bottle in the hall or a class has had an extra fun day learning with a few extra things to clean up, mr. dale is the first to jump in and help.partridge - dale davismrs. montgomery is an outstanding 4th grade teacher. she genuinely cares about each student in her classroom. she builds positive relationships and works to create a community of learners who strive to do their best with academics. thayer - brandi montgomeryrita is a hard worker and goes above and beyond what is asked of her. she has a wonderful relationship with the students and staff alike. she is willing to help out when needed in all areas of our school. wecc - rita turriettamrs. beal is in her 2nd year as an lpn instructor and has already made an impact. her and the other 2 instructors were part of the class of 2024 achieving 100% on their nclex exam. wcc - courtney bealwe are so fortunate to have mr. ellis as a new teacher in our building. he cares about students' success and learning. he checks in multiple times per hour to make sure students are understanding, and he is reflective on his practices, constantly working to improve.wms - michael ellismelissa is not only an exceptional professional but also a deeply caring individual who has consistently shown her commitment to the well-being of both students and colleagues. whs - melissa jonestheresa mcnutt is the best school counselor. she displays leadership, professionalism, and positivity in all that she does. she actively listens to not only students, but teachers and staff. she works tirelessly giving her time on the weekends and after school.wsgc - theresa mcnuttmrs. smith is an exceptional teacher, a supportive colleague, and a devoted mother. she fosters meaningful relationships with her students, holding them to high standards that inspire growth and achievement. her students deeply admire and respect her.wood - karin smithsince joining the tiger learning center program miss kaylee has gone above and beyond to help all students and staff. miss kaylee manages all tasks seamlessly and efficiently. tlc - kaylee houfsonja frei is a difference maker at parker prek! she is always positive with the students. when students have difficulties, she patiently works them through it. she is dependable, a hard worker, and a pleasure to work with!parker - sonja freifind uswaynesville r-vi200 fleetwood drivewaynesville, mo 65583stay connectedcopyright © 2025 waynesville r-vi. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more


