rrs of madison county




























page updated
12/24/2024







for sale

new york central




		1955
ohio div.
indianapolis
size and build date of buildings







1912 indiana
n yc turntables









big 4 memories




pennsylvania railroad





photo album pages







photo album page 2 (1974 to date)




time tables
1895 passenger
1943 passenger
1944 employee
1963 passenger















east central indiana
				ho scale rr








traction
	(irr)





central indiana ry
ci & ciw  
ci history  
ci photo album

nickel plate







 

memory
pages



general notices

big four depot

railroad stations

towers and
block stations

breakup of
conrail

selected slides




photo pages
photo album
avon tour
big 4 memories






loram rail grinder
fra t-2000
high and wide
isp safety video


the circus
circus trains

rb&bb train


bibliography

county maps
1901 maps
anderson

indiana sites
and nyc links



i'm not allowed to drive the train
the whistle i can not blow, 
i'm not the one who designates
how far the train shall go

i'm not allowed to blow off steam
or even ring the bell  but
let the damn thing jump the track
and see who catches hell !!

unknown



contact the
webmaster:
roger hensley























original free script provided by 
website abstraction
photo credits are at the bottom of the page 


 


 
roger hensley's 
 railroads of
madison county
- indiana -

 

















lions and tigers and bears, oh my... and the carnivals too.


ringling bros. and barnum & bailey last 
played anderson on july 18, 1955 just a year before they retired their big top 
and went off of the road on july 16, 1956 and began the schedule that they 
currently use. the show was not well attended. that is all the more remarkable when considering that the cole bros. show playing athletic park a year or so later 
was a sell out, but the era of the circus train visits to smaller communities 
had come to an end and would be relegated to history and memory.

it's 1946 and the ringling 
bros. and barnum & bailey circus has come to town. sections one and 
two are in position to begin unloading. 
and this is the setup for the circus exhibit at the madison county 
historical society, inc. it was created by robert trueblood (deceased 
2017). i had a terrible time getting him to give the layout to the 
museum of madison county history. he had it stored in the attic of his 
garage (not good). i had talked him into an exhibit earlier and i worked
 on him on and off about presenting it to us. he finally said he might 
but he wanted to do another exhibit with it first. we set it up in parts
 for display in the lower level and he sat by it all throught the 
christmas display. when it was over, he said, "i'll sign it over to 
you." we immediately moved things around and put in into a permanent 
place where it is now. bob died last year (2017) but he and others were 
in a few weeks before he died and he was busy showing them the details 
of his layout. his memory was fantastic.























in 2002, i went to avon and took photos. with the rumors of its closure, i thought i'd put them here for you.
 big four avon yard









i was just looking over my traction pages, they are really good!
however
due to my having a crash of the web site last february, my latest changes were lost.
i am now replacing them one item at a time, so,
please bear with me.
traction
	(irr)








	- the latest -
the circus

circus trains

rb&bb train







             
rail presentation    -   

 presentation 2 







up 1996, a sd70ace - engine fire
 wm  7471 an sd40 - track equipment - furx gp38-2 number 5560
 - 
   - 







rrmc general orders
- i'm always looking for photos - click for more - 
- excerpts from 1901 maps - 

for memories of railroading, visit the memory pages 
- general notices -
scanner frequencies, csx dispatcher changes, csx tcs upgrade and an in depth look at bee line signalling. - click for more -  



from circus trains and loram rail grinders to the fra t-2000 and high 
and wides and the indiana state police making a crossing safety video in
 addition to all of the regular traffic, past and present, visit... now with the caboose page!!


...the photo album pages
...the photo album page 2 (1974 to date)






 notice: for other web sites or pages i author, please click here









on august 22, 1998, csx and ns exercised their options and took control of conrail. 
on june 1, 1999, they began operating their portions. see the breakup of conrail.

at the end of 1999, the anderson herald bulletin poled it's readership to determine the top 50 people of the century.
 number 6 on the list was charles l. henry who coined the word 
interurban. he was the driving force behind the union traction company 
which later became a part of the indiana railroad moving people, 
packages and freight over much of indiana with traction lines. the 
system was dissolved in 1941, a victim of the automobile and the bus.
 
also included in the top 50 was ike duffey who owned and operated the 
packing plant that became emge packing co., owned the semi-pro anderson 
packers basketball team and saved the central indiana railway co. from extinction.


- selected slides from the county...

- bnsf 4725 - bnsf 727 - ci_ciw - cr 4131 - cr 64514/64721 - cr 80091 - critter -
- icrk - nkp/nw at alexandria - ns-cr connector - prr 2 - sperry rail car -
- conrail sunset - track work -



people remember the railroads of madison county in the memory pages



 the elwood, anderson & lapelle railroad
 (word file)    

 madison county railroad stations
    

 towers and block stations
    

 central indiana rwy & central indiana & western

  
 new york, chicago & st louis (nkp) the nickel plate (nw) [ns]
    
 indiana railroad web sites and nyc links

bibliography


maps page
- madison county, alexandria, anderson, chesterfield, elwood, lapel -
1901 maps page - anderson




operation lifesaver inc. 
...is a nationwide, non-profit public information program dedicated to reducing collisions, injuries and fatalities at highway-rail crossings and on railroad rights-of-way. it's web site offers news reports, educational materials, statistics, safety tips, upcoming events, and  information on how to get involved. 






return to top of page


copyright 1995-2024 by roger p. hensley. all rights reserved.

this page is written, maintained and hosted by: roger p. hensley, madisonrails@railfan.net
if unable to contact me using madisonrails, then use rhensley_anderson@juno.com









