






wholesale distributor of aircraft parts & pilot supplies | aero performance


















































quick shop
×




























length



quantity









   add to cart




your cart
×








 



quantity



delete

  







total (usd)


   checkout





add options
×


please check the boxes for the options that you would like to add. leave all boxes unchecked for unit only.




 






next








    


877-785-2376 | info@aeroperformance.com
aero performance





about ap

locations

product lines

outside sale team

contact us

new customers
sign in
forgot password







email address | cust #



password




forgot password  new customers


  serving the aviation wholesale market since 2002 | 877-785-2376  





shop categories
airframe parts
avionics
batteries
books,videos & software
composite materials
covering supplies
electrical
engine parts
hardware
instruments
landing gear
metals & plastics
pilot supplies
tires and tubes
tools








28-volt smartgpu unit with bluetooththe first general aviation gpu to offer bluetooth and wi-fi connectivity, tise smartgpu offers advanced features that cater to convenience, safety, and performance. 
click here for details



electronic fluid pumps
tempest platinum electronic fluid pumps - from the brand you trust for quality and innovation. these new pumps have been designed from the ground up and will replace many of the facet gold-flo fluid pumps that are no longer available to the aviation market.
click for details



welcome to aeroperformance.com
 new look, same great service! our new site is packed with features to make finding and ordering your parts easier than ever.
click here for details



hangar floor cleaner
designed for use with all hangar floor surfaces, the ect-hangar floor cleaner is a highly concentrated low foam floor cleaner, effective to remove difficult soils associated with aircraft hangars.
click for details



panel mount chargerenjoy the convenience of usb power in your aircraft - delivered by the durable, high-quality engineering that you expect with the stratus name. faa-tso 
click here for details



new a30 aviation headset

the bose a30 aviation headset is the most comfortable, full-featured around-ear aviation headset bose has ever created. 
click here for details








parts finder
i'm looking for


part name


for a


make




model










corrosion x - aviation formula corrosionx is the most advanced and effective corrosion prevention compound, lubricant and penetrant in the world!


gill aviation batteries gill has become the oem original equipment battery for raytheon, cessna, learjet, mooney, piper, ayres, airtractor, maule, scheizer and others in the aviation industry




exxon mobilgrease shc-100 mobil aviation grease shc 100 is a supreme performance synthetic grease which combines the unique features of a polyalphaolefin synthetic base fluid.shop now







about us

aero performance was founded in 2002 by ken broadie, whose family had been involved in general aviation parts and maintenance in fort worth, texas since 1946. ken hired bill rehkop as national sales manager and bill brought on board an experienced staff of outside sales agents to represent the aero performance product line to fbo's, aircraft repair centers, and flight schools nationwide. in january 2014 aero performance was acquired by jim and nanci irwin, whose family has been active in aircraft parts distribution since 1955. jim and nanci irwin, along with their children mike, jeff, and rob currently operate aero performance at it's regional warehouses in texas, pennsylvania, illinois, california, georgia, and arizona. following bill's retirement in 2018. jack samuels became national sales manager and his team continues to provide outstanding service to aero performance customers across the country providing a complete product line from all major aircraft parts manufacturers.
learn more about us



orders by 4pm ship same day by ups
free shipping over $295 for wholesale accounts
trusted wholesale distributor since 2002
lowest price policy




























contact
toll free: 877-785-2376
                                         hose shop: 480-963-6936
                                         fax: 817-625-8936


location & hours
aero performance locations
outside sales reps


help

contact us
price match policy
privacy policy
return policy
shipping & delivery
terms & conditions



company info

about us
company history
locations
outside sales reps
product lines
the aero performance team



resources & links

forgot password
my account
net terms / open account
new customers
online bill pay
resale / tax exempt submission



shopping tools

bargain bin
custom coax assemblies
custom hose assemblies
laser marked wire
new products
wishlists










california privacy rights - exercise my privacy rights

by using this website, you agree to our terms & conditions and privacy policy
product photos shown may represent the type of product, or be for illustration purposes only, and may not be an exact representation of the product delivered.
copyright ©1995 - 2025 aero performance. all rights reserved. prices subject to change without notice. invoice currency usd.










