







backpacking: budget independent travel - advice, guide & packing help




























 travel independent info 

home
where to start
contact/help us
about and faq


grounded in reality, practical, inspirational. a 'go to' travel guide for travellers by travellers







 
toggle navigation 
  





 what to pack 

 what to pack - main page 
 in short: summary list 

 main page content: 
 clothing
 footwear
 first aid & cosmetics 
 all things electric 
 forgotten essentials 


 where to go 

 where to go - picking destination(s) 
 how many countries are there? 
 key independent travel routes 

 main page content: 
 global high & lowlights 
 current holidays & events 


 before you go 

 before you go - main page 
 budgeting costs & accessing funds 
 visas 

 main page content: 
 getting insured 
 buying a (cheap) plane ticket 
 immunizations & malaria prophylaxis 
 general safety 
 going solo - travelling alone 
 guidebooks in the planning stage 
 travel photography 
 volunteering & 'voluntourism' 


 country summaries 

 summary introduction - read first 
 featured country - thailand 
 

 regions covered: 
 asia: 
 northern asia 
 southern asia 
 south east asia 
 indochina 
 central asia 
 americas: 
 north america 
 the caribbean 
 central america 
 south america 
 africa: 
 north africa 
 east africa 
 west africa 
 southern africa 
 the rest: 
 the middle/near east 
 russia & the caucasus 
 british isles, france & switzerland 
 australia & melanesia 
 new zealand & polynesia 
 
						antarctica 


 on the road 

 on the road - main page 

 main page content: 
 getting ill and staying healthy 
 moving [getting] around 
 sleeping & accommodation 
 looking after your things - avoiding crime 
 dealing with hassle and beggars 
 bargaining
 guilt, giving and responsible tourism 
 guidebooks
 staying in touch 
 eating and vegetarianism 
 washing clothes 
 cultural expectations, perspectives and 'culture shock' 
 toilets & counterfeit goods 
 drugs & vice 


 resources 

 resources - main page 
 travel insurance 
 recommended guide & reading books 
 accommodation booking 
 external links 

 recommended guide & reading books: 
 travel planning 
 africa
 asia
 australia & pacific 
 europe
 latin america 


  more

 start here 
 home page 
 why travel independent? 
 tl;dr - site summary
 about & faqs 

 contact and help 
 guestbook & kudos 


 trends since we started 









travel independent . info
everything you need to know about budget independent travel (aka. backpacking). 
		if you are rich or poor, young or old and are curious about traveling 
		independently - we probably have an answer.













travel is back with a bang. expect queues & higher prices. get traveling! 
						pleased you found us. you have come to the right place. 
						there's a world to explore!
						enough of reading blogs. need real help?




travel independent .info is an independent, non-commercial site by travellers for travellers to 
					encourage everyone to travel independently and give them the information they need to feel confident about it.
					
					it is not a blog full of ramblings or selfies. no self-promotion, 
					no sponsored content, unrealistic claims or e-books/tours for sale.
					 
					around since 2002, updated monthly. you'll find balanced, comparative, simple advice for 110+ countries, 
					7 continent   - everything important to get you 'on the road'.
					there is simply no other travel site with a broader scope, 
					wider range of countries covered or experience.







					no idea where to start? start here:
if you are totally new to travel or starting to plan a trip and simply have no idea where to start - this one page guide is probably the place for you.
know roughly what you are looking for? follow the chapter links below:











what to pack

						what do you really need to pack for travel? explained from a to z.

seen enough 'packing lists' to make you sick? confused on what to pack for travel / backpacking trip? 
					
					take it from those who have learnt the hard way and are not selling or promoting anything other than the concept of travelling light. 
					what you pack can really make a difference to your trip: packing tips and advice on everything you need.





where to go

						so many choices. here's some guidance

where to travel to? good question. how to pick a route, our country/sight recommendation and why you might have already decided.  
					- the real planning is up to you with some hard choices to be made. 
					
					global highlights and lowlights - a few ideas of the good, the bad and the ugly!






before you go

						don't panic, but you need to get a few things sorted before you go


					unsure as to malaria prophylaxis, jabs, how much will you send, how to carry money, insurance or visas you need?.  
					
					the before you go bit is tougher than the trip itself and can seem like an administrative nightmare. 
					it is all covered from money to buying air tickets and travelling alone.
					
					travel insurance is a particular minefield. found out exactly what you need, what you don't and who the best providers are.
					





country summaries

						a rough 'read before you go' overview to 100+ countries

what will you find there? country summaries are a detailed country by country break down of all the 
					information that's really handy to know in the planning stage or simply for a vicarious trip. 
					from antarctica to zimbabwe - a whole load of information - constantly updated and added to. 
					
regions featured:
australia and melanesia, 
					new zealand and polynesia;
					asia: north and
					south;
					south east &
					indochina.
					america: central,
					south &
					north.
					africa: east,
					west,
					north & 
					southern.
					the middle east;
					the cis,
					 antarctica and the
					caribbean. 
					up to-date topical facts and tips - now you have no reason for apprehension or bad planning.






resources

						recommended guidebooks, accommodation and other vitals.

 a selection of 
					recommended travel resources: planning guides, guide books, travel reading.

discover:
					pre-trip planning,
					africa,
					asia,
					australia, new zealand & pacific
& latin america. 
we have great recommendations for travel
					insurance, 
					hostel/guesthouse booking and a tonne of 
					great backpacking links.
					




on the road

						everything you need to know about what lies in wait 'on the road'.

'on the road' a comprehensive guide to some of the things that you need to face and deal with whilst 
					travelling and how to deal with them, such as food poisoning and bus travel.
it is all covered from getting ill and staying healthy, moving around, 
					sleeping, looking after your things/avoiding crime to dealing with beggars and hassle.
					









about us

if you are interested in using any of the material in this site, would like extra material for commercial purposes or would like to 
					support the site with a paid link, then please get in touch.
read our frequently asked questions (faq). 





support us. 
						please note this site is kept up-to-date and current with a lot of hard work, miles and (where you can help) even simple reader contributions. 
						as for getting something for nothing: this site doesn't pay for itself, hosting and bandwidth particularly, cost money. 
						this site is kept banner ad free by readers using amazon links 
						and other recommended products/services.










get in touch

what did you think? 
					we try hard to provide independent travellers with the latest information, but things are always changing. 
					as you might expect, up-dates, corrections and new information are always sought.

					even a simple thought shared can help build the site's content for all who love travel.
					a few lines is all it takes to help keep info fresh and provide for future travellers. 
					it's also a big thank you.





author's note




it goes without saying that the majority of the information on this site is subjective at the very least.

  						read more
						



						furthermore attempting to write something to cover all eventualities within the budget / independent travel context would be impossible. 
						however, many a long hour has been spent (you have no idea!) constructing these pages in order to try and help and enlighten others.

						we are sure more experienced travellers will find some information a little patronising, 
						but no one is really putting anything new out here - it's just how it is.
						



just a reminder... 
							this is a personal website/blog, and not an agency or a business. 
							no one receives any commission for any advice. 
							only a few recommended links pay for bandwidth.






"we shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our exploring, will be to arrive where we started, and know the place for the first time"
— t.s. eliot















			by the way if you are a returning user, you will notice a totally new look site. 
			don't worry we are the same authors, only now we look sexier and with more/updated content.





most popular


start here
how much will my travel cost?
travel insurance: what you actually need
getting ill and staying healthy
getting the best price plane ticket
southeast asia country summaries
wonder how many countries there are?






preface


this intro has been included as one of first thing you might read so it may perhaps provide inspiration and so i /we 
					may communicate the motives for creating this site. 
					that 'i' word is used a few times in this intro, but nowhere else. 
					the rest of the site is not about personal travels or inflating a sense of achievement. 
					it's created with contributions from many, grows weekly and is about 
					sharing knowledge that makes any trip achievable and enjoyable. 
					if you are planning to go travelling independently (short or long 
					term) and are perhaps a little apprehensive, this site is for you. 
					so please read on through this section as something to bear in mind 
					when looking at the following pages. 
everything you need to 
					know (about independent 
					travel, aka. backpacking)? that's 
					what we came up with...
					
					

read more



everything you need to know (about independent travel, aka. backpacking)? 
					that's what we came up with, to the ends of sharing everything learnt 
					from thousands of accumulated very busy days travelling in more than two-thirds 
					of the world's countries spread across the globe. also it sums up 
					the whole site when it comes to independent travel and backpacking.
					this site is about sharing all the information that is so 
					very obvious to anyone who has experienced it, but can 
					be so frightening to a first timer and a real inhibitor to good 
					planning in the way of time, money and what you carry on your back. 
					it's hoped the site fills a gap encountered when i tried to research 
					this information on the internet myself before setting out for the 
					first time (loads of travelogues, but no real information). 
					you won't find this site treading around any issues. 
					for example most travellers come across contraband, vice or beggars while abroad 
					and wonder about toilets - that's covered. more questions? is colombia/iran 
					safe? should i go to timbuktu? is angkor really that great? it's 
					all here and a lot more besides. maybe the title should 
					be: here are the mistakes i made and what it's like - learn from them/it.

why the budget travel thing?

					because most don't have unlimited funds, but maybe 'affordable' 
					is a better term. far from being the only choice available to the typical adventurous 
					traveller, it is a sacred doctrine for many: to get the most 
					out of what they have. understand that no one 
					is advocating hardcore '$10-a-day' travel; there are times when 
					splashing out and/or taking a local tour is appropriate.
					independent travel allows you to do more and 
					see more, since it puts you in direct contact with locals and offers greater challenges.


					any suffering on bumpy buses or in the odd crappy hotel room 
					will only make your experience seem more real and give you that 
					extra sense of achievement and personal satisfaction (every 
					pleasure has got to have an inch of pain - so buy your ticket and don't complain!).
					

					the number one thing conveyed is that backpacking travel is 
					in no way esoteric, and in pretty much all countries, very easy. 
					it is not really difficult at all. frustrating at times, yes - difficult, 
					no. all you really need is a measure of gumption and you are away. 
					of course travelling and place names like lhasa and istanbul, sound 
					adventurous, but my grandmother could find her way round most of 
					them (backpackers don't have to be young) and would not be alone 
					in doing so.
					

tourism is the world's biggest industry and 
					all but a very, very few places (normally the ones of no real interest 
					or recently struck by war or a natural disaster) are well on the 
					beaten track with the subsequent support industries plentiful. the 
					information on this site is not what you would normally come across 
					in often ambiguous guidebooks. it consists mainly of tips, backpacker 
					relevant information and details on more alternative subjects avoided 
					by published guides. anyway, trying to duplicate information that 
					is found easily in guidebooks would be rather pointless.
second to that, demonstrated is just how accessible the 
					world has become - perhaps heading solely to australia/europe 
					to work for a year with a stop-off in thailand or america on the 
					way back is not exactly travelling and a little bit of a cop-out. 
					it's your choice but those who do so are missing out on so much. 
					let's face it - how often in your life are you going to have the 
					chance, time or money to do this? did you want to travel or have 
					a holiday? please, please, still do that (oz, thailand et al. 
					are great places) but be aware that so much more is available to 
					you and there is no reason why you should not give it a go. even 
					if it is not for you, at least try getting to some interesting places, 
					talk to some interesting people and do some interesting things. 
					at worst you will save some money and leave early. the world 
					really is your oyster: you can go pretty much anywhere you like. 
					try to understand that repeatedly the less appealing a place seems 
					at home, the more appealing it often is there - because you are 
					doing something unique for yourself and have limited expectations.
					


and the independent thing? so often abroad, 
					you see groups on tours - and they are always a certain type of 
					people - sure china sounded really exotic at home, but now you're 
					here its not exactly the wilderness. well the succinct answer is 
					either that a tour really is right for them (for whatever reason), 
					that they are a little lazy or that they didn't know what is being 
					shared here! (don't 
					take my word for it - readers' comments). 


					this is the  essential, no holds barred information you need to get going - so 
					hit the subject title links to the left, read on and be enlightened.... 
					or in the words of mark twain:
					



					twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do. so throw off the bowlines, sail away from the safe harbour. catch the trade winds in your sails. explore. dream. discover
				






recommended


looking after you things, avoiding crime
recommended destinations/sights
caribbean summary
frequently asked questions
why travel independent
too long, didn't read: summary
how travel changed since we started






please help!

				 come on let us know about your trip. if you have been or are going somewhere - tell us if we have all the facts correct.
				
get in touch here.





what's new?


				by popular demand:
				faq - frequently asked questions 
				and 
				tl;dr (too long, didn't read) in short summary page.


key global travel routes map.
				
				constantly updated and revised with new travel info, tips and reader contributions.
				

 
				2023 - updated general refresh with help of friend returning from rtw trip.
				

 
				2020 - updated nepal and the 
				general refresh (while locked-down).
				

 
				2018 - updated usa and the 
				dominican republic.
				

 
				2017 - added panama and the 
				guyana's, plus updated 
				colombia.
				

 
				2016 - added solomon islands and updated 
				vanuatu and fiji.
				

 
				2015 - added rwanda and annual update in january - 
				is it the destination or the journey that matters?


 
				2014 - updated chile, added caribbean: cuba and jamaica, added switzerland


 
				2013 -  added cape verde, updates on bolivia. all of europe visited.

more...



 
				2012 - celebrating ten years of travelindependent.info
				
 
				2011 - article in	
				malaysian new strait times. 
				indonesia, tanzania and laos updated. thailand and china update. cameroon coming soon. 
				featured on: '
				get rich slowly' and on: '
				make use of' -	
				10 sites for budget travel & backpacking trips across the world.
				
  
				2010 - korea (north and south), caucasus and 
				ethiopia added. 
				fuel for the great malaria prophylaxis debate. do i need to take malarial medication? is it alright to take lariam? 
				what are the alternatives? see	before you go malaria section.
				

  
				2009 - 
 uganda,
				and 	
				central asia and georgia added - full
				
				philippines update. 
				new articles: the 7 secrets / realities of really cheap travel and just added:

				budget airline lowdown, fly cheap in places you might not have thought possible.
				mozambique added (thanks 
				alex) all costs updated revised from gbp to usd. 

 
				2008 - 
				tunisia added - full
				
				japan update now posted. 
				plus 

				rtw ticket advice update. 
				also new: the
				
				great sleeping bag debate plus
				
				eating and vegetarianism while travelling.
				

 
				2007 -
				celebrating five years
				of travelindependent.info with a total overhaul and a plead to all 
				that find it useful to help it's growth by contributing any info they can.

				new articles:
				volunteering and 'voluntourism', thai train system explained. 
				update brazil, argentina, paraguay & uruguay. added: bangladesh - many thanks to george schoneveld.
				






most recent updates/articles


antarctica
easter island and fiji
melanesia
turkmenistan
panama
rwanda






kudos

(ella bowden) - "fantastic site! easy to use, really to the point. 
				i've wanted to plan travelling for ages and haven't known where to start, 
				all the books i've read don't want to commit to giving you the details you 
				really want to know. i don't think i could have been confident in planning my 
				travelling without this site, you have positively influenced my life in a huge way. 
				many thanks".
(nate) - "love the site and use it for almost all my travel planning. 
				it's the best unbiased and accurate evaluation of destinations i've found anywhere on the web"
				
				this is by the far the most comprehensive and well put together independent travel resource in the world, great job!"
see all comments and feedback in the site guestbook.




illustration by jerry swaffield - taken from 'first-time asia: the rough guide' 

this site was created out of 100% recycled electrons and has been officially copyrighted.









if you are planning a trip, a little nervous or just looking for inspiration. you have come to the right place.
please let us know if we left anything out and please 
			support the site.






about us
what's important for a travel advice website? what can you trust?
we.... are around since 2002, non-commercial and independent; cover 135 countries covered (repeatedly visited), updated regularly; have multiple experienced authors and a lot of reader input!
find out more. in the faq and 'about this site' pages




much imitated travelindependent . info, unlike many similar sites calls on repeated trips over a +ten year period to every major region of the globe (around two/thirds of the world's nations at last count - not just one rtw trip). after every trip the site is updated and revised and has been slowly shaped in this fashion since early 2002 when the first version was posted.


contribute & feedback

please help! we need your input.did you spot a mistake or error? found something incorrect? can you contribute information?
get in touch & send feedback
we don't sell ads or employ 'staff' travellers/writers. we try and cover a huge range of countries, changing all the time. if it has helped you, please help us to help others!








last modified: © october 2023 - bookmark this site - copyright information - site map
did you notice? this site is kept banner/google ad free, we prefer it this way, but maybe you might use the various recommended travel resources featured so we can cover our bills.

























