

railroad books magazines and post cards





railroad books & the railroad press magazine back issues,

plus postcards and great gifts for railfans!




click here for our mobile-friendly site!
















































***

announcing our newest 

hardcover

 book!

***




"a railroad life - volume 2


on the road with mike bednar"












click here to order...



there's a new book from the railroad press that is now available!



"

a railroad life : on the road with mike bednar - volume 2

" features 18 episodes of mike bednar's famous railroad stories from 

trp magazine, richly illustrated with vintage photography. this beautiful 128-page hardcover book includes upgraded photos and 

even more color! mike describes railroad operations with incredible detail and you'll enjoy his unique personality and wit! learn 

first-hand what it was like to be a railroader in the 1960's, 70's and 80's!



128 pages

 hardcover



$59.95



now shipping!!!



isbn  978-1-931477-39-6



click here to order...




*** now available -- t-shirts for  railfans!













trains, railroads, rosters, maps, histories -- great info for the railfan, the photographer and the model railroader!
the railroad press magazine is filled with railroad history, maps and photographs -- covering modern, vintage and classic trains. from alco and ge to emd, we have the locomotive information you are looking for! you will find diesel roster and builder lists, along with 

locomotive notes ii -- one of the 

most 

comprehensive and detailed diesel news columns in the country! past railroads covered include the pennsylvania railroad, new york central, amtrak, union pacific, burlington northern, santa fe, bnsf, southern pacific, rock island, penn central, chessie system, conrail, csx, norfolk southern (ns), lehigh valley, delaware & hudson (d&h), reading railroad, erie lackawanna, denver & rio grande western, susquehanna (nys&w), new haven, lehigh & new england (l&ne), boston & maine, jersey central (cnj), soo line, norfolk & western (n&w) birmingham southern, slsf - the "frisco,"louisville & nashville, southern railway, reading & northern, septa, kansas city southern (kcs), lehigh & hudson river (l&hr), grand trunk western (gtw), western pacific, oahu railway & land co. and also the ringling brothers circus train, james e strates carnival train, the 1947 freedom train, the friendship train, the 1975-76 american freedom train and the merci train.





















































we've recently updated our magazine index!

 


use it to find a specific railroad engine number or location






















the railroad press wins their


7th franklin award!




***

we are proud to announce that pennsylvania railroad lines west volume 2


pittsburgh and northeast ohio 1960-1999


has received a 

franklin award for excellence

 in the 2009 


neographics

 competition!







click here for information about our 1st billboard






god bless 

america

!









life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

























children's book section







click here to order back issues












trp


po box 444


hanover, pa 17331


privacy policy: we do not collect any information from you while browsing on our website. if you order any products, we only keep the information you provide on order to process your order. this information is not sold to third parties and only used for efficient processing of future orders and as an internal contact list. we respect your privacy and keep the information on a hard drive, not out on the internet or in the cloud. thank you for supporting the railroad press!





we at trp would like to thank everyone at 



trainweb.com


 













