



pine straw - delivering quality pine needle for garden mulch














































custom pine straw


get a quote now

"the final touch for 
                      gardens and landscapes"
(386) 454-1395 submit your application




our company

home
about us
our blog

pine straw

wholesale pine straw
round pinestraw bales
pine straw delivery
coverage calculator
get a quote!
find a retailer
timberland owners


get a quote
tips & uses

tips & uses
tips & uses videos
pine straw articles
pine straw resources
our blog

trucking services

trucking services
backhauling
driving careers

contact us
careers








 

now introducing round pinestraw bales


 

the final touch for gardens & landscapes


 

renew your outdoor landscape


 

the best pine straw delivered straight to you











who we are
buy direct from the pine straw producer: custom pine straw owns and manages pine timber land. then we hand rake, clean, bale, load and deliver direct to customers.

read more




quality bulk pine straw
fully loaded truckloads of highly compressed pine straw bales delivered to your landscape project.  inventory tagging available for our retail customers.
read more




we'll deliver to you
quality, cleaned and compact pine straw loaded for landscape projects. 



read more








buy wholesale pine straw by the truckload






wholesale square 
						      pine straw bales
								homeowners, businesses and landscapers buy pine straw wholesale direct from us, by the truckload. we deliver anywhere in the u.s.







pine timber  leasing
							  our ongoing care of your pine timberland improves the look and quality of the trees and provides our customers with the best quality pine straw product. 
							









round pinestraw bales
								now offering round pine straw bales sold by the truckload at wholesale pricing. round bales are ideal for landscape professionals and large scale projects.







freight  services
								we have been providing dependable dry/box freight hauling services to and from almost anywhere in the continental united states since 1997!





  

welcome to our web site
our customers choose custom pine straw because of our superior-quality pine needle product, on-time delivery and professional service. we work hard to provide our valued customers with the best pine straw available in the united states. our pine straw is delivered in our dry and well-maintained closed-door trailers. ordering your pine straw is quick and easy.
pine straw is the popular choice when used for landscape and garden mulch and ground cover because of its rich auburn color and organic properties. another draw is that pine straw does not attract many common garden pests such as termites. pinestraw mulch is also high in nitrogen, so as pine needles decompose they make a great fertilizer. pine needles are also an excellent weed deterrent and protect your bushes and trees from rot. 
our customers choose us because of our superior-quality pine needle product, on-time delivery and professional service. we work hard to provide our valued customers with the best pine straw available in the united states. our pine mulch is delivered in our dry and well-maintained closed-door trailers. ordering your pine straw is quick and easy.

clean, fresh, quality pine straw! 	
orders taken 24/7 - deliveries seven days a week! get a quote now or call us at (386) 454-1395.
dependable trucking service anywhere in the united states (including arkansas and virginia).
pine straw  tips and use videos. 

you'll like doing business with us!







you might be interested in:





many uses for pine straw
							  all over the world different species of  pine needles are used for  art, healing, cleaning and more  ...







wholesale pinestraw tips
						  pine straw is economical mulch for garden beds or landscapes of all types ...







pine straw benefits
								pine needles help provide excellent growing conditions for healthy trees, plants and shrubs ...



connect with us:


facebook
google+


linkedin
blog


our pine straw:

is harvested in north florida and south georgia 
is hand cleaned, raked and baled pine mulch 
is superior quality pine mulch 
is wholesale priced
will protect plants from temperature fluctuation 
improves soil fertility 
is good for the environment 
is a lightweight  mulch 
pine needles create attractive landscapes 

"the final touch for gardens & landscapes" 










quick links

wholesale pine straw
get a pine straw quote
freight trucking services
contact us




about custom pine straw
                            buy direct from the producer:  custom pine straw has been a wholesale producer and vendor of pine straw sold by the truckload since 1997. we deliver to most states within the united states (see the list) and also offer backload (freight, backhauls, or return-load) services to and from florida. we also offer dry-container storage that can be rented or leased.
						


also find us at:


facebook
google+


linkedin
blog







custom pine straw ©  privacy policy | site map | developed & maintained by click five media, inc.







