




home page | maine & co














































 

jump to navigation

















maine & co - home





















how we help



business stages


aquaculture


forestry




site selection



guided assistance


research tool




about us



our staff


board & corporation




video library


recent news







let's talk



 










 

home page

helping bring business to maine
ceo to ceo

if maine is where your heart is, let us help you find a way to bring your company here.


home page

experience & connections to help you best
from real estate and workforce needs to access to markets, capital, and supply chain solutions, see how our experienced and connected team can help your business thrive in maine.




startup
it’s an exciting time to be a startup in maine. from the university of maine – an r1 research institution – to northeastern’s roux institute to the university of new england, startups have access to world class educational institutions and talent. 
add in a growing investor class with tremendous access to capital in the boston area and you have a great environment for startups to thrive.




early stage growth
for companies that have their product/market fit established, now it’s time to scale the operation. numerous companies have chosen maine as the place to grow their employee base and footprint. 
we can show you how maine can play a role in your company’s strategic growth plan.




market expansion
as your company continues to expand and grow into more markets, consider maine as a location that can help your company achieve its goals. 
there are lots of opportunities throughout this great state. our team can demonstrate to your company how you can be successful and profitable with an operation in maine.



learn more


maine & co. provides free and confidential consulting services to businesses looking to relocate to maine or expand within maine, including:



real estate site searches 
data collection and analysis
financing coordination




incentives identification and valuation
site visit coordination
workforce analysis



we are your one-stop shop for business relocation or expansion. whether your business needs are driven by specific real estate requirements, labor force availability, incentive maximization, or any other criteria, maine & co. can help you select the business location that best meets your needs.
maine & co. is a private, non-profit corporation with members and a board comprised of senior executives from maine’s top businesses, the maine state chamber of commerce president, and the commissioner of maine’s department of economic & community development.

let’s talk



select the perfect site
utilize this online research tool to find locations, incentives, and updated information on energy, infrastructure, and workforce data.

learn more




in their words
our video library of testimonials and overviews on our services, our expertise, and how our experience serves business executives.

explore videos
























							280 fore street, suite 402 | portland, me 04101						

© 2025 maine & co | designed by sutherland weston
| privacy policy


 
 





