


clubfiestas.com & j.m. photography - home



























































						home
					



						nightlife
					



						dj services
					



						digital photography
					



						halloween
					



						festivals
					





			videos
		







						private
					













join the clubfiestas.com email list.
* indicates required field
name *



first



last





email *






comment *

















submit














welcome to clubfiestas.com.
94.5 float
since  2000, clubfiestas.com was, has been and is one of the first latino  entertainment websites to pioneer a variety of showcases and services  such as: club scene promotion, digital photography, concerts & dj  services among others. gaining the reputation for providing excellent   quality and affordable products as well as staying in the business since  the beginning and surviving the test of time and competition due to it's originality and vision. the main focus of clubfiestas.com is not it's look but it's content.














it's all about having a great time
clubfiestas' fans
having a good time should not be something you only hear about monday mornings at the office. clubfiestas has been in the business of bringing you the best in  all kinds of entertainments and has proven it by showing you the content. so what you see is what you get.




the energy projected by fans
clubfiestas' fans
there is nothing like a fun group who can make a party worth celebrating. when it comes to some real clubfiestas's  fans the mood is right.




elite background dancers
rakim y ken y back up dancers
whenever you go to a concert clubfiestas is there to focus on  the people who works the hardest to make your money's worth paying for.




celebrities injecting life into society
antony santos "romeo" aventura
celebrities of all different levels and fashions have been part of the clubfiestas' showcasing. from singers, actors, models, local & international artists.




pr festival

the puertorican festival has been and is a tradition that clubfiestas has been a part of and keeps showcasing year after year.




dominican festival

the dominican festival is another tradition that no matter the struggles, clubfiestas has kept alive and continues to this day.




baby showers

baby showers, weddings, sweet sixteens, birthday parties, anniversaries, celebrations, fund raisers, graduations and parties in general.  




weddings

clubfiestas has the best reputation when it comes down to dj services. professionalism, equipment, music variety and most important... punctuality: is the characteristic of being able to complete a  required task or fulfill an obligation before or at a previously  designated time. "punctual" is often used synonymously with "on time."   




sweet sixteen & quinceañeros

don't risk your daughter's most cherished celebration with just any dj. experience is everything when it comes down to this business. make it unforgettable after all this is a once in a life time memory.




make it unforgettable 

"don't just count your years, make your years count." ~ ernest meyers 

 




ken y from "rakinm y ken y
cesar evora (actor)
frankie negron salsa singer (right)
henry santos jeter

04.17.10. 
   spring charity fashion event ii
             reggie b productions
04.17.10. 
   spring charity fashion event ii
             reggie b productions
04.17.10. 
   spring charity fashion event ii
             reggie b productions

09.24.09 latin pride national awards
 



 




 















all rights reserved ©2000 - 2021 clubfiestas.com & jm photography







