
































































inside preps | lacrossetribune.com




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-9°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



wisconsin



minnesota



iowa



politics



business



agriculture



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share your story



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnist




sports


high school



college



outdoors



professional



betting




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



music



movies & tv



comics



games



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



faith



contests



play




celebrations


births



birthdays



engagements



weddings



anniversaries



submissions




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




our publications


courier



houston county news



westby times



the journal



vernon county times




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



i love a deal



wisconsin public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









-9°
clear






















high school
college
professional
outdoors





                
                inside preps
                
                    

















        
        
            holmen among teams with strong wiaa wrestling regional performances

the holmen boys and girls wrestling teams were among the most prolific teams at their home wiaa regional on saturday, each seeing 11 competitors advance to the eau claire north sectionals.

















        
        
            5 la crosse area high school girls stars of the week: feb. 12 edition

area girls basketball players dominated the high school sports landscape over the past week. here are this week's standout efforts. 

















        
        
            5 la crosse area high school boys stars of the week: feb. 11 edition

efficient scorers, including one who broke a school record, as well as a dominant wrestler highlight this week's notable athletes. vote for your favorite performance to be the supernova.

















        
        
            3 things to know about la crosse central standout alahnna simpson

la crosse central high school guard alahnna simpson has stood out for the riverhawks in her junior season. here are three things to know about the standout.

















        
        
            5 la crosse boys basketball players lighting it up from 3-point range this season

the 3-pointer is now one of the premier shot selections in high school boys basketball. here are some players from the region who have embraced that change with success.

















        
        
            5 la crosse area high school girls stars of the week: feb. 5 edition

girls basketball standouts and big week from a hockey goaltender lead the way this week. vote for your favorite performance.

















        
        
            5 la crosse area high school boys stars of the week: feb. 4 edition

there were plenty of impressive prep boys athletic performances around the area. vote for your favorite.























        
        
            5 la crosse area high school boys stars of the week: jan. 28 edition




basketball, hockey and wrestling athletes all stood out this week in the la crosse area.




















        
        
            5 la crosse area high school girls stars of the week: jan. 23 edition




high-level scorers and consistent performers headline this week's five notable athletes. vote for your favorite performance. 




















        
        
            5 la crosse area high school boys stars of the week: jan. 22 edition




some big wins on the basketball court highlight the notable performances this week. vote for your favorite




















        
        
            5 performances that stood out from the midwest players classic




the midwest players classic brought together dozens of the best high school basketball teams from the area and beyond. several local players had standout days.


























        
        
            scenes from the midwest players classic at the la crosse center




scenes from the 15th annual midwest players classic basketball invite at the la crosse center featuring high school teams from all over wisconsin and minnesota. 




















        
        
            5 la crosse area high school girls stars of the week: jan. 16 edition




basketball and hockey players stood out this week locally. vote for the supernova, the performance that most stood out to you.




















        
        
            how aquinas' staff continues to develop midwest players classic into must-see invitational




the 15th annual midwest players classic is set for this weekend, but the story behind its growth and organization is as unique as the talent on the hardwood.
































        
        
            5 la crosse area high school boys stars of the week: jan. 14 edtion

the la crosse tribune will recognize the accomplishments of five boys high school athletes from our coverage area each week.




















        
        
            west salem senior brings teams together for alzheimer's awareness

the score of friday's game mattered less than the potential impact of supporting alzheimer's awareness.




















        
        
            5 la crosse area high school girls stars of the week: jan. 9 edition

the la crosse tribune will recognize the accomplishments of five high school girls athletes from our coverage area each week.




















        
        
            5 la crosse area high school boys stars of the week: jan. 7 edition

from the hockey rink to the basketball court and wrestling mat, there's been no shortage of impressive performances across the area in recent weeks. 





















        
        
            5 burning questions for la crosse high school sports going into 2025

what’s to come in 2025 is on the mind of many as the calendar resets, including in high school sports.




















        
        
            meet the high school volleyball all-tribune honorees

a pair of teams took different paths to state, and both have players recognized for their efforts this high school volleyball season.




















        
        
            passion fuels aquinas' 6-rotation hitter to tribune high school volleyball player of the year

it took a lot of questions to build the necessary experience for the four-year varsity player to lead her team to the state championship match.




















        
        
            tribune high school volleyball coach of the year led team up 'a big mountain'

what was supposed to be a rebuild led to an upset-filled run to the state tournament. of course, this coach knows how to win.





















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 
























        
        
            meet the high school football all-tribune honorees

here are the first and second teams, and honorable mention selections for the 2024 all-tribune high school football teams.




















        
        
            logan football's record-setting two-way star named tribune player of the year

this star quarterback was a great passer and impactful runner in his senior season.




















        
        
            coach leading logan football to exceed expectations named tribune coach of the year

for leading his team beyond even their own expectations, this local leader was named tribune football coach of the year.




















        
        
            5 boys high school sports stars of the week: dec. 18 edition

vote for your favorite performance among high school boys basketball and boys hockey stars who stood out in the second week of december.





















        
        
            5 la crosse area high school girls sports stars of the week: dec. 17 edition

this week, we look at five female athletes making contributions to their team’s success, including four basketball players and a gymnast.




















        
        
            why a deforest senior signed to play college football for a team without a coach

a three-star tight end prospect pondered flipping his commitment after west virginia fired neal brown days before he was scheduled to sign. here's how his process played out.




















        
        
            5 high school boys sports stars of the week: dec. 11 edition

the la crosse tribune will recognize the accomplishments of five boys high school athletes from our coverage area each week. vote for your favorite performance.





















        
        
            scenes from west salem versus holmen boys basketball

scenes from west salem's boys basketball win over holmen on tuesday night. 









more inside preps



























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


advertise with us

buy & sell

real estate

jobs

classifieds

celebrations

shop local businesses

la crosse restaurants and dining guide

bike trail guide

contact us

work here

online features

get healthy




services


la crosse tribune

courier

houston county news

the journal

vernon county times

winona daily news

chippewa herald

dunn county news

river valley media group

become a carrier

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        la crosse tribune, 1407 st. andrew st., suite a100 la crosse, wi 54603
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























