



























child support services | attorney general brian schwalb










      skip to main content
  






the child support services division (cssd) will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025 for presidents’ day. the office will reopen on tuesday, february 18, 2025 at 8:15am.










office of the attorney general for the district of columbia


top menu


contact


newsroom







select languageenglishamharicchinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)frenchkoreanspanishvietnamese



a a+





search















office of the attorney general for the district of columbia


main menu



about
oag




consumer
protection




child
support




public
safety




worker
rights




tenant
resources




jobs & partner
opportunities





menu


i would like to...


i would
like to...


file a consumer complaint
access victim services
file a claim against the district
find info about laws and legal opinions
make a public records request
get latest news and events
attend a community event
invite oag to my event
















child support services








the child support services division (cssd) is dedicated to establishing parentage and obtaining child support. cssd focuses on this activity to encourage responsible parenting, family self-sufficiency, and child well-being as well as to recognize the essential role of both parents in supporting their children. the district’s child support program assures that assistance in obtaining support is available to children through locating parents, establishing parentage, establishing and modifying support obligations, monitoring and enforcing those obligations, and assisting with barriers to employment.
 
 








facebook




email




print




x










 
    child support services language support
    

servicios de manutención infantil apoyo lingüístico (spanish)
የልጅ ድጋፍ አገልግሎቶች የቋንቋ ድጋፍ (amharic)
儿童抚养服务 语言支持 (simplified chinese)
services de pension alimentaire pour enfants soutien linguistique (french)
아동 지원 서비스 언어 지원 (korean)
dịch vụ hỗ trợ trẻ em hỗ trợ ngôn ngữ (vietnamese)


link
https://oag.dc.gov/child-support-services/accessing-cssd-language-support











landing submenu





services
learn about the variety of services that cssd offers to help meet the needs of children and strengthen families.






receiving support
cssd assists the person caring for a child to seek support from the child's other parent(s). learn about how to start a case and work with cssd to secure financial and medical support to meet your child's needs.






paying support
both parents have an obligation to meet the needs of their child(ren). learn about how cssd engages with parents to encourage the payment of support in a timely and consistent manner.






employers
when an employed parent is ordered to pay support, contact with the employer(s) is an important part of securing support. learn how cssd collaborates with employers to meet the financial and medical support needs of children.






resources
at times, meeting the needs of children and families goes beyond the help that cssd can offer. learn about additional community resources that are in place to assist families.






about cssd
the child support services division (cssd) is a critical part of the dc office of the attorney general (oag). learn about cssd's structure and operations.






main content







 
quick links




enroll for child support services





online case lookup





calculate support





make a payment






 
featured cssd videos







working with the dc child support services division (cssd)








working with cssd after you have a child support order








working with cssd when your circumstances change








 
connect with cssd from anywhere
did you know that a trip to the cssd office may not be necessary to receive cssd services?
child support staff are available to assist you by:

telephone
email
virtual appointment

visit obtaining information about your case or contact the cssd customer service team at (202) 442-9900 for more information about accessing cssd services from anywhere!
this website is supported by grant number 2401dcscss 2501dcscss from the office of child support services within the administration for children and families, a division of the u.s. department of health and human services. neither the administration for children and families nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse this website (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided). the opinions, findings, conclusions, and recommendations expressed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the administration for children and families and the office of child support services.













sign up for the oag enewsletter












connect with us
twitter
facebook
instagram
linkedin
bluesky
threads












attorney general brian schwalb



office hours
monday to friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
400 6th street, nw, washington, dc 20001 phone: (202) 727-3400 fax: (202) 347-8922 tty: (202) 727-3400 email: oag@dc.gov




footer


newsroom


about oag


consumer protection


child support


public safety


tenant resources


worker rights


job & partner opportunities


invite oag to appear at an event






additional contacts
for adult felony and federal cases in the district of columbia, call the u.s. attorney's office at (202) 252-7566.
for federal cases generally, call the u.s. department of justice at (202) 514-2000.






an official website of thedistrict of columbia government


© 2024 oag dc. all rights reserved.
powered by i.f. 










