







leighcrews.com | fitness innovation & development


































 







twitterfacebookinstagramlinkedinrssmail






home
blog
movers & shakers
about
contact


      







welcome to leighcrews.com!
 idea world:
fitness instructor of the year
 vogue:
one of “america’s best trainers”
 fitness pro:
concept developer & trainer of trainers
 


leigh crews is an idea world fitness instructor of the year (2011) she is the ceo of dynalife inc., a fitness innovation, development, implementation and training company and a senior master course instructor for trx. leigh presents internationally, has appeared on cnn, qvc and other american networks and provides development consultation for companies and organizations including trx, reebok, idea, afaa and others. her programs include reebok final cuts, the flow yoga series and unleashing the athlete with zen. the women in fitness association has recognized leigh as one of an elite group of leaders in the “women who birthed an industry” event at ihrsa 2018.

mypassion for fitness set me on an unconventional career path for a small town southern girl. it’s taken me from instructor to studio owner to program manager. from competition judge to international presenter to professional consultant. along the way i’ve grown and learned and seized opportunities to expand and diversify. closer to home, i’ve known the pressures a woman can face, managing the dynamics of career, family and personal spaces. i wouldn’t change much about my journey so far and i feel humbled as i try to take it all in. best of all, the journey has led to many of the incredible people in my life and i treasure those special connections above all. 

more…
background photo © tom ivicevic, used with permission.
“reading through the “functional programming for stability-mobility and movement” section of the new ace manual.. realizing how far ahead of their time leigh crews and all the reebok master trainers were in the late 90’s with final cuts and 4 ways strong…glad the industry finally caught up with you:).” ~ rebecca wyatt nevitt, owner of rwn fitness training and multisport coaching

“i just had the luck of spending 3 days working at the wonderful home of the amazing leigh crews – so yes to the two things you have always wanted to know about her.
1. yes! her closets and pantry are just as organized as her workshop materials
2. yes! she is even a greater hostess than you can imagine.
next award, “hostess of the year!”. ok, it’s time to raise my “a” game (and organize my closets).” ~ petra kolber, international fitness presenter








categories commentary

fitness

foodie frenzie

gadgets

guest blog

medicine

news

not that

people

pets

places

recipes

reviews

science

short & sweet

survey

things

wordplay








© copyright - leighcrews.com - wordpress premium theme by kriesi













