
















cal ripken, sr. foundation | cal ripken sr. foundation































      skip to main content
    













































utility navigation


resource portal


blog


events






fundraising events








newsroom


contact us


search




primary navigation


about us






annual report


about us


programs


founders


impact


mission


frequently asked questions


foundation staff


board


20th anniversary spotlights


feature of the month








programs






programs


law enforcement & mentorship






badges for baseball








stem education






elementary & middle school stem programs








camps






summer camp








education & guidance






college day experience


healthy choices, healthy children


healthy lifestyles


i'm great








community building






community enhancement projects








child protection








parks






parks eligibility requirements


parks list


parks overview








get involved






donate


sponsor


attend an event


charity auctions


volunteer











  donate now  























transforming communities, changing kids' lives

about us







    news



ripken foundation, exelon, and peco impact youth through stemfebruary 17, 2025
read more »








    blog posts



ripken foundation, worthington direct, and marco team up for stem educationfebruary 17, 2025
read more »








    events



2025 aspire galamarch 22, 2025read more »














reach and impact




reach & impact
in 2024, the ripken foundation collaborated with 1,237 schools, local youth-serving partners and law enforcement agencies in 484 communities in 47 states and washington, d.c.  to impact over 1.4 million youth. the ripken foundation portal, which gives mentors access to our program curriculum guides, impacted 410,738 of those youth. in addition, we now have 655 stem centers completed in 25 states and washington, d.c. giving over 275,000 kids the early exposure and hands-on opportunity to explore science, technology, engineering and math. 



 








mentoring




mentoring
in 2023, over 25,000 coaches, law enforcement officers, teachers, volunteers, and other youth mentors worked with the kids in our programs. badges for baseball, our signature crime prevention and mentoring program, impacted 30,289 kids in 122 communities. 


 








youth development parks




youth development parks
we’re adding more of our signature youth development parks every year—creating safe places to play and renewing community pride.  




 












score big with our resource portal
create your free account to access a stellar lineup of positive youth development resources. you will find easy-to-use training materials, videos, and other tools to help coaches and mentors make a lasting difference.



your email address:



first name:



last name:



i accept the terms & conditions associated with the use of the resource portal.

request access





testimonials
we love to hear how the cal ripken, sr. foundation has positively impacted the lives of our mentors and at-risk youth. if you have a positive experience with the foundation that you would like to share, please submit a story. you might be featured below or on our social media outlets!




‌



 









 



“
            i remember meeting ernie graham on the second day of the crsf summer camp and listening to the story he told us about how he went from rags to riches to rags. i can honestly say that the summer camp was the reason i came back to school and decided to become a smart athlete.

      ”

cornell powell


former cal ripken, sr. foundation summer camp participant














 



“
            the badges for baseball program was a 100% law enforcement participation program and the kids that participated were at-risk kids who would never speak or communicate with the police. that has changed drastically, these kids now run up to the police cruisers and they want to talk to the police.

      ”

sgt. randy shaw


stafford county, virginia














 



“
            the badges for baseball program has yielded results that were unforeseen.  the relationships made will be lifelong and the green bay police department is eager to continue on with the program.

      ”

officer kevin warych


green bay police department














 



“
            this crsf camp trip was packed with “first’s” for most of the members that joined me: it was the first time these members traveled out of state and for some, the first time at a baseball camp. although the camp was loaded with memories, what stuck with my group of boys the most was the bonding they had with our roommates after all the activities were done.

      ”

bj kolb


boys and girls club of green bay














 



“
            i can remember back to my first day in the badges for baseball program. the police officers were amazing, coming out to all the practices and games. they had a big influence on me, and because of them, i am now studying to become a police officer at fox valley tech in appleton, wisconsin. it wouldn’t have been possible without badges for baseball. 

      ”

alex steward


former badges for baseball participant














 



“
            i have seen students come out of their shells, they are answering questions, they are building relationships with police officers and it is a very positive program in the schools.

      ”

tricia winkler


principal, lima south science-technology magnet














 



“
            although our gym can be quite chaotic during the badges for baseball program, it has been rewarding to see the kids practice sportsmanship and leadership during games. i've had multiple students ask me, ‘can we come back every day?’ it's questions like those that make all the chaos worthwhile.

      ”

carrie marsh


mentor, y of central maryland








 


sponsors
the cal ripken, sr. foundation is grateful for the support of the generous sponsors who share our vision and make our work possible.




 
















































































































































 

 

















































































































































































 












quick links


blog


careers


gms login


privacy policy


terms of service


contact us









twitter
loading ...
@calripkensrfdn








blog





related program
- any -11th annual men's college basketball tip-off 12th annual college season tip-off luncheon17th annual ripken golf classic18th annual ripken golf classic2017 aspire gala2017 college season tip-off event2017 creighton farms golf classic2017 game changers: an evening with baseball legends joe maddon & cal ripken, jr.2017 ripken foundation golf classic2017 ripken foundation softball classic2017 ripkens uncorked2018 aspire gala2018 college season tip-off2018 creighton farms golf classic2018 ripken foundation golf classic2018 ripken softball classic2018 ripken windy city golf classic2018 ripkens uncensored, a conversation with bill and cal ripken2018 ripkens uncorked2018 smoke & barrel, a cigar and bourbon tasting event with cal ripken, jr. & jonathan ogden2019 aspire gala2019 college season tip-off2019 creighton farms golf tournament2019 game changers2019 oysters and crabs with cal2019 ripken foundation & pga reach middle atlantic golf invitational2019 ripken golf classic2019 ripken softball classic2019 ripkens uncorked2019 smoke & barrel2019 windy city golf classic2020 aspire gala2020 creighton farms golf classic2020 ripken golf classic2020 ripken softball classic2020 ripkens uncorked2020 windy city golf classic changed to golf outing at caves valley golf club2021 aspire gala, a virtual celebration2021 events - stay tuned!2021 mark butler memorial golf tournament 2021 ripken softball classic2022 ripkens uncorked 2023 creighton farms golf classic2023 mark butler memorial golf tournament2023 ripkens uncorked 2024 creighton farms golf classic2024 ripkens uncorked2025 aspire galaamerican university college daybaseball and birds in the big applebeau biden foundation cliniccal ripken, sr. foundation summer camp - august first weekcal ripken, sr. foundation summer camp - august second weekcommunity enhancement project at garfield high school with ecomedia and hondaeddie murray field ribbon cuttingflorida gulf coast university - college daygame changers greater naples ymca adaptive clinicharrisburg - tri-community stem center ribbon cuttingjames madison university - college day experiencekent state college dayliving classrooms clinicmaryland school for the blind- blind beep baseball tournamentmiracle league of olathe end of season clinic and dedicationmontclair hs - niagara cares volunteer day eventncef naples campnorth carolina badges for baseball celebration dayoysters and crabs with cal ripken foundation stem challengesmoke & barrelspringfield college dayteam8 tour - dallas, txteam8 tour - indianapolisteam8 tour - new yorkteam8 tour- jersey cityuniversity of dayton college dayuniversity of maryland college day experienceuniversity of southern mississippi college day experience

apply




ripken foundation, worthington direct, and marco team up for stem educationfeb 17, 2025

ripken foundation and ciena announce collaboration on new stem centerfeb 12, 2025

cal ripken, sr. foundation nationwide stem initiativedec 03, 2024


view all posts »










newsletter signup

 





by submitting this form, you are granting: cal ripken, sr. foundation, 1427 clarkview road, suite 100, baltimore, maryland, 21209, united states, http://www.ripkenfoundation.org permission to email you. you may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (see our email privacy policy for details.) emails are serviced by constant contact.













          
site design by r2integrated
 

© 2020 the cal ripken, sr. foundation. all rights reserved. the cal ripken, sr. foundation (crsf) does not accept verbal or written solicitations of any sort (including autographs) from companies, organizations, and/or individuals unless invited to do so by crsf. 
this web site is funded in part through a grant from the office of juvenile justice delinquency prevention, office of justice programs, u.s. department of justice. neither the u.s. department of justice nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse, this web site (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided). 



facebook 
instagram 
youtube  
twitter 
tiktok 























