






the fibroid center of pennsylvania - uterine fibroid
embolization - interventional radiology alternative to hysterectomy uterine fibroids artery embolization interventional associates





















       your browser does not support css.  please upgrade to s modern browser.





home



         information center
      

pre-procedure assesment
introductory video
patient information form
discharge instructions




         about us
      

dr. ball's biography
dr. daniels' biography

dr. leschak's' biography
dr. putnam's biography
dr. thomas' biography
presentation slides















the fibroid center of pennsylvania
interventional associates
342 west germantown pike, suite 309 · east norriton, pa 19403
for more information or to schedule a consultation call
610 275-8346 / fax: 610 279-3310 







interventional radiology - uterine fibroid embolization (ufe)
for information 
              or to schedule a consultation,
              call 215 462-2100


providing interventional radiology
                 services at:


american access care - cherry hill
                        207 south kings highway, suite 2
                        cherry hill, nj 08034
                        phone: 856 616-8600

                 for inpatient care at the following hospitals,
                 call 610 275-8346.
                 
chestnut hill hospital
fox chase cancer center
montgomery hospital
mercy suburban hospital
pennsylvania hospital





"the intelligent alternative to hysterectomy."

one hour, one night, one week™

one hour - approximate procedure time.
one night stay in the hospital.
one week average recovery time.
and you are finished suffering from fibroids.











before ufe

12 months after




the above is a mri of the most desirable fibroid type for uterine
        fibroid embolization (ufe) treatment; a single prominent predominantly
        sub-mucosal fibroid which after embolization gently sloughs, layer by
        layer, until it is a fraction of its former size on the 12 month
        follow-up mri evaluation.

is uterine fibroid embolization right for you?
all fibroids of the uterus are not the same. for this reason, we
        utilize mri to best see the fibroids and other findings within the
        uterus. in the past ultrasound has been utilized; however, ultrasound
        evaluation does not provide accurate enough description of the location
        of the fibroids and possible additional findings.


an integrated approach involving some of the best
        gynecologists in the city.
we can work together with your gynecologist.
there are many treatments for uterine fibroids. for many women
        uterine fibroid embolization may be the best treatment. however, there 
        are times when alternative treatment is more appropriate. for example, 
        the first case referred
        was a woman who had complained of symptoms and on ultrasound was found
        to have a prominent posterior fibroid. however, on mri evaluation, the
        fibroid was shown to be peduncluated, or hanging on a stalk, behind the
        uterus.
this fibroid did not require embolization. the fibroid could have
        been embolized prior to laparoscopic removal, myomectomy, to further
        decrease the risk of blood loss. however, the patient was referred back
        to her gynecologist who specializes in laparoscopic surgery and who was
        able to laparoscopically clip the fibroid stalk and remove the fibroid
        while preserving the uterus.
 

history of uterine fibroid embolization (ufe)
the procedure uterine fibroid embolization (ufe) was first developed
        as an additional treatment prior to hysterectomy. blood loss has long
        been known to be a significant problem during hysterectomy. in order to
        attempt to alleviate significant blood loss a group of interventional
        radiologists working in conjunction with gynecologists in   france
        began embolizing the uterine arteries of prospective hysterectomy
        patients prior to the hysterectomy. the arteries leading to the uterus
        were blocked with fine particles to decrease the blood supply to the
        uterus hence the initial name uterine artery embolization or uae.
some of the patients who had symptomatic fibroids after having
        initial embolization refused to go on to hysterectomy stating that their
        symptoms were cured. retrospective analysis illustrated that patients
        with fibroids were found to be relieved of their symptoms with this
        embolization procedure alone.
research documenting efficacy, safety and fda
        approval.
extensive research in uterine fibroid embolization (ufe) has since
        been conducted over the last years throughout the   united
        states and most prominently at georgetown university by dr. james spies, one of the world authorities on
        the subject of uterine fibroid embolization. dr. spies conducted initial studies on various
        important aspects of ufe. x-ray guidance is used to locate the arteries
        supplying the fibroids, and dr. spies' studies showed the radiation dose
        during the procedure was extremely low. outcomes on uterine fibroid and embolization illustrated 90% success rates, initial evaluation of
        embosphere, microspheres and subsequent fda approval of embospheres for
        fibroid embolization and studies on menopause illustrating that only
        women in their late forties and above who underwent embolization had any
        increased risk of being advanced into the menopausal/peri-menopausal
        symptoms. of course many patients who are suffering from symptomatic
        fibroids at that age are not reluctant to go into menopause and would
        welcome this change if it occurred in order to stop the severe bleeding
        and pain/pressure symptoms.
overview of uterine fibroid embolization
procedure performed by the physicians of 
        interventional associates
a group of board certified and exceptionally experienced
        cardiovascular and interventional radiologists; members of the innovative
        sub-specialty of radiology that invented angioplasty as well as uterine
        fibroid embolization
with the gathering of significant evidence illustrating that uterine
        fibroid embolization is a safe, effective treatment for symptomatic
        uterine fibroids; interventional radiologists have been offering the
        service throughout the nation. to date over 50,000 women worldwide have
        had ufe. the physicians of interventional associates have performed numerous
        successful fibroid embolizations, including one of the first successful
        fibroid embolizations prior to successful in-vitro fertilization (ivf)
        and successful pregnancy.
before we can evaluate the patient to see if she is a candidate for
        uterine fibroid embolization, an mri of the pelvis is obtained. we
        insist that if at all possible, the mri be completed a closed magnet,
        not an open mri. we have had misdiagnosis with the lower field strengths
        of the open mri providing not quite as accurate information about
        fibroids and concomitant abnormalities including adenomyosis or
        adenomyomas resembling fibroids. for this reason, we insist that if at
        all possible, the mri be conducted in a high field closed magnet of 1.5
        tesla or above both pre-and post gadolinium enhancement.

 
after the mri is completed and all documentation from a patient's
        gynecologist is obtained, a meeting between the patient and attending physician will be
        scheduled. at that meeting, we will review the mri findings (we will need
        a copy of the mri and copy of the report) and determine whether the
        fibroids and any concomitant findings will be amenable to, likely
        amenable to or unlikely amenable to uterine fibroid embolization.
at that time we will attempt to answer any questions about the
        procedure as well as provide information on pain control during and
        after the procedure which will be best discussed by any anesthesiologist
        who would be available to perform epidural anesthesia, if desired.
the procedure uterine fibroid embolization or ufe








before ufe

after




the procedure utilizes state of the art imaging with million+ dollar
        x-ray equipment to guide access to the arteries supplying the fibroids.
        initial contrast injection demonstrates the blood supply to the fibroids
        documented on the mri.





before ufe

after




then embospheres are inserted into the blood supply to the fibroids
        immediately stopping the bleeding. care is taken to preserve the small
        myometrial branches feeding the uterus. post embolization angiogram
        illustrates no flow to the fibroids.

three months after the procedure a follow-up mri is done to confirm
        the fibroids have been devascularized and are shrinking with post
        contrast imaging showing no enhancement of the fibroids confirming a
        successful procedure. the fibroids will continue to shrink over the
        course of one year.

lower complication rates than hysterectomy
although the procedure of uterine fibroid embolization has been shown
        to have fewer complications than a hysterectomy or a myomectomy, and
        lower costs as well, there are still risks to the procedure. we work to
        minimize the unlikely risks which include deep venous thrombosis, post
        procedural infection, damage to the arteries, as well as embolization of
        non-target systems.
after conducting many successful uterine fibroid embolizations our
        team is well-versed in trying to eliminate any of these risks. in order
        to decrease the risk of deep venous thrombosis during and after the
        procedure we utilize sequential compression devices on the legs to
        facilitate venous movement of blood and decrease the likelihood of
        venous stasis and formation of deep venous thrombus during and after the
        procedure. decreasing or eliminating hormonal medications prior to the
        procedure further decreases the likely hood of clots forming within the
        veins in the immediate post procedure time period.
in order to decrease the risk of infection we administer
        pre-procedure antibiotics as well as scrub the groin access areas with
        antiseptic agents that have been proven to decrease the likelihood of
        infection. sterile procedures are adhered to stringently.
extreme caution is utilized in accessing the arteries as well as
        embolizing the targeted fibroids. extensive experience in conducting
        this procedure and experience with careful arterial access, utilization
        of fda approved particles, embospheres, and extreme care and experience
        in placement of the particles will be utilized to minimize/eliminate,
        any chance of non-target embolization and maximize chances of a
        successful procedure.
post procedure care
post procedure, after the embolization has been completed, the
        catheters are removed and no closure devices are utilized. closure
        devices such as suture closure devices or collagen plug seals have
        complication rates higher than that of holding direct pressure on the
        arterial sites for 15 to 20 minutes. we choose holding pressure, the
        safest, although more time consuming method. after the procedure, the
        patient is required to lay flat/sitting at 20-30 degrees with legs
        straight for six hours to minimize chances of bleeding or development of
        hematomas in the groin sites.
after completion of the procedure the patient is placed on an
        intravenous patient controlled anesthesia (pca) pump unless epidural
        anesthesia is preferred. there are risks and benefits to each of these
        forms of anesthesia. with the pca pump there may be some pain associated
        with the immediate post procedure time period. the patient senses pain
        and she presses a button and a pump delivers the morphine needed for
        pain control. the patients who choose to epidural pain control the
        procedure is virtually pain-free. however, there are additional risks of
        the epidural placement itself, and this is best discussed by an
        anesthesiologist on staff prior to the procedure if epidural pain
        control is desired or will be considered by the patient.
the patient will be admitted to the gynecologic wing of the hospital
        for overnight observation during which time nausea prevention and pain
        control medications will be administered by our team of experienced and
        careful nursing staff and health care providers.
home the next morning
the patient will be transitioned to oral medications the morning
        after the procedure and if there are no difficulties, will be discharged
        with oral anti-inflammatory, anti- nausea, and pain control medications.
the patient will be given detailed post procedural instructions.
        typically this post procedural recovery time is approximately seven
        days. during this time the patient will be instructed to take
        anti-inflammatory medications as well as pain control medications at
        home.
typically women can return to work or regular activity in
        approximately seven days.
after the procedure the patient will be given instructions to check
        in by telephone in one day, one week, and one-month. three months after
        treatment, a post procedural mri will be utilized to assess success of
        embolization. a post procedure mri will be obtained and physician
        evaluation will be sooner in the unlikely event that symptoms occur.





before ufe

12 months after




90% success rate
the procedure is 90 percent successful. this means that 90 percent of
        the patients who are deemed to be candidates for the procedure will
        undergo the procedure successfully and will not need any further
        treatment for their fibroids.
the other 10%
10% of women may require further procedures. this may include
        treatment for unlikely complications including deep venous thrombus or
        infection which is treated in an expeditious manner. more likely the
        additional procedure needed is hysteroscopic evaluation (looking into
        the uterus with a scope performed by a qualified gynecologist) for sub-mucosal
        fibroids that are passed into the uterine cavity and require assistance
        in passing through the opening to the vagina. a small percentage may
        require hysterectomy or a second uterine fibroid embolizaiton if
        symptoms persist. knowing that hysterectomy used to be the only
        alternative for symptomatic fibroids, hysterectomy can now be used as a
        last resort. although hysterectomy may have a higher complication rate
        than uterine fibroid embolization, fibroid embolization prior to
        hysterectomy will decrease the likelihood of significant blood loss
        during the unlikely event of a subsequent hysterectomy.
there are some patients that may be better served by hysterectomy
        although their fibroids seem to be amenable to embolization. this subset
        of women includes those who have a strong family history of uterine
        cancer, or who suspect themselves to have symptoms of uterine cancer
        including bleeding between periods rather than heavy menstrual bleeding
        alone. an endometrial biopsy or d&c performed by a gynecologist may
        be needed in the assessment of these women.
not just jehovahs witnesses want to avoid blood
        transfusion.
many of the patients who have been referred to me in philadelphia
        already are severely symptomatic. they have extremely low hemoglobin
        levels and have been treated extensively with hormones and suffer severe
        breakthrough bleeding and some are near catastrophe, including having
        blood transfusions prior to fibroid embolization. our goal is to avoid
        blood transfusions whenever possible. please note that fibroid
        embolization may be completed safely even in women with very low
        hemoglobin/hematocrit levels. these levels begin to rise immediately
        after fibroid embolization, hopefully avoiding blood transfusion.


the intelligent alternative to hysterectomy.™
for the majority of the women who suffer from symptomatic fibroids,
        uterine fibroid embolization has been documented to be a safe and
        effective alternative to hysterectomy and is now available to the women
        of philadelphia and the surrounding areas. please
        let us know if we can help you.
the intelligent alternative to hysterectomy ™
 
       








american access care - cherry hill
                        207 south kings highway, suite 2
                        cherry hill, nj 08034
                        phone: 856 616-8600
       



       the fibroid center of pennsylvania
       interventional associates
       342 west germantown pike, suite 309 · east norriton, pa  19403
610 275-8346 / fax: 610 279-3310
  
    






site designed by 
       coastal techgnologies / websfirst, inc.





