





cat writers' association, inc.




 




































 skip to main contentcat writers' association, inc.professionals writing, publishing, and broadcasting about catsfacebookinstagramtwitteryoutube
search this website
home
about cwa

our members

our leaders
cwa committee contacts


non-profit status
media contact


contest
conference
book list
members only area
join us

new applicant submission guidelines
cwa membership application
goals of the cat writers’ association
testimonials!


blog
home



















❮
❯



latest news


 
southwest regional event
tickets are on sale now for the 2025 cat writers’ association southwest regional event, march 7-9, 2025 in fort smith, arkansas.
connect with fellow cat enthusiasts, share your work, and get inspired!
details here.


 
beware of fraudulent emails
some members have received emails from a third party offering to "sell" you a mailing list of the cat writers association's members or conference attendees. these emails are fraudulent and meant to extort money from you. our list of members remains private and only available to other cwa members. if you receive such an email, please treat it as you would any other spam message. 
 
time for membership renewals
new! this year we include an option to upload a headshot photo for the (private) members-only directory and for use in other member recognition efforts, so our members can get to know each other a little better. if you would prefer not to be pictured, feel free not to upload a photo. renew your cwa membership here.

 
2024 cwa fundraiser
the 2024 fundraiser raised $1,200 for everycat health foundation. thank you to everyone who participated!


read more about everycat health foundation at:    
http://go.rallyup.com/cwa2024




the members’ book directory is live! you can access it via the book list menu option. take a peek and find your next cat book to read!


learn more about the benefits of being a member.

learn more



recent posts
 


who are the cat writers’ association: joey lusvardi
who are the cat writers’ association: petra luna
who are the cat writers’ association: amelia hendrey
the one and only miss kitty

 




current cwa member? click below to access our members only area.

members only area


about cwa
privacy policy
join us
the cwa is committed to keeping the site accessible to everyone. we welcome feedback on ways that we can improve the site’s accessibility. if you use assistive technology and the format of our web material interferes with your ability to access the information, please email our president to be provided with further assistance.

disclaimer: the cat writers' association never solicits donations on behalf of specific cwa members. there is one cwa-sponsored fundraiser held once a year in conjunction with our annual conference, which benefits a non-profit cat organization. any correspondence from an email address you haven't seen before should be ignored and not considered affiliated with cwa in any way.

contact us: president, secretary, treasurer

copyright © 2025 · cat writers' association, inc. 













