shop our 2024 everyday collectionlog inmenubrandscategoriessearchthe world at your store-step.we search the world for the finest examples of specialty food. we partner with producers we're inspired by, we learn their stories and help connect them with like-minded retailers in the canadian market. by industry convention we are importers and distributors, but by our definition we are more than just a transit-way. we take immense pride in supporting the businesses of both our producers and our retailers and take great responsibility in our role. we only feel we can be successful in our business if we can genuinely understand and positively affect the businesses of all our partners. working with a team of caring professionals both at our head office and across canada, our greatest accomplishments come from seeing the people we work with succeed in their goals and continue to commit to their calling or craft.our processdiscoverto succeed in innovation, we believe you must constantly be in a mode of discovery. like any great passion in life, one is never finished learning about it, and over the years we have had the continued pleasure to both search and acquire culinary treasures across the world. we know how important it is to have something unique and outstanding in quality to offer. working together, we’ll provide you with both the best industry innovations as well as the time-honoured traditions stemming from centuries of experience and the cherished family recipes of expert craft producers that are enjoyed at tables across the globe.developas a family business with over 40 years of history, we believe intrinsically in relationships and we mark our accomplishments by the work we can do together. many of our customers and brand partners date back to our very first foray into the food industry decades ago. combined with our sense of discovery, we leverage the strength of our relationships in the industry to consistently bring fresh new products and the finest examples of time tested artisinal staples to our friends and customers across canada. deliverfrom ocean containers across the atlantic to a single box delivered to your door, our priority is to get you what you want when you need it. an intrinsic part of what we do is to ensure our products arrive to you by the most efficient and cost-effective method. we have a specialized understanding of industry logistics and we make it a point to continually improve our expertise. where can you find our products?from coast to coast, we find it truly incredible that our products are enjoyed daily at the tables of canadians.specialty food shopswhatever your expertise and vision, we're here to help support your positioning and anchor your offering. we understand how important it is to provide curated choice and selection to your customers and approach our portfolio with this same level of commitment. with close to 1000 specialty items in the dovetale portfolio, our goal is to ensure diversity and quality are always available for your shelves.grocery storesas a family company with a long-term vision, we've seen the exciting development of canadian grocery over the past 45 years and during that time have had the pleasure of establishing long-lasting demand for our brands with select national retailers.  experienced and prepared for the logistical and administrative needs of this channel, our business keeps us at the fore-front of how canadians shop and as trailblazers in the specialty food category.department stores & online retailersone of the most interesting and enduring changes in canada over the last decade has been the cultural and lifestyle adaptations around specialty food and the way canadians are shopping for these items. whether cooking, entertaining or gifting is at the heart of your business, we are here to work with the interests of your customers and develop an offering that supports your core values.hotels & restaurantshospitality and service always come down to the details, and we have a wide array of products on offer to help ensure your guests experience will be memorable to the last sip, drop or bite. many of our partner brands actually began their businesses working in the hotel and restaurant industry and understanding these high standards for excellence.  "a balanced diet is a cookie in each hand."– barbara johnsonaddress5360 canotek road unit 24gloucester on canada k1j 9e5contact1-877 746-6698info@dovetalecollections.comtel: (613) 746-6698fax: (613) 746-2135usefulnew sitefaqhelpabout ussupport

