




blue flame kitchen | calgary event venue | cooking classes | café







































events & catering


overview




corporate event




special celebration




arts & entertainment




stampede event




meeting room




holiday events






















            explore our venue
        























            catering
        







classes


overview




private cooking classes




team building cooking classes




feed it forward cooking class




kids summer camps






















            private cooking classes
        























            team building cooking classes
        







café


bfk express


recipes & how-to


overview




recipes




collections




special occasions




menu plans






















            how-to
        























            digital cookbooks & guides
        






more



                        shop
                    


 

































kids summer camps
our summer camps are back
limited spots available. register now so you don't miss out!




            register now
        











new café menu
a taste of comfort
our new fall & winter menu features dishes that will keep you warm all season long. 




            view menu
        











feed it forward program
book your new year charitable team builder
join a team building cooking class for a great cause.




            book your class
        











meeting rooms
spring dates available
book one of our meeting rooms and hands-on cooking class for your team.




            book today
        

















                your event deserves the best
            

location, decoration, coordination. when it comes to planning an event, there are so many intricate details to consider and you want everything to be perfect. you want to leave a lasting impression on your guests. you want the right team to bring your visions to life. and that’s where we come in.
at blue flame kitchen, we raise the bar for event venues in calgary. recently recognized with the unique venues planner’s choice award, we’ve earned a reputation for delivering exceptional experiences. from the smallest details to the grandest arrangements, we’ll treat your event like the masterpiece it is and give it the best of everything.























meeting rooms












                spring dates available!
            

planning an off-site meeting? book one of our fully-equipped meeting rooms and hands-on cooking classes to wrap up the day with your team. 
reach out to our events team to learn more and secure your date.





            book your meeting room
        




















calgary events





























calgary cooking classes


















group cooking classes












                bring your teams together
            

led by an expert red seal chef in our fully equipped kitchen, your team will get hands-on experience preparing dishes inspired by exotic cuisines from around the world. 
our themed classes offer ample opportunities for everyone to build camaraderie while having a great time. at the end of it all, you’ll get to sit down at our communal table and enjoy the delicious fruits of your labour.





            book your class
        

































catering












                enjoy chef-made pickup meals 
            

for simpler occasions like office lunches and casual gatherings, we offer a delicious selection of sandwiches, baked goods and shareable platters available for pickup.
each meal is freshly prepped, packed and ready for you to pick up and serve at your location. 





            place an order
        




















calgary catering





















venue














                spectacular in every sense
            

featuring gorgeous wooden architecture, floor-to-ceiling windows and vast open spaces, atco park is the ultimate destination for your next event. 
































































































































            explore our venue
        





























who we are












                calgary's leading events and culinary professionals
            

since 1929, blue flame kitchen has been a mecca for all things in the kitchen. today, we combine our culinary talents and one-of-a-kind venue to deliver exceptional event experiences for calgarians. 
our unique venues planner’s choice award reflects our ongoing commitment to excellence.





            more about us
        















































90+












years in business
































500+












events hosted
































8












red seal chefs
































what we offer














                delightful culinary experiences
            

we offer so much more than just an event venue. bringing people together through great-tasting food is at the heart of everything we do.



















café
                    

visit our café for a hearty breakfast or lunch.














bfk express
                    

check out our line of ready-to-eat deli products.














holiday meals
                    

order our chef-made meals for your next gathering.
































location :
the commons at atco park
5302 forand st sw, calgary
ab t3e 8b4
general inquiries: 403-245-7630
email us
events & classes: 403-700-7621
email us
 


café hours : 
monday – friday : 8 am – 3 pm




































            newsletter
        








            about us
        








            contact us
        










            cooking classes
        








            café
        








            community investment
        










privacy
terms of use
*blue flame kitchen is a trademark of atco ltd. used under license.

copyright 2025 atco ltd.
all rights reserved.







customers are free to purchase natural gas services or electricity services from a retailer of their choice. for a list of retailers, visit ucahelps.alberta.ca or call 310-4822 (toll-free in alberta).

















