




seminole nation, indian territory history & genealogy



   
 

 










 seminole nation, i. t.


'the land between the rivers'®





	 
 







the seminole, like their five civilized tribes 
	brethren, were victims of a calculated purge of native americans throughout 
	the united states in the 19th century. through
	coercion, deceit, and ultimately force, the u.s. government relocated 
	southeastern tribes west of the mississippi river. while many were forced on 
	arduous and ignoble
	marches to their new lands, the seminole withdrew into the florida 
	everglades and resisted relocation through three great seminole wars.
 
	lasting 
	over a decade, these
	engagements were the longest, costliest, and most bitter wars of removal 
	fought by the u. s. government. in the aftermath, less than three thousand 
	seminoles were removed
	to the indian territory, while some three hundred were left in the swamps of 
	central florida.

	upon arrival in the indian territory, however, 
	self-determination would be
	denied them as they were confined to the creek nation and its laws. only 
	after a decade of struggle and the political upheaval of the civil war was 
	the tribe able to form a sovereign seminole nation in 1866 with wewoka as its chosen capital.







  




seminoles: a people who never 
	surrendered
 the seminole are
classified among the muskogean peoples, a group of remnant tribes having joined
in forming this division in florida during the border wars between the spanish
and the english colonists on the florida-carolina frontier in the 18th century.
the name seminole, first applied to the tribe about 1778, is from the creek word
'semino le', meaning 'runaway,' meaning emigrants who left the main body and 
settled elsewhere.
in 1817, with the
accusation that the seminole were harboring runaway slaves, andrew jackson
commanded nearly 3,000 troops to attack and burn the town of mikasuki, starting 
the first seminole war. shortly thereafter, spain ceded florida to the u.s., 
bringing the seminole under u.s. jurisdiction. a treaty later provided the tribe 
with a reserved tract east of tampa bay.
in 1832, the 

payne's landing treaty

took away all florida land claims from the tribe, 
and provided for removal to indian territory. ratification of that treaty in 
1834 allowed the seminole three years before the removal was to take place. but 
under the u.s. government's interpretation, 1835 (not 1837) ended the three year 
period prior to removal. the seminole disagreed, and their bitter opposition 
resulted in the second, or great seminole war. among the worst chapters in the 
history of indian removal, the war lasted almost seven years and cost thousands 
of lives. it finally ended in 1842 with the agreement that several hundred 
members of the tribe could remain in florida. they stayed in the florida swamps 
but never surrendered. their descendants are the seminole in florida today.
no people have fought with more 
	determination to retain their native soil, nor sacrificed so much to uphold 
	the justice of their claims. removal of the tribe from florida to the 
	canadian valley was the bitterest and most costly of all indian removals.  
 
indian territory
as tribal leaders
surrendered during the war, their followers immigrated to the indian territory
under military escort. the first were led by chief holahti emathla in the summer
of 1836. his party, who had lost many of their number by death during the two
month journey, located north of the canadian river, in present hughes county.
their settlement was known by the name of their influential leader, 
  
black dirt 
(fukeluste
harjo).
in june, soon after the
arrival of   
chief mikanopy 
 at fort gibson, council was held with the creek of the
lower towns. when the matter of location of the seminole was discussed, chief
mikanopy and the seminole leaders refused to settle in any part of the creek
nation other than the tract assigned them under the treaty of 1833. a treaty
signed by the u.s., and delegations of the


seminole


and creek nations in 1845 

paved the way for adjustment of the trouble that had arisen between the two
tribes. the seminole could settle anywhere in the creek country, they could have
their own town government, but under the general laws of the creek nation.
by 1849 the seminole
settlements were located in the valley of the deep fork south to the canadian in
what is now the western part of okfuskee and hughes counties, and neighboring
parts of seminole county. the revered chief mikanopy, who represented the
ancient oconee, died in 1849. he was succeeded by his nephew, jim jumper, who
was soon succeeded by john jumper, who came to indian territory as a prisoner of
war. he became one of the great men in seminole history and ruled as chief until
1877, when he then resigned to devote all his time to his church. wild cat, the
principal advisor to chief mikanopy during his last years, never accepted being
under the rule of the creek nation. although his views won out in the end under
the 
treaty of 1856, 
he made no profit from it, because six years earlier he 
left the indian territory to start a seminole colony in mexico.
by 1868, the refugee tribal bands were 
finally able to settle in the area that is known as the seminole nation. for the 
first time in 75 years they had a chance of establishing tribal solidarity. 
their council house was built at wewoka, designated capital of the seminole 
nation.
when the seminole people
made their last settlement in indian territory, eight tribal square grounds were
established in different parts of the nation where the old ceremonials, dances
and ball games were held.  two of these square grounds were known as tallahasutci or
(tallahasse) and thliwathli or (therwarthle). there is still a loose 
organization of the twelve seminole "towns" or "bands" that were organized for 
political and geographical reasons in re-establishing the tribal government that 
had formerly existed in florida.
the century turns
the oklahoma constitutional convention 
divided all of indian territory into 40 counties, no county being exactly as the

pre-statehood indian nation, county or district with the  exception of the seminole nation. it remains as seminole county today. 

the
seminole nation is indeed alive and vibrant with its tribal culture, language,
churches, and its 
art.
 








search this site     
powered by freefind





























table of contents






		history of the great seal 



        remembrance 





seminole treaties
        with the united states





osceola,
      patriot & warrior 






seminole
        newspapers 
 



tribal
        leaders 





the
      seminole capital newspaper


john 
		horse




indian home guard


alice
      brown davis   




confederate 
		officers of the first seminole battalion

seminole 
		trail of tears




seminole 
		pensioners - 1883

kinship system of the seminole




civil war 
		in indian territory


seminole
      ghost towns  




battle 
		of middle boggy


native american code talkers




seminole
        nation bands  



seminole light horse
      police  





seminole
        nation clans 




      loyal seminoles





seminole
        emigration records  


seminole burning






indian 
        churches of seminole county

black 
      seminole indian scouts



seminole 
		negro indian scout detachment 

muster roll 1870 - 1914




indian territory ghost towns


seminole in
        mexico ~ 1850 to 1861  




return of the 
kickapoo and the seminole (negro) indians
from mexico to the united states, 1870 - 1885 




1863 creek & euchee census


oklahoma
      seminole towns in 1900  





seminole 
		freedmen burial grounds


seminole nation obituaries



vintage
		
photographs 
 


interview 
		with willie larney




this 
may be the last time


native
      american cemetery preservation




florida 
		seminole bands and towns 



dawes final rolls




indigenous 
peoples of florida

resources



 


 seminole nation, i. t. schools






        oak
        ridge mission - est. 1848


        wewoka
        mission - est. 1868




        sasakwa
        female academy - est. 1884



        elementary
        & day  schools






        mekasukey
        male academy - est. 1891



        emahaka
        female academy - est. 1893



creek 
		seminole college - est. 1906


 


 

	

 face book




 



 


  
      




copyright ©2001- present
all rights reserved

05/23/2021


all 
 material published at seminole nation, i. t., including articles and 
 photographs are copyrighted by 


seminole 
 nation, i. t., not to include public domain record or fact. 
	
	all 
 photographs, including those of  
enoch 
 kelly haney are the property of  seminole nation, i. t.,  and 
 may not be copied, used, or distributed in any way without written permission.




 












 
 



  
	 
