




abbagirl's journal — livejournal

























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































abbagirl
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














abbagirl







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









recent entries
archive
friends
about the abbagirl


            abbagirl's journal
        

            abbagirl's journal
        



"that's because my life is as good as an abba song. it's as good as 'dancing queen'." - muriel, 'muriel's wedding'
my various other pagesabbagirl @ myspaceabbagirl @ facebookmy amazon wish listmy concert listwe heart abbagirl!





26 july 2009 @ 01:12 am
moving!  


hey again, lj peeps! :) as many of you may know, from my facebook and whatnot, i am finally moving (i.e. out of the apartment i have shared with a psycho bitch for almost a year now, arghhhhh) next week - exact date to be determined, but i have to be out by aug 1, next saturday - up to a new studio apt by myself in washington heights (manhattan)!! my first-ever apartment completely by myself, no roommates, thank goddess! :d i am still mired in the mega-stress of trying to get boxes and start packing, and most importantly figure out how the hell i am gonna move, exactly - hire movers, rent a truck, what. i am utterly poor until i get paid by titanic and roa again, next friday, ugh! :( so, my options are limited at the moment. anyway, the latest word is that i should be able to get my apartment key mon or tues (!!), so i can hopefully start moving smaller things up there myself by hand, on subway, cab, whatever...the only massive things i will really need some kind of movers for are my bed (queen-size) and two large bookshelves. i'm also going to need to get tons of essential apartment things that i currently lack, mostly due to having given away/sold them when moving from mi to ny, and having not obtained since then due to being able to use said roomie's things...for example, a shower curtain; i did splurge on a shell vinyl one from amazon with my last paycheck, at least. i still however need such items as dishes, silverware, an air conditioning window unit, pots and pans, a toothbrush holder, etc. etc.! not to mention supplies for the kitty i am planning to adopt - yes, i'll finally be able to get a cat, also my first-ever cat all of my own (rather than roommate's or shared family kitteh)!! :) :) :) i can't wait!!so, at the risk of coming off as a horrible, greedy, selfish, pathetic dolt, i thought that just in case anyone would like to possibly assist with a small housewarming gift, i would give y'all my amazon wish list link, which has several of aforementioned much-needed supplies added over the past few weeks/months! (i add stuff to it for my own remembrance, generally, so i can get things when i ever have the money...) one note, though: my aunt lizzie has already promised that she and uncle ron will be getting me the microwave, so that's one less thing i'll need, huzzah! :d i've already changed the shipping address associated with the list to my new address, incidentally. (oh, and if anyone wants my new addy for whatever reason, just let me know!)http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/3snn1rbq1ciko/yeah, i'm still deciding between the two bedding designs up there at the top - any thoughts? (i need all new bedding because my fitted sheet/pillowcases are currently completely stained and ruined and gross, my comforter is falling apart, and i don't even have a flat sheet.) both incorporate blue colors that i want, given that most of my wall art/decor/other stuff is in the blues/purples/pinks/greens color scheme...oh, and as you may have guessed i decided my new bathroom will have an oceanic, shell theme, yay! will probably hang my mermaid art print in there, too.   
current mood: awake
 
4 comments | comment?




 


21 june 2009 @ 11:52 pm
uh, hello there...  


so, i've kinda basically disappeared from the world of lj for some time now (and become addicted to facebook, incidentally), and am still debating whether to even continue lj-ing at all - or even just chuck all of my previous entries (since there seems to be no way to make them all friends-locked, unless you have a paid account, which i haven't for some time) and clean the slate entirely. *shrug* i dunno. you could say i'm in the midst of either some heavy-duty reinvention or else an identity crisis; these days i know i'm not quite the same "abbagirl" anymore, certainly. (and i've grown up, a lot, for better or worse.) tonight i headed over to check up on freyalorelei's journal for the first time in eons, however, while killing some time avoiding sleep (i really should be asleep right now), and perusing through her posts made me realize that i kinda do miss "blogging". even about the most mundane stuff...i miss writing. i miss expressing my thoughts, and of course telling my friends about my weird, weird life. i really do miss that! facebook status updates and such have helped me get some of that urge out, at least, but i guess it hasn't been the same...i've been sooo busy - like, insanely so - that i've had neither time nor energy to keep up with y'all on here...and it's been both a blessing and a curse i think, because i've spent more time *living* than just writing about it, and yet i've also lacked that space and outlet to be able to make any sense out of the living, so my life's been really scattered and fractured and bizarre. does that make any sense? anyway...the stress levels have remained pretty damn high ever since i moved to nyc, and just this past month i've suffered my second bout of severe tonsillitis in a few months (!), been suddenly and unexpectedly (and obviously, devastatingly) laid off from the only job i ever actually loved, and am now - sorry for the girly tmi - in the midst of my first ever yeast infection (ouuuch, uncomfortable!! damn you, antibiotics!). :p i despise my psycho-bitch roommate, who continues to stress me out to no end. my life is completely unstable and forever seemingly on the verge of collapse, and the stress of that has taken its toll on me. on the other hand, i also recently got to attend the freakin 2009 tony awards (and the tony afterparty for my current broadway obsession, "rock of ages" - i've seen the show 31 times and counting!!) in a beautiful expensive gown, and i have a spare key to a fancy upper west side apartment (a friend's, you could say, who works for a legendary hollywood director) with a private rooftop terrace where i can (and have) sunbathe naked from time to time. i've had so many crazy highs and lows, and so many extreme experiences, some of which i really couldn't talk about on here. my life is weirder than you can imagine. :) i'm also almost completely broke (i applied for unemployment, at least, but that won't kick in for a while!), desperately looking for a job and an apartment, and i have no idea what i'm even gonna be doing (or where) next month. sometimes i find myself actually missing the comfortable safety of my michigan existence where i could be stable and routine enough to actually be bored...of course, and then i remember how soul-crushing that was, too. (although i do miss only having to pay like $475 in rent, ahhh!!! and having an actual dollar movie theatre, or even just paying like $7 for a movie ticket instead of about $13!) at least in the big apple anything can happen...and i have to have hope that things will finally get better for me. at least i always know i'm alive here, no matter how bad it gets!(i do miss health insurance greatly, though...especially since i can't afford my much-needed wellbutrin here, so i've been off meds pretty much since i moved - which has not helped matters one bit!! god, what i would give for those pills again...)anyway...this is turning out to be a vague, rambly post, and i apologize. btw, i do urge all of you who still aren't on facebook to sign up there; it's a much easier way for me to keep in touch with everyone for the moment. plus we can play scrabble, via lexulous! i challenge ya! :) i should just post this thang and go to bed...yawn.p.s. i dyed my hair a darker shade of blonde (well, had it dyed that is, at a salon), right b4 the tony's - if you're a fb user you can see the new color in the many pics i was "tagged" in from the tony night, along with my new pink dress! p.p.s. it's depressing to report, but i haven't had a single real "date" since i moved here, and no romantic prospects whatsoever. :( (i have had sex, though, thank goddess!) at least i have so many other serious issues to worry about that i don't even have a chance to think about it much, but when i do it does make me kinda sad and lonely. i still haven't even fully recovered from my previous heartbreak, i think, sigh. a lot of scar tissue there...p.p.p.s. i also really, really miss singing/performing. :( i need to audition for the blue hill troupe again this fall, i swear!   
current mood: weird
 
6 comments | comment?




 


 



31 may 2009 @ 06:16 pm
lj question.  


quick question - is there a way to make all past entries friends-locked in one fell swoop? i know you can set all future entries to be that way, but for previous ones, what do you do?   
current mood: curious
 
5 comments | comment?




 


20 february 2009 @ 07:50 pm
hehehe...  


i officially got stoned for the first time today, during my only second-ever experience with pot...and can now also vouch for the fun of stoned sex. ;) mwahaha! *mysterious goofy grin*   
current mood: flirtycurrent music: fergie - "fergalicious"
 
13 comments | comment?




 


 



02 february 2009 @ 11:35 pm
"brooooadwaaay, brooooadwaaay, how great you aaare!"  


"...i'll leave the farm, with all its charm, to be a broadway staaar!" sorry, sometimes i just have to burst into 'gypsy' when i say the word broadway. am feeling a bit better today...don't want to talk about the interview i had this afternoon lest i jinx it (although it's, sadly, for yet another unpaid internship, albeit in the theatre, or sort of). anyway, i was just commenting to felixbunay about how i know my way around discount b'way tix because i've seen loads of shows since i moved here and only paid full price once...and it got me wanting to make a list of what all i've seen during that time, if only for myself to keep track! so here goes, probably not in order and based on pure recollection (although i have the playbills in my drawer, of course).gypsyhair (shakespeare in the park)a chorus line[title of show] (i won lotto!)xanadu (with zorpo)rent (won the lotto! my last time seeing it b4 it closed, sob, with charmedgirl; i also tried the lotto for the final perf with sugarytea, but there were like a billion people so we didn't win)boeing boeingthe yellow brick road not taken (the special all-star benefit perf of the first drafts of act 1 of wicked, thanks to araca comps! went with charmedgirl)love jerry (my friend julian's show, in nymf - the ny musical theatre festival or whatever, he got me a ticket)rock of ages (comps from carl, on halloween)legally blondea tale of two citiesrock of ages (comps from carl, on my birthday with julian, charmedgirl and webmd)spring awakening (with zorpo and a friend of his)13 (matty got jared and i in fo' free!)13 (i worked merch there, got to see the show again)equuswhite christmas (i won lotto!)rock of ages (with my sister on christmas day...i sense a holiday theme, lol)13 (worked again, saw it again and got my sister in fo' free!)all my sonsgypsy (had to see it again b4 it ended!)hedda gablerspeed-the-plowsoul of shaolin (comps from theatre intern group)forbidden broadway still need to see: in the heights (damn lotto, i've tried it like 8 times so far! :p )south pacific (at lincoln center; it's been sold out from here to eternity, though)the little mermaid (now that heidi blickenstaff from [tos] is ursula!! i've asked jared to let me know if he gets any comps, since he works for disney on their promotional street team) august: osage county (esp. now that orig cast folks are returning this week)my first timenaked boys singing (lol, i can't resist)you're welcome, america: a final night with george bush (will ferrell's show)the cherry orchard and a winter's tale at bam in brooklyn (done by the bridge project, sam mendes! with ethan hawke!)uncle vanya at csc (maggie gyllenhaal, peter sarsgaard and denis o'hare!!)...and i wanna see the fantasticks again since i haven't seen it since middle school. i also have to see my friend/wicked coworker josh's play straight on till morning, i.e. he's in it. i feel like i should probably see billy elliot at some point too, if i can ever afford it (they don't have a student price or lotto, the bastards; ditto for jersey boys, which i still haven't seen either, and mamma mia, which i wanna see again!).i wanna see when they open soonish:guys and dolls (wanna work there since araca is doing merch, have asked to!)9 to 5 (ditto)rock of ages (when it comes to b'way, that is; also wanna work there, sooo badly!!)west side story (araca is creating their merch but we're not selling it for them, so we wicked merchkins don't get to work there :( )hair (duh)the story of my lifeblithe spiritreasons to be pretty (mmm piper perabo...)impressionism (jeremy irons and joan allen!)exit the king (geoffrey rush, susan sarandon, and lauren ambrose!!)waiting for godot (nathan lane and david strathairn, ahh)...and possibly god of carnage (coming to the jacobs, where i worked 13) and 33 variations, but am meh about them both. this is totally gonna be the season of plays (vs. musicals, i mean), btw, with big-name stars, it seems...probably mostly due to them being a lot cheaper to produce than splashy musicals in the current state of our economy.i'm bummed i missed hairspray, young frankenstein, liza's at the palace (liza minnelli, obviously; pretty much everyone from wicked went to see her) and spamalot before they all closed last month, alas, i didn't have time or money for any of em (even though hairspray and yf had a lotto, at least, and i think liza had some kind of rush as well). i'm also still sad that godspell got cancelled/indefinitely postponed, was really psyched for it! okay, i need to go to bed soon cuz i have to get up early...i have to be at "the tyra banks show" early in the morning, haha, am going to be in the audience for a taping on gay issues, with matty (uber-gay boy from wicked). should be verrry interesting. :) i dunno yet when the ep will air, though...?eta: doh, i totally forgot about rent!! just added it to the list.   
current mood: dorky
 
10 comments | comment?




 


 



01 february 2009 @ 08:01 pm
:(  


okay, i really need to stop looking at lots of people's pics and things from the xena con this weekend (particularly of certain people), because it is by association triggering all kinds of painful memories and thoughts and obsessions and now i am having an emotional breakdown and freaking out. :( why do i always torture myself by deliberately looking at things online that i know will make me feel bad about myself?? i can't seem to stop myself.p.s. i reeeally miss being in therapy these days (even though i wasn't even getting that much out of the therapist i was seeing in mi; he didn't really ever offer me any kind of advice or assistance or tools or anything, just listened to me ramble)...as usual, i wish i had health insurance again.   
current mood: depressed
 
8 comments | comment?




 


 



31 december 2008 @ 06:55 pm
where did 2008 go??  


again it has been far too long since my last post, for which i apologize...i've unfortunately been quite sick for basically all of december :( , and am especially so today. but, since i'm staying in for the day/night (don't want to brave the nyc crowds, since it's snowing and i'm sick as a dog!), i figured i might as well at least do one of those end-of-the-year memes, seeing as i'm in a 2008-contemplation mood. so here goes, the same one i did last year!( goodbye, 2008...collapse )   
current mood: sick
 
11 comments | comment?




 


27 november 2008 @ 07:15 pm
the juicy gossip i didn't wanna include in an unlocked post, heh. ;)  


last night at "wicked" we had a bit of excitement, in the form of a celebrity in the audience! during our pre-show meeting we were informed that a certain someone would be coming, and picking up the box of free merch marc platt (one of wicked's producers) had arranged to be left at the lobby booth for her, even...miley cyrus, aka "hannah montana". lol!! i had to text charmedgirl about it, figured she'd be amused...anyway, miley was of course in town to do the macy's parade today (which i watched on tv, decided i didn't wanna stand in the cold and massive crowds for hours in the morning - maybe next year?), and the wicked higher-ups wanted to make a good impression on her. but, as jill hastened to assure us, this does not mean they are trying to woo her for the cast or anything (yikes! can't really even see her as nessa, let alone glinda or elphie, and god know she's too young), so she didn't want us spreading that around lest it be taken that way. hence, the friends-locked post, just in case! i couldn't resist sharing, though... :) alas, i never got a glimpse of her, though...was at south booth with james (back on the big booths again, yay! i'm working the added fri matinee and evening as well as all weekend, btw) so we were fairly busy and i couldn't look around as much as i would've. the folks who interacted with her said she a) wasn't recognized or mobbed by anyone, surprisingly, b) was with her model boyfriend, who of course the gay boys found hot, c) wasn't that attractive a girl in person, and d) asked her mom (who i guess was there as well; no billy ray, though!) to buy her a bracelet (presumably the wicked charm bracelet). what, like she doesn't have the money to buy it herself? :) funny. anyway, so, that was our little thrill of the night! one of the guys who works merch at "13" was telling us about the time the ugly betty cast came to the show, including vanessa williams and america ferrara...normally we don't let people try on the shirts, but of course he let vanessa do it, cuz she's frickin vanessa williams! ;) i think he said she bought the "i'm practically happy for you" lucy tee...as i was telling james, it's kinda nice that celebs have to go to the theatre with everyone else to see a show, and can't (usually) shut down the theatre to have it privately for them like they can with shopping sprees at stores...they might get a better seat perhaps, but they sit and watch the same show with everyone else. i'm surprised miley hadn't seen wicked before, though...or maybe she has? then again, she is only 16, is probably pretty damn busy, and presumably doesn't live here.we also had stanley tucci in the araca office a week or two ago, too!! (the non-wednesday interns were quite jealous when they heard, lol...) he was meeting with the head honchos in the conference room; i was out on the noon errand run when he got there, but i did sit up at the front desk for a while during their meeting and so would see him through the glass wall behind me whenever i turned around...i tried not to stare. :) then amanda had me photocopy three plays for him, cept he had to leave before i got them all done, so we ups'd the others to him. dunno what they were meeting about, and if it had to do with those plays...come to think of it, he was in at least one araca show previously, their "frankie and johnny in the claire de lune," with edie falco i think? hmm.
 
11 comments | comment?




 


 



27 november 2008 @ 06:13 pm
okay, so maybe "soon" didn't quite happen...  


( it's been forever since i've properly posted, so this is a long one! :)collapse )   
current mood: relaxedcurrent music: 'godspell' - "all for the best"
 
11 comments | comment?




 


06 november 2008 @ 10:03 pm
coming soon...  


i promise a (long-overdue) real entry sometime soon, okay? been insanely busy lately, this week especially (and soon all this weekend), sigh...much, much to update y'all on!! i've been facebooking at least, so those of you on there have gotten tidbits from my statuses and such, i guess, like the fact that i started working at "wicked" merch finally, which is where i'll be all weekend again (gershwin theatre, that is).(btw, my paid account expired in mid-oct, so only a few icons right now...might as well go with our fantastic new prez!!)p.s. my birthday is coming up a week from monday, believe it or not...and yes, i'm going to be an old lady of 30. still have absolutely no b-day plans as of yet though, ack! :(   
current mood: exhausted
 
6 comments | comment?




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























