






french restaurant denver | french food denver | bistro vendome









































open in our new location at 2267 kearney



































































2267 kearney street in park hill  |  303.825.3232









reservations




menus

dinner
brunch
drinks
oui chefs
dessert
happy hour


events
reviews
gift
contact
employment
donations


















reservations
although we might not show an available table at your preferred time, we suggest you call the restaurant at 303.825.3232 to take advantage of last minute cancellations.
parties of five or more should call us directly for reservations. 303.825.3232













winner of the james beard foundation award for best chef southwest 2013
semifinalist outstanding chef 2016

reservations
although we might not show an available table at your preferred time, we suggest you call the restaurant at 303.825.3232 to take advantage of last minute cancellations.
parties of five or more should call us directly for reservations. 303.825.3232
denver minimum wageunlike many restaurants, all our staff, both front and back of house, share in the gratuities that you leave on top of the full denver minimum wage which increases annually. we add a 5% denver minimum wage fee to every bill to help fund a well-paid, happy team.









menus







dinner
dinner is served sunday-thursday from 4–9:00 p.m., friday-saturday from 4–10:00 p.m.





brunch
stop by for brunch saturdays and sundays from 10 a.m. until 2:00 p.m.





drinks
a collection of creative cocktails and a predominantly french wine list representing all the major    wine regions of france







oui chefs
for our petits amis ten and under
 





dessert
baked in-house daily





happy hour
every day of the week 4-6:00 p.m.









people
passion, creativity and attention to detail are the engines that drive any restaurant. founders jennifer jasinski and beth gruitch lead the team. read more about them below:










jennifer jasinski

cooking started at a young age out of necessity for jasinski. growing up in a single-parent household with two siblings who all took turns cooking, jasinski developed a knack for following recipes and creating her own, until eventually, it was always her turn to cook. 
read more










beth gruitch

when people say the restaurant business is in your blood, beth gruitch is a believer. her great grandparents, three generations before her, must have passed down the gene.
read more










tim kuklinski

operating partner
denver is lucky to be the last stop for tim kuklinski. a peripatetic childhood took him back and forth across the country.
read more












jeremy wolgamott

executive chef
three consecutive hurricane years in louisiana blew jeremy wolgamott and his family back to denver
read more







erika flores
pastry chef





brian smith
general manager















about bistro vendôme
place vendôme, considered a favorite among parisians, is a renowned historic square located the heart of paris. this is purposefully a bistro, not a café nor a brasserie. the selection of the name “bistro vendôme” reflects the desired image in the community: a local neighborhood favorite rich with history that offers an exceptional dining experience in a charming, neighborhood setting.
cuisine style:
updated classic french bistro fare, using local, seasonal ingredients.
bar:
full service bar with a predominantly french wine list representing all the major wine regions of france. there is also a collection of creative cocktails for dinner and brunch.
capacity:
65 people in the main dining room and bar up to 18 people in the private dining room, 36 people on the garden patio (spring/summer months). 
payment options:
bistro vendôme accepts us currency and all major credit cards including american express, diners club, discover, mastercard and visa.
regretfully we do not accept checks.



 













2267 kearney street in park hilldenver, co 80207303.825.3232info@bistrovendome.com

hours
dinner: 4–9 pm sunday–thursday4–10 pm friday & saturdaybrunch: 10–2 pm saturday and sunday


parking in our adjacent lot and on the street



please visit these othercrafted concepts restaurants:







 




 

























