






historical society of dayton valley | historical information about dayton, nevada and the surrounding area































home
about us

mission
history of hsdv
accomplishments
educational
society documents and forms


history

dayton firsts
historical documents
emigrant trail
1849 gold discovery
dayton cemetery
1857-61 chinatown
1860-61 pony express
lyon county seat
1881 c&c railroad
1894 river dredges
ranching
mills and mining


museums

schoolhouse museum
firehouse/jail
st. ann’s chapel


projects

st. ann’s chapel restoration
c&c railroad depot rebuild
“sp” ’84 boxcar renovation


events
gallery

schoolhouse museum photos
railroad related photos
st ann’s chapel photos
dayton photos
mining photos
people photos
2024 historic hayride
2023 halloween bingo


get involved

join-donate
volunteer
donors/supporters


links

local links
history links
genealogy links
railroad links


contact

board of directors and other contacts
send us an email


 


select page


  
 
 














welcome to the historical society of dayton valley 










protecting, preserving and promoting dayton, nevada history, and the historic dayton museum





















where nevada began: the discovery of goldin july, 1849, abner blackburn made nevada’s first gold discovery at the mouth of gold canyon, just above today’s old town dayton










old town dayton: a colorful pastas an iconic old west commercial center and transportation hub, and a rich heritage embedded in mining, farming and ranching, dayton has many stories to tell










home to the c&c railroad depotbeginning in 1881, the carson and colorado railroad line ran between mound house, nevada, and keeler, california










innovation and engineering: the dredging methodnevada’s first floating dredge was designed and constructed by j. hanse rae sr. for use in the carson river near dayton










mills and processing methodsadolph sutro arrived in dayton from san francisco in 1861 and was one of several engineers who constructed mills in dayton valley










dayton, lyon county's first county seatselected in 1861, lyon was one of the first nine nevada counties when nevada was still a territory. the courthouse dates back to 1864










the california trailthe original emigrant trail, the california trail, went through dayton on pike street, up main street and past the cemetery.










dayton cemeterymany iconic nevadans were laid to rest in the dayton cemetery including ole’ virginny (james finney for whom virginia city was named); clark guild (renown nevada and lyon county politician), and many other nevada pioneers and statesmen.

















gateway to the comstock

welcome to dayton’s golden history. nestled in a fertile valley east of carson city, dayton is an oasis in western nevada’s high-desert country. dayton is the earliest settlement in the state, originating with prospectors and settlers attracted by gold and by the carson river that runs through the valley.


visiting dayton historic sitesthe dayton museum is a good starting point.  it is located at 135 shady lane in old town dayton is open to the public on weekends from the beginning of march through the weekend before thanksgiving in november.  our hours are saturdays from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm and sundays from 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm.  private tours may be scheduled by calling the museum. admission is free but the museum is managed by an all-volunteer staff, so donations are welcomed — all funds are used to preserve and promote dayton’s 173-year history that was lost in time until the early 1990s when the hsdv formed.















support historic preservation
the historical society of dayton valley is a non profit 501(c)3 organization founded and run by volunteers. no previous experience is required. the society is responsible not only for the historic schoolhouse/museum but also for the historic dayton firehouse and 1860s jail, which currently is open for special events or by appointment. 
the burning of the historic 1881 carson & colorado railroad depot on june 17, 2020 was a sad day for dayton, nevada. the historical society of dayton valley is raising money to help rebuild the depot and fulfilling the dream of making the corner lot the “gateway to the comstock.” any donation will help make an impact. thank you in advance for your contribution to this cause that means so much to us and the history of dayton and nevada.

donate to hsdv

hsdv donors & supporters

support hsdv and become a member

volunteer opportunities with hsdv









mailing address
historical society of dayton valleyp.o. box 485dayton, nevada 89403



dayton museum address
dayton museum135 shady laneold town dayton, nevadaget directions to museum



museum hours
saturdays from 10 am to 4 pmsundays from 1 pm  to 4 pm private tours may be scheduled by calling the museum.



contact us
775-246-6316president@hsdv.orgcurator@hsdv.org





subscribe






success!



email





subscribe












follow us on facebook

follow





 










facebook


copyright 2022 historic society of dayton valley  |  design by charter advertising 















