







gettysburg pa bed and breakfast inn | bed breakfast gettysburg pa inn























 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerthe brafferton inn44 york street | gettysburg, pa 17325
717-337-3423
booking link
book now / availability

rooms & rates
about
specials & packages
visit gettysburg
breakfast & dining
contact
welcome to the brafferton inn
main contentvisit the award winning brafferton inn bed and breakfast
in historic downtown gettysburg
the brafferton inn, built in 1786, is the oldest deeded house in downtown gettysburg. boasting 18 bedrooms and 9 suites, you will have your choice of rooms with king beds, jacuzzi tubs and/or gas fireplaces. this history and charm of the brafferton inn cannot be beat! it is gettysburg, pa’s most historic inn. the inn is located half a block from lincoln square, the b&b is only a short walk to downtown antique shops, art galleries, civil war shops, restaurants, museums, and ghost tours.

with your stay

fine linens and plush robes
jacuzzi tubs and fireplaces
balconies, decks flower garden and patio to enjoy
all buildings and rooms are air conditioned in season
complimentary wifi
in town location
original art work by keith rocco
gourmet breakfasts, afternoon fresh baked cookies
24 hour coffee, tea, hot cocoa
iron and ironing boards available


downtown gettysburg
headquarter your gettysburg vacation
you won’t find a more centrally located gettysburg bed and breakfast than the brafferton inn, with easy access to all the major gettysburg, pennsylvania tourist attractions including the national cemetery, the national military park visitor’s center museum, gettysburg college, the majestic theater performing arts center, and the wills house museum. conveniently situated near lincoln square, your vacation is made easier by being just moments away restaurants, ghost tours, art galleries, civil war shops and so much more.

special offers
winter special:
rates are now reduced by 20% in all of our rooms from december through february!  the winter rate special includes our fabulous full cooked breakfast and free parking.  book your room or suite soon! (special does not include new year’s eve or valentine’s day weekend)
learn more

footer top widgetsgift certificates
tripadvisor logo







gift certificates
footerthe brafferton inn logo

the brafferton inn
44 york street | gettysburg, pa  17325
 (717) 337-3423 
email the innkeepers
social links
facebookinstagrampinterest
 · the brafferton inn © 2025 - all rights reserved ·
site design by wowizowi.com | website photography by wz photographyhosted by protos host











