









home | cordall - shock / bungee cords and more


































































 




 
















shop & products

all products
viticulture horticulture
bungee products
bungee cords
bungee fittings
braided cords
knitted cords
elastics
tapes
special deals


case studies
about

about us
terms and conditions
privacy policy
returns


contact
where to buy
special deals

search



cart





your cart is currently empty. 






 










trusted by farmers and growers all over the world: premium quality, industrial-strength bungee, cords and accessories




view products




push tap flushing valves for drip line irrigation.




view product




tried and tested in the toughest environments – anywhere!




view products







viticulture & horticulture (11)



bungee products (2)



bungee cords (8)



bungee fittings (13)



braided cords (11)
 








special deals (26)



knitted cords (19)



elastics (12)



tapes (8)
 



swipe for more
cordall specialises in bungee cord, plastic fittings, braided cords & elastics.an innovative new zealand-based manufacturing and development company


cordall’s “solcor” shock cord and bungee cord range are manufactured from a specially formulated solid rubber cord with uv treated polyester covering, to a much higher specification than most traditional shock cords. ideal for industrial, marine, automotive, outdoor, and domestic use.
designed and made in new zealand for durability, reliability, and longevity! providing our customers with tomorrow’s solutions, today.
shop our full range of bungee, knitted and braided cords, tapes and elastics – and our comprehensive range of fittings.
our products




what our clients say about us





the judges were very impressed with the wide range of sectors that cordall has developed products for. their approach to innovation, product development and customer service are to be commended. cordall is one of marlborough’s quiet, yet impressive performers and it’s great to see that from the headquarters on middle renwick road have come world-leading innovations to solve thorny customer problems.judges’ feedback, marlborough chamber of commerce business excellence awards

your product was exposed to the most extreme conditions you would find in the world, the whitbread round-the-world race. we were very satisfied with the quality and performance of the product and would not hesitate in using it again in the future, in preference to the traditional shock cord, as i am sure most boating people will, as they become aware of solcor. mick harvey (shore manager) | team dennis connor

cordall has been our choice of bungee because of its solid core and the longevity it provides.patrick sinner, square one distribution | radar skis

this bungee cord lasts! the solid rubber core withstands all environmental factors including, salt water, wind and high uv exposure.graeme pedersen | bulletfishing

we’ve been using cordall products for over 20 years in a variety of applications. we need tough, quality products – like cordall.william rice (purchasing) | straitline canvas

 







partnerswe are proud to partner with









































 










missioncordall creates innovative, durable bungee cords, ropes, and elastics designed for reliability and longevity, proudly made in new zealand for a range of applications.
customer services

terms & conditions
privacy policy
returns

contacte: orders@cordall.com
m:  (+64) 06 368 6277


© cordall | website by moxwai | login


 
















productshow-to guidesvideoscatalogues 






























we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.acceptmore info



