










living together intentionally since 1974 - moora moora co-operative community




































































 









skip to content


place yarra valley, victoria, australia 

search for:


search

 




 living together intentionally since 1974 



			menu		
learning centre

venue
resources
events


get involved

visit
virtual tours
membership

the membership process
become a friend


houses for sale
volunteer


about

our news
our photos
our history
our members


contact us
woven – australian intentional communities conference
 

 









living together intentionally since 1974 






 
labyrinth sanctuarylearn moreoverhead shotsanctuarygroup shotpeople at sanctuarydancethe damfrostyartistwoven intentional communities conference 




about us
moora moora is a residential co-operative community made up of about 50 adults and 20 children. we have been living together intentionally since 1974. 
> find out more about our history here…

> or read our latest news here…


get involved
moora moora is always welcoming visitors, volunteers and new members.
> come see us on our visitor days

> find out about becoming a member

learn
the learning centre at moora moora hosts courses and workshops relevant to sustainable community living. 
courses are run by members of moora moora community or by members of the public who hire our facilities.
> have a look at the learning centre

our land
we are honoured to live in a powerful place. our tribal elders, the wurundjeri people, hunted and camped here in the summer for eons. for them, there is no separation between humans and other species. we thank them for the knowledge and care they have taken of this land and we work to be responsive to their wisdom.
> find out more about the land
we have now permanently conserved and protected our land with a trust for nature covenant. 
> see the trust for nature launch here




 
full 2acknowledgment of countrymoora moora co-operative community respectfully acknowledges our local indigenous community, the wurundjeri people. we thank them for their inspiration of living in harmony with nature and each other, particularly on this precious mount toolebewong- “where the raven sat on the tree.”full 3climate emergency declarationwe, the community of moora moora, declare a climate emergency and pledge to take action to restore a safe climate. we also pledge to prepare ourselves and our children for life on a warmer planet.ratified: 6 july 2019read more 



 











recent newsgrass roots
moora moora celebrates – star mail
spring newsletter
mm @ the tiny homes expo
weed and walk
 



 




© 2025 all rights reserved by moora moora co-operative community 
members area
 








































