




click on "sky books product line for books"








menu display









sky books online bookstore




please click here to visit our sister website, the time travel education centersky bookssky books product line 



montauk project silver anniversary editionthis is the 25th year silver anniversary edition of the montauk project: experiments in time which was originally released in 1992, causing an uproar and shocking the scientific, academic, and journalistic communities, all of whom were very slow to catch on to the secret world that lurks beyond the superficial veneer of american civilization.a colloquial name for secret experiments that took place at montauk point’s camp hero, the montauk project represented the apex of extensive research carried on after world war ii; and, in particular, as a result of the phenomena encountered during the philadelphia experiment of 1943 when the united states navy attempted to achieve radar invisibility.the montauk project attempted to study why and how human beings, when exposed to high powered electromagnetic waves, suffered mental disorientation, physical dissolution or even death. a further ramification of this phenomena is that such electromagnetic waves rescrambled components of the material universe itself. according to reports, this research not only included successful attempts to manipulate matter and energy but also time itself. in this silver anniversary edition, you will not only read the original text, accompanied by commentary which includes details that could not be published at the original time of publication, but also an extensive summary of a twenty-five year investigation of the montauk project which culminated in the scientific proof of time travel capabilities. read the book and discover the most exalted capabilities of man.  isbn 978-1-937859-21-3more details+price $24.95




 



montauk project hard cover silver anniversary editionthis laminate hard cover edition of the silver anniversary edition of the montauk project: experiments in time  is now in stock and available.  originally released in 1992, "the montauk project" caused an uproar, shocking the scientific, academic, and journalistic communities, all of whom were very slow to catch on to the secret world that lurks beyond the superficial veneer of american civilization.a colloquial name for secret experiments that took place at montauk point’s camp hero, the montauk project represented the apex of extensive research carried on after world war ii; and, in particular, as a result of the phenomena encountered during the philadelphia experiment of 1943 when the united states navy attempted to achieve radar invisibility.the montauk project attempted to study why and how human beings, when exposed to high powered electromagnetic waves, suffered mental disorientation, physical dissolution or even death. a further ramification of this phenomena is that such electromagnetic waves rescrambled components of the material universe itself. according to reports, this research not only included successful attempts to manipulate matter and energy but also time itself. in this silver anniversary edition, you will not only read the original text, accompanied by commentary which includes details that could not be published at the original time of publication, but also an extensive summary of a twenty-five year investigation of the montauk project which culminated in the scientific proof of time travel capabilities. read the book and discover the most exalted capabilities of man.sku 043more details+price $33.00




 



the philadelphia experiment murder: parallel universes and the physics of insanityby alexandra bruce 252 pages, isbn 0-9631889-5-x, $22.00
an added edition to the intriguing series by sky books which exposes the truth about the conspiracy to manipulate time itself. this book, edited and contributed to by peter moon and authored by alexandra bruce, begins with the tragic murder of conspiracy lecturer phil schneider. an investigation of this murder exposes a massive cover-up by authorities and reveals astonishing information, the trail of which leads back to the philadelphia experiment of 1943. before his assasination, schneider lectureed across the country and released documents connecting his father to the u.s.s. eldridge. additionally, his father claimed to be a nazi u-boat captain who, after being captured by the allies, was recruited as a medical officer and served as a senior medical officer to the crew of the eldridge. more haunting was the discovery of gold bars in his father’s possessions with nazi insignia. the philadelphia experiment murder investigates these circumstances and uncovers a host of new characters including preston nichols’ actual boss from the montauk project. startling truths are revealed which lead to an examination of parallel universes and the nature of insanity itself.price $22.00




 



l. ron hubbard - the tao of insanitybook is expected to be here mid to late february.  l. ron hubbard has evolved into one of the most controversial names of the new millennium. somewhere between the castigation from his critics and the fervent praise of his followers existed a real man with a real mission. what this mission was, however, is debated with as much vehemence as the praises and castigations. l. ron hubbard — the tao of insanity delves deeply into the occult underpinnings of this man and his mission to reveal deeper insights into the matrix that he operated in that put him at the center of so much intrigue that surrounded key players in the military industrial complex such as robert heinlein, jack parsons, and marjorie cameron. for over a half century, countless people have suffered severe misadventures after encountering the mysterious legacy of l. ron hubbard and his ever puzzling brainchild: scientology, a subject that continues to intrigue, baffle and perplex the general public as well as the many critics it has attracted. the only way something can remain so persistently mysterious and powerful is that the underlying occult factors beneath it are not understood. once they are understood, it will no longer be a puzzle.

l. ron hubbard — the tao of insanity imparts a major paradigm shift as it reveals a deep tapestry featuring an intertwining of famous scientists, politicians, religious leaders, mystical conjurers and the occult imprints that were placed upon them. it is an imprint, however, that if truly understood, conveys an unrelenting hope and promise that is a constituent part of all life.more details+price $22.95

international orders write to skybooks@yahoo.com for better shipping rates.special instructions


 



special offer #2in addition to receiving both new book, the roswell deception & the demystification of world war two, you can also receive a discount on a subscription to the montauk pulse for $29.95 total (inclusive of the new book).  the montauk pulse is a quarterly newsletter by peter moon giving updates on montauk, events in romania as well as the time travel research of dr. david anderson. it has been in print since 1993 and has never missed an issue. it helps support the work of peter moon and is a crucial publication. note: the book order for the roswell deception will be shipped upon arrival of the book, expected mid to late june.more details+reg. price  $44.95 $29.95 on sale!




 



special offer #3in addition to receiving both new books, the roswell deception & the etheric crystal, you can also receive a discount on a subscription to the montauk pulse for $44.95 total (inclusive of the two new books, a $66 value for all three products).the montauk pulse is a quarterly newsletter by peter moon giving updates on montauk, events in romania as well as the time travel research of dr. david anderson. it has been in print since 1993 and has never missed an issue. it helps support the work of peter moon and is a crucial publication. note: any book order including the roswell deception & the etheric crystal will be shipped upon arrival of both books, expected mid to late june.more details+reg. price  $66.00 $44.95 on sale!

list books you want here


 



special offer number 5for a short time, you can order the roswell deception plus the following eleven books and also receive a subscription to the montauk pulse for $154.00 plus shipping, discounted from a value of what would normally be $295.00 retail (a savings of $141).  offer good through july 4, 2021.  titles included are as follows:  the roswell deception, transylvania sunrise, transylvania moonrise, mystery of egypt, the secret parchment, inside the earth, the white bat, forgotten genesis, the etheric crystal, l. ron hubbard - the tao of insanity, , the montauk project: silver anniversary edition, spandau mystery.more details+reg. price  $287.00 $155.00 on sale!




 



special offer #4for a limited time (through july 4th, 2021) you can receive a discount of over $64 by ordering the roswell deception plus the four following books: the etheric crystal by radu cinamar, spandau mystery by peter moon, l. ron hubbard - the tao of insanity by peter moon, and the montauk project: silver anniversary edition. order to be shipped in mid to late june. this is a pre-publication order. more details+reg. price  $134.00 $79.95 on sale!





view products by detail listview products by image
welcome to the sky books online bookstore where you can buy books on cutting edge global mysteries such as time travel, the political manipulation surrounding it and other ancillary subjects directed at healing the earth. to see sky books full assortment of products, click on sky books product line below in blue. some of our titles are not listed currently as they are out of stock.  if you have any questions, write to skybooks@yahoo.com


powered by


shopsite®


shopping cart software








