






mike burkart ford | plymouth's premier new ford and used car dealership

































































































3110 country road pp    plymouth, wi 53073






new vehicles
used
financing

full credit application
vehicle protection plans


service & parts

service center
service coupons
parts
parts coupons
body shop


collision center

body shop


about us

hours & directions
contact us
employment opportunities
testimonials
accessibility


 
 















 


 


 

























 
 



justin shannon
more than a year ago








awesome experience. jack helped when we needed it and let us alone when we needed to talk. ed was easy to talk with and made the experience easy going. will be coming back in future.



gusdt 66
more than a year ago








jack was very pleasant to talk too. even during the holidays jack was very helpful with my purchase. will be purchasing my next vehicle from mike burkart!



cnrenckly  
more than a year ago








we worked with jack and had a great experience. we had paperwork sent to us really quickly and since we were buying non-locally we really had to trust that the dealership was being fair and honest with us. jack really made us feel at ease and everyone we talked to at the dealership was great! we would highly recommend their team! we got a great deal and really love our new car!



mail chick
more than a year ago








jack answered all of my questions prior to buying, also ed in finance was so great in explaining everything on contract and @ the extended warranty that i purchased no question was to stupid to answer i'm sure they have heard them all.



ruby red fusion
more than a year ago








i found a used ford fusion energie online. i sent a message through their online messaging and they contacted me the next morning. although the car was still in transit to the dealership they were able to work out a deal with me in advance at a very fair price. when the car was received they checked it out and i was able to come pick it up. the car was in perfect condition, it looked brand new. this was one of the few dealerships within 200-300 miles that had the energie. it was the quickest and simplest car buying experience i have had. i would definitely use this dealership again, although i hope to not need a new car for a while.



melissa buechel
more than a year ago








my husband and i were looking for our first truck and looked into burkart on recommendation of a friend. after searching other dealerships we were pleased with the inventory selection and prices at burkart. 



bill torrisi
more than a year ago








everybody at the dealership treated us like family. our sales person stephanie was a excellent. i would recommend anybody looking for a car to talk with stephanie at mike burkart ford in plymouth wisconsin. was well worth the 125 mile drive we need to purchase a car.



lance dahl
more than a year ago








we looked around and they were by far the best group to work with. we will be back here for our next vehicle and we highly recommend them. thank you for a great experience.



angie fontany
more than a year ago








matt did a great job helping my aunt when she recently purchased her vehicle. he and jay explained things and answered all questions. would highly recommend burkart...honest and local.



rick olson
more than a year ago








my wife and recently purchased a used vehicle from mike burkart ford and we were extremely impressed with the level of service we received. the staff and management were very professional and courteous. they answered all of our questions honestly putting us at ease which made the decision to purchase a vehicle from them very easy. we are very happy with the purchase and would recommend them to all of our friends and family and anyone else who we talk to about the purchase.


click to view full testimonial





check out our current online used vehicle specials, click vehicle for details


mike burkart ford of plymouth wants to be your full service ford dealer
mike burkart ford in plymouth, wi is located in sheboygan county, wisconsin, along the mullet river. we are proud to serve the residents of plymouth, green bay, milwaukee, oshgosh, random lake, manitowoc, chilton, kiel, new holstein, mequon and menomonee falls. our inventory is updated daily so make sure to check back often for new arrivals. mike burkart ford is your premiere new ford dealership as we stock many of the hottest vehicles on the market today including the ford focus, edge, fusion, f-150 and ford mustang. we are also renowned for our wide selection of local used cars, trucks, suvs, and vans!
from milwaukee to madison to green bay or anywhere in between, mike burkart ford in plymouth, wi provides easy access to the most up-to-date internet car buying tools: you can quickly view our current new vehicle inventory, check out our used car specials, request a test drive, apply for financing, or even get door to door directions to our dealership. we also have an award winning service department and collision center to help you with all your automotive needs. if you don't see what you're looking for let us know and we can find it for you.




 
new vehicles
 
browse the best and biggest selection of new ford cars, suvs, trucks, and crossovers in plymouth, wi.
 
 
pre-owned vehicles
 
browse the best and biggest selection of pre-owned ford cars, suvs, trucks, and crossovers in plymouth, wi.
 
 
financing
 
our finance team is committed to helping you with your credit approval needs. apply online now.
 
 
service
 
we use only factory-trained technicians and the highest quality equipment to service your vehicle.
 
 
parts
 
when you purchase parts, you are getting factory-certified parts from experts that know your vehicle.
 
















this page has been updated. please reload the page to see the most recent version.

×














copyright 2025 mike burkart ford. website by promax. view sitemap.



 





