
















steamships, papua new guinea














































 @345 building, stanley esplanade, port moresby
 head office: (+675) 3137400




 contact us




 
 




toggle navigation









home

about


our company

company history
organisational structure



leadership

board of directors
management



corporate governance

charter and policies
board committees
risk management





our businesses


logistics division

consort express lines
eastwest transport
jv port services
pacific towing
gulf maritime services



property division

pacific palms property
raitpla property management
harbourside south



hospitality division

coral sea hotels
grand papua hotel
enzo's pizza



key joint ventures

colgate palmolive (png)





investor relations

key financials
share price

shareholder information

dividend history
stock information
financial calendar


financial reports
announcements



sustainability

overview
sustainable development policy
sustainability reporting
community grants programme



media

press releases
news in brief
tok steamies
gallery




careers

join us
graduate program
faq















































building businesses that build png
steamships has a long tradition of investing in papua new guinea’s development, and progress. the company continues to actively explore new joint ventures and opportunities for growth within png. with 12 businesses and over 20 joint ventures, steamships is a secure partner of choice for investors looking to enter the market.

about us
our businesses










png, our home
from its humble beginnings in 1918 as a one-vessel trading operation to its present position as one of the leading diversified conglomerates, steamships is proud to represent the best of what png has to offer. the company is committed and invested in our people, our community, and our environment. we don’t just do business in png, it’s our home.

about us
our businesses










proud past, exciting future
steamships continues to set the standard for responsible development. the company continues to look forward to the future, advancing on opportunities to grow and progress in the development and economy of papua new guinea, staying true to it’s legacy of being a modern and transformative leader within the region.

about us
our businesses














unleashing potential, sustaining growth
welcome to steamships, where possibilities abound and innovation thrives. as a leader in the industry, we embrace the power of diversity, bringing together a range of talents, expertise, and ventures under one dynamic umbrella. with a portfolio that spans across multiple sectors, we navigate through varied landscapes, adapting and excelling in an ever-evolving business environment. 











logistics
streamlining your operations: unleash the power of efficient logistics.
explore












hospitality
elevate your guest experience: welcome to a world of unforgettable hospitality.
explore












property
whether you're looking to buy, or rent a property, we are here to guide you. 
explore










 







growing today, preserving tomorrow our pledge to sustainable and good practices


 














how we work
our commitment to versatility allows us to seize opportunities, explore new markets, and create synergies that drive growth and success. with a firm belief in collaboration, we foster an inclusive culture that celebrates unique perspectives, harnesses collective strengths, and propels us forward. from groundbreaking innovations to transformative ventures, our diversified company is a catalyst for progress, consistently pushing boundaries and making a positive impact in the communities we serve.
learn more






2022 annual report
welcome to steamships, where positive financial growth is not just a goal but a reality we consistently achieve. with a steadfast focus on strategic planning, prudent decision-making, and a customer-centric approach, our company has experienced remarkable growth in recent years. through our unwavering commitment to excellence and a keen understanding of market dynamics, we have successfully expanded our operations, diversified our portfolio, and strengthened our position in the industry. this growth is a testament to our dedicated team, who consistently deliver exceptional results and drive our company's success.
view reports








 




partners











































 








press releases
welcome to our company press releases, where we keep you informed about the latest developments and exciting happenings within our organisation. from groundbreaking innovations to strategic partnerships, impactful initiatives, and noteworthy achievements, our press releases offer a glimpse into the dynamic world of our company.











14 february 2025
hebamo transport limited officially established: a strategic joint venture to support papua lng project





read more












03 february 2025
steamships hospitality’s commitment to excellence in safety, security and hygiene awarded with safehotels certification





read more












30 december 2024
highlander hotel’s inaugural charity ball a resounding success


inaugural christmas charity ball a success 


read more






 







subscribe your email to our tok steamies newsletter



subscribe







 










steamships, a visionary organisation that values both growth and sustainability as fundamental pillars of our business philosophy. with an unwavering commitment to success, we recognise that long-term growth can only be achieved by integrating sustainable practices into every aspect of our operations.

 (+675) 3137400  
 information@steamships.com.pg
 @345 building, levels 1-2, stanley esplanade, ncd, papua new guinea





links

home
our businesses
careers
media
sustainability





media

contact us
press releases
tok steamies
news
privacy policy





facebook feed
steamships




 





2024 © all rights reserved by steamships




follow us: 


























