








extension milwaukee county – university of wisconsin-madison














































 















										 					   office information
purpose statementoffice map and directionsdirectory 


 









extension milwaukee county
university of wisconsin-madison






search











menu
skip to content
about us

staff directory
office map & directions
dismantling racism is necessary
how to file a discrimination or harassment report


community development
families & finances

financial education volunteer program


foodwise

about foodwise
foodwise partner agencies
foodwise expanded food and nutrition education program impact
foodwise supplemental nutrition assistance program impact
milwaukee farmers market coalition
meet our 2024 foodwise team
lead education


urban agriculture

beekeeping
garden rental


positive youth development

4-h youth development

4-h community clubs


community youth development


donate
 







                    we teach, learn, lead and serve, connecting people with the university of wisconsin, and engaging with them in transforming lives and communities.                




restore lawns by over-seeding in autumn
 


after a hot summer, fall is considered one of the best times to seed, renovate and establish new lawns. click to learn more from horticulture educator vijai pandian on how to restore lawns. 
read more...










mid-summer gardening tips
 


gardening season is in full swing, complete with all of the challenges and mysteries that can pop up. read on for tips to help you with mid-summer gardening challenges and surprises.
read more...










dismantling racism is necessary for communities to thrive
 


it is clear that racism and white supremacy in our systems, communities, and schools are killing black, brown, and indigenous people. this is unjust. our efforts towards racial equity in response to this work have not been enough. as an office, we have much work to do. we invite our current, former, and potential community partners, volunteers, and colleagues not already engaged in the work of confronting and dismantling racist systems to join us in this necessary work. change is only achieved when we commit to long-term, sustained work as a community. 
read more...










scam alert: scammers pretending to be contact tracers
 


a new scam has been reported by the wi dept. of justice. this one uses the guise of contact tracing to try to get personal financial information. read on for tips to spot and avoid this scam. 
read more...










spring garden q&a
 


spring gardening season is here! horticulture educator vijai pandian has answers for common spring gardening questions about prepping soil, asparagus, rhubarb, and raised beds. 
read more...







post navigation
 ◄ older entries





our locationextension milwaukee county

6737 w. washington st, ste 2250
west allis, wi 53214
phone: 414-615-0550
fax: 414-302-3709
711 for wisconsin relay
office visits: appointments needed. due to a staffing shortage and our community work in the field, appointments are needed to meet with our staff. please reference our directory or leave a general message at 414-615-0550. thank you for your understanding and support!
business hours:
monday-friday, 8 am – 4:30 pm
 


view map & directions

help us growdo you love our programs? click the donate here button to make a tax-deductable donation. 
  connect with us

facebookyoutube 
 find us on facebook
facebook

 












 
news articles by category

4-h youth development

4-h

stem





administration

community development

family living

nutrition education



horticulture

gardening tips

master gardener



news

nutrition education

uncategorized

urban agriculture

apiculture








connect with us
   
university of wisconsin uw-extension publications
uw-milwaukee
uw-milwaukee continuing education
wisconsin public radio
wisconsin public television




local government city of milwaukee
milwaukee county




local organizations metro. milwaukee assoc. of commerce
milwaukee 7 - economic development
visit milwaukee




 
 






university of wisconsin-madison
      |              explore extension: 
agriculture    
community development     
families & finances     
health     
natural resources     
youth     
 

connect with us
support extension

 
 





extension home




we teach, learn, lead and serve, connecting people with the university of wisconsin, and engaging with them in transforming lives and communities.
explore extension »





county offices



connect with your county extension office »








staff directory



find an extension employee in our staff directory »







social media




get the latest news and updates on extension's work around the state
 facebook
 twitter






facebook






twitter





search all sites










feedback, questions or accessibility issues: info@extension.wisc.edu | © 2025 the board of regents of the university of wisconsin system  privacy policy | non-discrimination policy & how to file a complaint | disability accommodation requests


		an eeo/aa employer, university of wisconsin-madison division of extension provides equal opportunities in employment and programming, including title vi, title ix, the americans with disabilities act (ada) and section 504 of the rehabilitation act requirements.
    


 











