

freelife goji juice order form




















freelife™ himalayan goji - gochi juice 
health-goji-juice.com

ssl secured order form 
order 24 hours with confidence - international orders are welcome!








note: if you've ordered previously and would prefer to use our freelife shopping order form - click here!





if you are having trouble with this form, email us.

ordering instructions


note: you will receive the very best "advantage" price on each order you place through our order form.
enter the quantity desired for each item in the qty field.
costs for shipping, and sales tax if applicable are added to each order. (review shipping charges-click here!)
all prices are subject to change without notice.
















name:
 (required)


address:
 (required)


city:
 (required)


state/province:
 (required)


country:
 (required)


zip code:
 (required)


telephone:
 (required)


fax number:
 (optional)


*e-mail:





*note: the above e-mail address must be completed for this form to work properly.
shipping address only if different from above


name:
 


address:
 


city:
 


state/province:
 


country:
 


zip code:
 






freelife nutrition products - (enter quantity below)





item#
description
price
qty.


263 
*new* gochi (goji) juice (single 1-liter bottle)
us$   37.95
 


264 
*new* gochi (goji) juice (4 pack 4 bottles) 
us$  144.99
 


163 
himalayan goji juice (single 1-liter bottle)
us$   36.95 
 


164 
himalayan goji juice (4 pack 4 bottles) 
us$  134.95 


 






 




select payment method






visa ...>


mastercard ...>


discover ...>


american express ...>











sub total: 





person's name exactly as it appears
          on credit card: 





credit card number: 





expiration date(mm/yy): 





3 or 4 digit security code
															 (click here for info)



click here to "sign": 










special
                  instructions/comments:  
advantage auto-ship program



note: would you like to be on the advantage auto-ship program at no charge?- you will always receive the best advantage price for as long as you choose to remain on the program. this assures you won't run out of wonderful himalayan goji juice. you will be sent out an order of himalayan goji juice (either a case of 4 bottles or 2 bottles, based on your selection below) on the 21st of each month if you haven't manually placed an order for the same amount (or more) prior to that date. you can cancel at anytime or postpone your shipment for the current month. note: your advantage order won't process until the following month after you signup.
if you would like to try the advantage program click the appropiate box below:




ac 100 ...>  4 bottles gochi juice
ac 35 .....>  2 bottles gochi juice
ac 100 ...>  4 bottles himalayan goji juice
ac 35 .....>  2 bottles himalayan goji juice
none ......>   i'm not interested in this program
																
																or will select this option in the future






message:
													
													
													please enter any personalized message that you would like to accompany your order of the above items in the text entry area below.




















submit to process your order for himalayan goji juice:



to submit order - hit submit button below.

                * 


 

































copyight 2008 health goji 







