






























































aggie sports | theeagle.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















53°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



business



crime



nation & world



politics



state



education



land and livestock post



news tip




obituaries


find an obituary



share a story




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



aggie sports



professional




lifestyles


art & theatre



movies & tv



music



event calendar



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



worship directory




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads 



special sections



the eagle archives 




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



faq



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









53°
cloudy














high school sports
college
aggie sports
professional





                
                aggie sports
                
                    























        
        
            texas a&m swimming & diving teams competing at secs under anderson

texas a&m swimmers and divers start postseason play under first-year director of swimming blaire anderson. 

















        
        
            18th-ranked alabama starts strong in victory over texas a&m

alabama's offense had a great shooting night in beating texas a&m

















        
        
            a&m women's golf team moves into second place at moon golf invitational

the no. 18 texas a&m women’s golf team jumped one spot on monday at the moon golf invitational into second place

















        
        
            details matter as texas a&m men’s basketball enters homestretch of sec play

details matter as the texas a&m men’s basketball enters the homestretch of sec play tuesday at mississippi state.

















        
        
            5 thoughts on texas a&m baseball’s opening series sweep over elon

here's five thoughts on the texas a&m baseball team after the aggies' opening weekend sweep of elon.

















        
        
            a&m women look to break losing skid at 21st-ranked alabama

a&m women's basketball team takes five-game losing streak on the road, where it hasn't won a game this season. 

















        
        
            no. 5 texas a&m edges charlotte to complete 4-1 softball road trip

texas a&m defeated charlotte 4-2 on sunday to complete a 4-1 road trip in clearwater, florida.























        
        
            aggies sweep elon behind trio of homers, patton's strong pitching effort




top-ranked texas a&m baseball team completes a sweep of elon on sunday at blue bell park.




















        
        
            aggie webb and former nfl great honored as texas sports hall of fame inductee




former texas a&m offensive lineman richmond webb was inducted into the texas sports hall of fame next saturday night in waco. 




















        
        
            a&m track and field team grabs pair of nation-leading marks at tiger paw invitational




the aggies will host the southeastern conference championships for the first time at the r.a. ‘murray’ fasken ’38 indoor track & field facility from feb. 27-march 1.




















        
        
            a&m falls to no. 10 oklahoma state, walks-off virginia




texas a&m finishes out the shriners children’s clearwater invitational against charlotte at 8 a.m. sunday.

























        
        
            texas a&m’s jace laviolette 2-homer game leads aggies to win over elon




texas a&m's jace laviolette hit two home runs saturday to help the aggies beat elon. here's a look at how laviolette is approaching this expectation-filled season.





















        
        
            photos of texas a&m baseball game two against elon




the texas a&m baseball team beat elon 16-6 in seven innings in game two saturday at blue bell park. 




















        
        
            a&m men's tennis team sweeps michigan




the no. 14 texas a&m men’s tennis team swept no. 20 michigan in consolation play at the ita national team indoors championships.
































        
        
            texas a&m men beat arkansas, in prime position for highest ncaa seed

the texas a&m men's basketball team was tabbed a 2-seed in the ncaa tournament selection committee's in-season top 16 saturday, before beating arkansas at reed arena.





















        
        
            photos of the texas a&m basketball game against arkansas

the texas a&m men's basketball beat arkansas 69-61 saturday at reed arena. 




















        
        
            a&m's ja'qualon scott breaks his own record at tiger paw invitational

a&m returns for the final day of the tiger paw invitational tomorrow.





















        
        
            photos of texas a&m baseball game one against elon

the texas a&m baseball team beat elon 4-2 in game one on opening day at blue bell park friday. 





















        
        
            texas a&m baseball opens 2025 season with win over elon

the texas a&m baseball team started its 2025 season and the michael earley era off on the right foot with a 4-2 win over elon in the aggies' season-opener friday.




















        
        
            texas a&m baseball fans, players excited as 2025 season gets underway

texas a&m baseball fans were revved up friday at blue bell park as the college season began with the aggies ranked no. 1.




















        
        
            a&m equestrian team rolls past georgia

the no. 6 texas a&m equestrian team downed no. 3 georgia, 12-4, in southeastern conference action on friday




















        
        
            a&m men's tennis team falls to texas at ita national team indoors championships

the no. 14 texas a&m men’s tennis team fell, 4-1 to third-ranked texas in the opening round of the ita national team indoors championships

















                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            brazos valley athlete of the week honor roll for feb. 10-feb. 16


















        
        
            details matter as texas a&m men’s basketball enters homestretch of sec play


















        
        
            rudder starts off on the right foot with an opening-day win over giddings



















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 
























        
        
            andersson garcia proving to be valuable passer for texas a&m men’s basketball team

texas a&m forward andersson garcia is proving to be valuable passer for the aggie men’s basketball team.




















        
        
            kennedy's arm, aggie bats add up to a run-rule victory over ucf

the fifth-ranked texas a&m softball remains hot with a lopsided victory over ucf. aggies have started the season 8-0. 




















        
        
            a&m moves sunday's women's tennis match time to 1 p.m.

it will be the last match for a&m (8-1) before starting southeastern conference play.  




















        
        
            no. 5 aggies roll by wichita state in tournament opener

a&m scores early and late in beating wichita state in florida softball tournament.





















        
        
            sixth-ranked texas a&m hosting no. 3 georgia

admission is free for the matchup between the aggies and bulldogs.




















        
        
            texas a&m pitcher ryan prager shares his three-fold decision to return to the aggies

texas a&m ace pitcher ryan prager shared his three-fold decision to return to school after being drafted last summer.




















        
        
            texas a&m honors childress by putting former coach's number honored on olsen field wall

the texas a&m baseball program has honored former head coach rob childress by adding his no. 29 to the olsen field wall.




















        
        
            texas a&m of caden sorrell 'out for foreseeable future;' freshman terrence kiel to start

texas a&m sophomore outfielder caden sorrell “will be out for the foreseeable future,” a&m coach michael earley said. freshman terrence kiel jr. will start in right field opening night.









more aggie sports



























×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

land and livestock post

newsletters

myaggienation

rack locations

join our team

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

licensing

dealer returns

printing services

curated commerce






                        © copyright 2025
                        the eagle, 1729 briarcrest drive bryan, tx 77802
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






weekend things to do

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























