










home | re-entry student program






















skip to main content






|centers for educational equity and excellence



toggle navigation










                                      re-entry student program                                  



 



search terms 


 submit search

 

home
about us our team
in the news

services courses
counseling
events
owls
scholarships

resources prospective students
current students

connect join the team
instagram
padlet
contact us

donate to rsp





secondary navigation

ce3 eligibility questionnaire






 







 








 










 
















for over 30 years, the re-entry student program has provided services and resources for the population of undergraduate students at berkeley ages 25 and older.
we recognize that students of a non-traditional age come to cal from all walks of life and bring with them diverse experiences and unique individual skill sets.  but one thing they have in common is their commitment to scholarship and particular drive to succeed.  our goal is to foster connections and a sense of community among our re-entry student population and to offer specialized support as they pursue their academic and career goals.
we are located in b north of the martin luther king, jr. student union building.






enroll in our transition course this semester!





















each semester, the re-entry student program offers a 1-unit course designed to help students new to berkeley navigate their transition to the research university by improving their knowledge of campus resources and providing a space to share with and learn from other 25+ adult learners.








transition course
















meet with our counselors!





















whether you're a new admit feeling overwhelmed by your transition to cal or a continuing student with questions about campus resources, our team of counselors is here to help you achieve your goals and plan out your roadmap to academic success.  click the link below to meet our staff and to book an appointment.








success counseling
















apply for a re-entry scholarship!





















applications for the re-entry student program scholarships are open at the beginning of each fall semester.  for more information about scholarship requirements and how to apply, click the link below.








re-entry scholarships
















connect with us!





















there are a number of ways to get connected with the re-entry student community on campus.  you can attend one of our weekly owls meetings, come utilize the rsp study space in b north, or join our student staff as an intern or peer advisor.  click the link below for our contact information, and don't forget to follow us on instagram to stay informed about upcoming program events!








contact us
















the re-entry student program is a part of the centers for educational equity and excellence (ce3). the centers for educational equity and excellence is comprised of several additional programs which target vulnerable and non-traditional student groups on campus and provide them with additional support to ensure that they can excel at the top public university in the world. take this quick questionnaire to see the programs for which you are eligible.
















 
 
 
 
 









follow us:facebook
x (formerly twitter)
youtube
instagram
 






home
donate
contact us
 







spring 2025 hours of operation:
mondays - fridays 10am - 5pm
reentry@berkeley.edu


















powered by open berkeley
accessibility statement
nondiscrimination policy statement
privacy statement
copyright © 2025 uc regents; all rights reserved




back to top








