



not just art, art, science, music together ® oyster bay, plainview, huntington, manhasset, garden city, babylon, massapequa, bellmore, sea cliff, nassau county, suffolk county, long island






















































				  183 south street, oyster bay, ny 11771(516) 922-8300





















winter session
  
 begins january 6 
 


music together schedule

art  schedule
 online registration

 calendar 

 


 









 












fall session
   
 begins september 12
 

music together schedule

art  schedule   
   
 call for info
 
 calendar 






 


























































 





























regular winter session classes do not meet feb. 15-21morning winter break (feb. 17-21) sessions are fulllimited spots available in afternoon sessionsthe spring schedule will be available the last weeek of februarylinks to class schedule are on the leftany questions - call the office!
join our facebook group:'not just art families'for schedule updatesfollow us on instagram!not just art store in oyster bay is open for art, science, music supplies, kits & giftsand small birthday parties! 






not 
                                  just art - celebrating over 30 years of children, creativity & community! 
                                  


not just art is a children's creative enrichment center for children birth through ten years old, and their families. 

currently, we are offering art programs (drop off and "with adult") and small parties at the not just art studio in oyster bay. 

                             
 music together classes are offered in oyster bay, garden city, huntington, and west islip during the school year. summer classes are in oyster bay & west islip. 

                           
                                

							   discover imaginative fun for babies and beyond! we feature a flexible calendar of music, art & science classes and activities for infants, toddlers, preschoolers, and elementary age kids, including: 

music together® classes(for newborns through 5 years)
art classes
science classes 
parent/child  (mommy & me) and  separation clases
preschol enrichment
prek & elementary after school programs
birthday parties, play dates & custom events 
drop-in art studio 
scout troops  badges  
seasonal workshops, school vacation & holiday programs
summer mini camps
family activities
offsite events for schools and special groups
specialty toy store and creative supplies for curious minds
.....and more!


							   our relaxed, child-friendly environment and approach accommodates a wide range of ages, interests, and abilities. we are especially proud that many children with special needs can be seamlessly included, and that therapists of all sorts regularly recommend us to their clients. 
								

								whatever the event, every child will experience respectful, nurturing teachers, cozy class sizes, exploratory curricula and developmentally appropriate activities, and moments of joyful wonder and discovery! 
								

								while all programs are offered in our oyster bay location, we also have additional music together® locations in  garden city, huntington village, and west islip.
                                
                                
                                 

								  not just art's specialty toy store features thoughtfully chosen products to stimulate the imagination of creative, curious children of all ages.  we have an eclectic collection of high quality art supplies and kits, musical toys and instruments, science supplies and kits, construction toys, games, infant toys and more!
								  

								many items in our store have been featured in "best of" parent lists and in teacher resource catalogs for those working with special needs children, are used in montessori based and/or waldorf programs, and have often been tested in the nja classrooms and approved by children, parents, and our own teaching staff! 
								










 











































join our newsletter:






email: 







								click here for:   newsletter archive







								for email newsletters you can trust
								








