




















welcome to showstopper!

















home

our story

videos

shop
my showstopper
contact





conventions
teachers' express
regionals
finals












































 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





“...it struck me last year, and again this year, that your organization runs the most technically seamless competition i’ve seen. from the professional staging to the sound and video, it is nearly without blemish. the mechanics of judging and awards is done very efficiently, it is simple, structured, understandable and free of fluff. for parents such as us that have a child who competes in a fairly large number of events, they are expensive endeavors, and it is nice to see a quality product for this investment.” - r. groom




“i’m sure you hear this a lot, but i just wanted to let you know how much i appreciate the way you run your competition. your competition is the most professionally run competition our studio has attended. it’s great to know that when competition fees can be a lot for families financially, they feel like they are getting something quality in return. your show is fantastic from you set-up and stage, from your communications to your website, it’s always top-notch. you take the time to make the kids feel like they are all special!” - k. lindsey




“you guys are amazing!!! i have been coming to your competitions for about 5 years now and have been blown away by it. you have no idea how much it meant to be given a chance to dance on that stage and get that adrenaline rush!!!” - allie




“…i wanted to thank you for the fantastic competition in march in pittsburgh, pa. we were new to your organization this year and i always enter a new competition with a bit of trepidation, but i cannot tell you how wonderful you staff and crew were. very professional, so enthusiastic and very organized. as a teacher i look for consistent judging, organization and respect and i received all of what i looked for and more. my students and parents also want fairness during awards and feel important and special and you did that over and above anyone i have ever seen by setting up a beautiful stage in the 2nd room. it’s wonderful to find a competiton that pleases my teachers/choreographers as well as the dancers and their parents.” - j. spencer




“i would like to thank you for a wonderful weekend at your phoenix competition. most importantly, your judges recognized all forms of dance. if we can afford to attend a national event this summer, we will surely come to showstopper, my children loved all the positive comments from your entire staff.” - mollie




“i have never been to a more professional competition that showstopper! it is by far our school’s favorite to attend. my students love the excitement of attending a large competition, my parents love the stage, lighting, and sound and i as a director love your scheduling and your teachers information center. keep up the good work. we can’t wait for may in virginia and for nationals!” - s. rene




“thanks showstopper. dance elite had a fabulous time…your judges critiques are always encouraging and uplifting…you are by far the best dance competition…so organized, hospitable and classy!! there is only one competition, and that’s showstopper!!!” - mr. torrey




“classy, fun. showstoppers is and will always be the best dance competition anywhere.” - michelle houck, pa
                                                                                             
                                                          




“america’s most popular dance competition” - dancer magazine
                                   
                                           
                                         
                                        
                                     
                                                




“diamond school of dance gives you a double thumbs up for a fabulous out of this world convention! so organized, so on time, so positive, incredible role models for our dancers! i was moved to tears by the teachers showcase – incredible! all the parents from our studio have repeated over and over how impressed they were! thanks for once again being the best convention and competition out there!” - alicia kubetz




“showstopper is so inspirational to young dancers, your entire staff are dedicated to these children. you have soooo much to be proud of. love it!!” - tricia curcio white                                                                               




“yea! we’ve been waiting on this! thanks showstoppers for always making the competition experience so special by going above and beyond. ” - ashley ‘proctor’ vandagriff                                                                               


 











previous
next



  






















  et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus 




get to know us
events
join us
popular



home
our story
careers
contact us


regionals
finals
convention


teachers' express lane
my showstopper
shop


video
where are they now?








 1340 dividend loop, myrtle beach, sc 29577  p:843-357-show (7469)   f:1-843-357-3579   e-mail us




facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram




                	copyright © (2002, text) - showstopper
                






