









home - rental world




























































 








 


skip to content





                                    menu                                 




                                        search                                    

 

   





 home   
equipment rental  equipment rental catalog
 how to – equipment rentals

party rental  party rental catalog
 photo gallery categories
 how to – party rental
 weddings
 event services

tent rental  tent & booth rental catalog
 tent size calculator
 common tent sizes

 amusement rental   
about us  about rental world
 testimonials
 our staff
 employment opportunities
 in the news
 faqs

helpful info  faqs
 trusted vendors
 suggested alcohol quantities
 damage waiver (dwc)
 tdi license info
 credit agreement
 employee training






   
 
                                photo gallery                               
 
                                rental catalog                               
 
                                call a location                            






 



 



 




 
                                            0 
                                        




                                                menu                                            














equipment rentalsequipment rentals catalog
how to – equipment rentals

party rentalsparty rental catalog
event photo gallery
how to – party rental
event services
weddings
special event product catalog

tent rentalstents & booths catalog
tent size calculator
how to – equipment rentals

amusement rentals
contact us











your local rental center


                rental world is one of the oldest, largest, and most trusted general equipment rental companies in south and central texas and the coastal bend. our rental inventory includes all you need for party rentals, amusement rentals, tool rentals, and equipment rentals.            


equipment salesequipment rentalsparty rentalstent rentalsamusement rentals 


 reliable new and used generators for sale or rent 








call or stop by any of our locations
don’t let the next storm or power outage catch you unprepared.
  generator rentals     
  
  equipment sales      


 
authorized local honda dealer
  view new hondas      
 
authorized local stihl dealer
  view new stihls      


 bouncer, slide, and inflatable for sale or rent 
great specials available now
all of our inflatables are thoroughly disinfected between uses.
  inflatable rentals     
  
  used inflatables for sale      


 
rental product categories



equipment rentals



party rentals



tent rentals



amusement rentals



wedding rentals



linen rentals



new equipment for sale




used equipment for sale



 
emergency response & disaster relief solutions











covid screening, testing, and vaccine tents, government response tenting, hurricane and storm response, emergency power generators, light towers, flooring, hvac available, & more.
  view solutions     
 
featured equipment rentals
  view all equipment rentals     















scissor lifts











zero turn mower











stripper, tile cart











light tower trailer



featured party rentals
  view all party rentals     



lounge set solid collection



elegant white bar



spandex linens











aluminum adjustable arch



featured tent rentals
  view all tent rentals     











20×20 clear frame tent



60x texas flag pole tent











100x hocker structure tent



30x keder frame tent



featured amusement rentals
  view all amusement rentals     











battle zone multi-ride











rocket kidzone combo











ninja wall dry slide











field goal challenge


 

what our customers are saying
  view all testimonials     
  

great4.1                based on 220 reviews            monique noelvery helpful staff here and the price was not bad for linens and chair covers. there is a large selection items to rent !response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and feedback.  happy holidays!                    c ramnot too bad. good service, prices a lil high but they got the stuff u need.gilbert cruzasked for miss flesher..she has been of great help and service to me.very smart lady.and very nice.they have what you need ..they are good for advice too.thank youresponse from the owner: thank you.                    juan hernandezthe staff is friendly and ready to assist, and the prices are fair and competitive.response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and positive feedback.                    jose enrique juarezexelente trato y rapidezresponse from the owner: thank you!                    david martinezgreat service and personalresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage and positive feedback!                    robert mvery nice people. very helpful. no issues. outstanding customer service!response from the owner: thank you!                    jorge castillogreat customer service and a smooth transaction.response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and feedback.                    e mexcellent service! they have a variety of items to rent from tables and chairs to party games. i will be back!response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and positive feedback!                    art kalifaalways enjoy working with rental world over the past few years. their people are very friendly and professional.response from the owner: thank you!                    jonathan floresi have rented a few lawn and garden pieces over the years here. they have always been great to deal with and give good advice.response from the owner: thank you!                    sole thesoulgreat place wonderful workers and quick load up and delivery and pick upresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage and positive comments.                    george lermawe rented some chairs for an event. we picked up the chairs and they served their purpose. staff was efficient.response from the owner: thank you                    vibe withmikeexcellent serviceresponse from the owner: thank you for you patronage and feedback!                    juan “sonny” montesthey have it if you need itresponse from the owner: thank you!                    jim meyersengine hoist worked well but leaked oil bad.otherwise good experience with rental world...response from the owner: thank you                    miranda merzemployees are friendly and helpfulresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage and feedback!                    gustavo alfredo peña gonzalezencuentras de todoresponse from the owner: thank you for you patronage and feedback.                    deb salonekthrough some very high wind gusts, rental world somehow managed to set up a rather large tent for our son's wedding that held steady!  the crew that came out worked through the heat and ensured that everything was done correctly.  then, the next day, tables and chairs were delivered.  again, the crew was friendly and made sure everything was set correctly.  after the wedding, they took everything down and our backyard was once again ours.  i cannot say enough good about this company, their products, and especially their amazing staff.response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and positive feedback!                    j. fishergood selection of rental goods,  the prices weren't out of line and worked with us to get an item that wasn't carried at that location.  only critique would be to work on some cleanings.   it wasn't horrible,  just a little attention to it would help.response from the owner: thanks for feedback.                    gabriel barrerathe staff was so nice and extremely helpful.  the owners are awesome!!response from the owner: thank you!                    jlewis6698my first time renting something here and i was impressed. the staff was friendly and helpful and they had exactly what i needed. the return was super quick and easy as well.response from the owner: thank you for patronage and feedback!                    derrick wolterpretty easy to rent a trencher from them.response from the owner: thank you for business and feedback!                    nachita sgreat prices!response from the owner: thank you                    fgreat customer service! waterslide was a hit at our party! very professional, considerate team for delivery & pick up!response from the owner: thank you!  glad the party went well.                    beth rogersoriginal reservation was not in, upgrade for free, nice way to handle business.rebecca kuttkuhni recently moved here from michigan needed to rent an engine hoist, because i have an out of state id they won't rent it to me.gary hallbergconcrete tools, easy pick up easy drop off. counter guys were great,  price was very goodresponse from the owner: thank you for your business and feedback!                    steven cantuvery awesome customer service.  above and beyond! very recommendable.response from the owner: thank you!  we appreciate your business and feedback!                    steve jamisonfriendly employees big and spacious ....very well equippedresponse from the owner: thank you for you business and feedback!                    bryan johnsonjose and russell were awesome to work with.  very professional and great customer service.  we had some machine issues and the crew went out of the way to bring us what we needed on site to keep going on the job.  i will definitely rent from rental world again next time we need equipment.response from the owner: thank for your patronage, feedback, and understanding.                    adolfo sanchezgood friendly serviceresponse from the owner: thank you!  we appreciate your business and review.                    roger llamasprompt courteous professional completely satisfied thank you guysresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage and feedback!  we appreciate your time and business.                    patricia younger coccaall the staff members are simply the best!randy mathersvery pleased with the servicenelson vargasvery informative worker's great place to rentj wirthtook a wok while on pick up drop off was smoothantonio vazquezvery good service 👍👍response from the owner: thank you for you patronage and feedback!                    ed garciarobert saludosresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage and time to provide rating.                    edward hammondtheir equipment is generally in good to new condition, never had a problem with them and have rented several machines from themresponse from the owner: thank you for your business and feedback.                    rogelio gonzalezwhat can i say about rental world, richard and his crew work hard to make sure everything we rent from them is in good condition, setup where we want it. never do we get a no when we ask to move something from kobe spot to another. the crew that he has working for him are all respectful. there is no other location i would rent from.response from the owner: thank you!  we appreciate you all.                    orlando lopezvery helpful..nice peopleresponse from the owner: thank you for your feedback and patronage!                    mariano fernandezamazing service quick and promptresponse from the owner: thank you for you patronage and time in providing feedback!                    christi clinganone of my stores!response from the owner: thank you!  keep coming back.  we appreciate your patronage and feedback.                    jose n penabest place in the rio grande valley for rentals.response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and positive affirmation of our products and services!                    hector garzaquick and easy! we needed some chairs for a reunion and they provided quick and easy service.response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and feedback!                    jordan garzathis place will get you anything you need to rent. the employees are really friendly. the store manager is a very cool guy as well.response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and feedback!                    jose salazarexcelenteresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage and review!                    yy071817 carrizalesdo you have motor crane for rent?response from the owner: yes, we have engine hoists available.                    carlos rodriguez sr. ({chingon})excellent service.carlos rodriguez sr. ({chingon})good excellent service. friendly staff. they have lots of things for all your party needs.response from the owner: thanks for your review and patronage!                    smiley lozanoalways have what i needto rentbrandon azevedoalways have what i need!!! always good priced.. awesome staffresponse from the owner: thanks for your patronage and feedback!                    christopher harrisonshout out to richardhe'll give a good deal.maria lisa floresawesome service & quality items....love itresponse from the owner: thank you for you patronage and feedback!                    juan wesley abbottthe new management made me change from 1 star to 5 starresponse from the owner: thank you for your feedback.  however, more information would be helpful.  it is my understanding that your dissatisfaction is based on our price of 20" buffer pads.  our pricing should be quite competitive on comparable products.  large discrepancies would suggest that products are unequal in some manner.                    gnu/linux usergreat place, excellent service..!very friendly people.response from the owner: thank you for patronage and feedback!                    luis eliasnice people and fair prices not like homedepo or lowe's that they ask u 10,000$ of deposit just to rent a screwdriver lol 😆rentaworld rocks!!!!! i really recommend itresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage and time to post review!                    mac ennishad the brush cutter we needed for under a hundo.response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and time to make review!                    roy royvery helpful and friendlyresponse from the owner: thank you for you patronage and time to review!                    norma walleygreat rental place you name it they got itresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage and time to place review!                    larry earlsalways has stock even tho i call last min.response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and review!                    michael beltrangood place to find an item, you might need to complete a taskchristopher harrisongreat placeresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage and feedback!                    steve chavezgreat first time experience, service and affordable pricesresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage, as well as your time in making review.                    noel guzmangreat service lots of choices of equipment to rent and several units of each typeresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage and feedback!                    feliz mendozabest service, highly recomendedresponse from the owner: thank you for you patronage and feedback!                    george yanezbest service....response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and feedback!                    victoria gonzalezgreat service!!!armando valdezthanks for the backhoe. it worked great. i will be back to get it again.ernesto garcíaencuentras todo lo que necesitas para tu fiesta.response from the owner: thank you for your time and patronage.                    mary segurabuen lugarresponse from the owner: thank you for your patronage and feedback!                    steve faganalmost anything you need to rent, this is the place to get it.  the prices are good and they always seem to have just what you need on hand when you need it. and just as important as all of that, the staff -- from all the folks in the front office to the guys and gals who help load your vehicle -- could not be nicer, more helpful or more customer oriented.  i know will always keep coming back to rental world in mcallen for whatever i need to rent.response from the owner: thank you for your patronage and feedback!                    faith friendsgreat prices!response from the owner: britany,thank you very much for giving us feedback about our prices. we work really hard to offer the best rental experience  in the best possible environment, so i’m happy to see that reflect.  here are top reasons to rent instead of buying.1. think of us as your well-organized garage or warehouse filled with furnishing, tents, utensils, and contractors grade of equipment.2. why buy or borrow dozens or hundreds of mismatched chairs and other furnishings when you can simply rent everything you need for the project.3. let us handle the maintenance, upkeep and storage.4. get exactly what you need and want rather than trying to "make do" with something else.5. unless you will use the items often for a long time, renting is always more cost effective.                    xavier guzmanfor rental items there is no place better. from heavy machinery to party rentals you'll find it here. people are friendly and prices are wallet friendly.response from the owner: hi xavier,thank you for your feedback.  as our slogan says....we rent everything from trenchers to teacups.sincerely,rental world, llchttp://rentalworld.com                    
  

five convenient locations in south and central tx
store hours: monday thru friday 8:00am to 5:00pm | saturday 8:00am to 2:00pm
  


    mcallen   1020 e. business hwy 83mcallen, tx 78501duns# 001659858cage# 302e6
 directions 
  
 call (956) 630-5222  


    weslaco   404 e. 4th st.weslaco, tx 78596duns# 809398709cage# 72gc6
 directions 
  
 call (956) 968-7508  


    harlingen   1014 w. tyler ave.harlingen, tx 78550duns# 118985352
 directions 
  
 call (956) 364-1014  




    brownsville   2134 central blvd.brownsville, tx 78520duns# 018620727cage# 72ex8
 directions 
  
 call (956) 542-7200  


    corpus christi   3729 saratoga blvd.corpus christi, tx 78415duns# 025816269cage# 72p26
 directions 
  
 call (361) 855-7368  


    harlingen warehouse   corporate office & central warehousing
821 w. jackson st.harlingen, tx 78550duns# 025461442
 directions 
  
 call (956) 428-7368  



  contact us     
 


about rental world
we carry a wide array of products to meet the needs of homeowners, small and medium contractors, and event coordinators. 
whether remodeling or building a home, cutting down a tree, or having a backyard party for a few friends or even a texas size celebration for a few thousand friends, rental world has the experience and equipment to service virtually all your rental needs. 
our management team often ask quite a few questions about your project or event. we understand that our primary job is to provide solutions, not just rent equipment. our team is there to help ensure that you have the right equipment at the right time and the right place for your project or event.
  read more about rental world     






 








rental world’s product range is vast
if you do not see what you need on our website or when passing by one of our locations, give us a call. you might be surprised at the equipment that we carry. if we do not have the right equipment for your job or event, we will do our best to help direct you to someone that does, even if we have to refer you to one of our friendly colleagues. in addition, we continuously add to our inventory based on customer requests, customer interviews, and through attendance at numerous trade shows and conventions.




use our online catalog to add items to your rental quote request



equipment rental quote


party rentals quote


tent rentals quote


amusement rentals quote


 










                                    business information                                

hub certified vendor #1742961774300
gsa#47qswa21d0007









                                    rental locations                                
 brownsville, tx

 corpus christi, tx

 harlingen, tx

 mcallen, tx

 weslaco, tx





                                    rental catalogs                                
 equipment rentals

 party rentals

 tent rentals

 amusement rentals





                                    about rental world                                
 general info

 testimonials

 faqs

 employment

 contact us









                            note: due to constant product development and improvement, artwork, shape, color, size, description and schematic that appear on the web may not reflect the latest changes. image for reference only actual item may look different. pricing is subject to change.                        
home
fleettraks
fleettracks 2
vehicle tracker
bobcat – sign in

 web design by today’s business 
                            | copyright 2025
                            , rental world, llc. all rights reserved. 
                        









 

