







whole foods market uk




























































0








        skip to content
      
























        order online
      



        recipes
      



        find a store
      
















open menu
close menu
















open menu
close menu

























        order online
      



        recipes
      



        find a store
      



























                  order online
                





                  recipes
                





                  find a store
                






































valentine’s day delicious desires show your love with a delicious dinner at home, whether you're planning a romantic evening for two or celebrating with friends. from premium cuts of meat to fresh seafood, decadent desserts and perfect wine pairings, we have all you desire for a memorable meal. 




    find a store
  
































save big every weeksave at whole foods market with our weekday daily deals that include some of our favourite soup, baguettes, and more!deals are available in all stores. terms and conditions apply. 




    check out the deals here
  









new year, new menuwe are starting 2025 with a brand new menu at our hot bar and lots of new additions to our pizza bar & salad bar.our new menu’s are designed to fuel your goals (whatever they are!) and to support your wellbeing throughout january and beyond.




    find out more
  






































order pizzas, salads and more favourites.















choose from hundreds of our favourite products and get them delivered to your door in a flash with deliveroo.




    shop now on deliveroo
  














discover our latest &greatest



check out what's hot right now, including limited-time-only savings, new finds and seasonal favourites.






































the good grain overnight oats 



























lucky saint alcohol-free beer



























farmison crumbed chicken goujons



























whole foods market 365 atlantic salmon slices



























whole foods market strawberry & chocolate madeleines


























our purpose is to nourish people and the planet.









































shopping



gift cardsdeliveroorecipes



mission in action



quality standardscommunity givingenvironmental stewardship



about



book a demoour valuesinformation and potential suppliersgender pay gapmodern slavery act



need help?



contact us ➔



connect with us
































    sign up for email
  



*this link will take you to our sign up page on amazon website.


cookie settings



copyright 2022 amazon technologies, inc.  -  privacy notice | terms and conditions  i cookie noticewholefoodsmarket.co.uk is the trading name of fresh & wild limited. registered in england and wales. address: 63 – 97 kensington high street, london, w8 5se, united kingdom. registration number: 3576009. vat: 722 786 517"whole foods market" is a registered trademark of amazon technologies, inccorporate policies
























