






patrick cameron | access long hair for hairdressers and salons

































patrick cameron live
access long hair live
webinars
shop
biography
bookings & contact
 


select page


  
 
 























access long hair tvdraw from my years of experience, monetise and grow your long hair work. become a member!think netflix for dressing long hair. on this platform, i will share my vast content of over 300 step-by-step videos, free webinars for members and much more.
start learning - access tv





access long hair live join me weekly on social media in access long hair live!a fun-filled 30 minutes where i will creates step-by-step styles, share fashion trends and answers questions from my many thousands of viewers.
let's get social - access live













see patrick in personevery one of my events are designed to educate, inspire and motivate my audience with a fabulous blend of laughter and beautiful hair.my passion is to share great education i try to always try to over-deliver and leaves my audience saying, “wow, i could do that!”.
book your event





exclusive webinarsan online invitation for you to interact with me and fellow hairdressers worldwide, i truly love educating using webinars.ask me questions in ‘real-time’ show me your work, and together, we can take the fear out of dressing with long hair. your success – is my success.
join patrick













best long hair toolshaving the right tools for your profession are essential for the best results. high-quality equipment sends a strong message that you are dedicated to your craft and willing to invest in yourself.my patrick cameron’s classic long hair accessories are a must-have for any hairdresser and salon.
shop tools









patrick cameron mbewhen hairdressers worldwide look for inspiration especially in this digital world we now live in, 1000’s of hairdressers look to me for inspiration and motivation – patrick cameron.my philosophy is to connect the industry, using the power of creativity across my social media platforms, help focus and give confidence in a positive way, during one of the most challenging times our industry has ever seen.
get to know patrick







bookings & contactwould you like to see patrick at your next show? do you have any questions you would like to see answered by patrick on access long hair live? do you have any questions about our hair products? just wanna say hi?then use our easy contact form and we’ll get back to you as soon as we can!
get in touch









 












home
patrick cameron live
access long hair live
webinars
shop
biography
bookings & contact














© patrick cameron 2024site by digital deluxe



followfollowfollowfollow



 















