





garden state model railway : model train club in new jersey.



















































































garden state model railway club north haledon, nj 
since 1953
info@gsmrrclub.org








donate your trains!do you have model trains that you wish to get rid of it? donate your old or unwanted models to the model railroad club and we will find a new life for your old models. find out more on our donations page


















donate to the model railway
annual open house
videos
about

about
scouts


layouts

575 high mountain road
569 high mountain road


events

events
open house
operating sessions


membership

membership


blog

blog


contact


donate

























































log in 
© 2025 garden state model railway club







 






 garden state model railway club 
model train club in new jersey.
featuring ho scale model trains 
575 high mountain road – north haledon, new jersey 07508 -info@gsmrrclub.org
the garden state model railway club, a model train club in new jersey. incorporated is a not-for-profit organization dedicated to preserving, expanding, and educating both model railroading and railroading.

66th annual
model railroad show
fun for the whole family! kid friendly model train show!

thomas the tank engine! kiddie layout! refreshments!




operating time table no. 2025open 12 noon to 5pm

march 22, 23march, 29, 30, april 5, 6
open hours12:00 – 5:00
donations: adults $10children 10 and under free with adult



more information on our model railroad exhibits

donate today 
dear friends, 




garden state northern model railway needs your help. we have had our annual show for the last 25 years. months of planning go into the show and years of work have gone into building the layout.
our annual shows help us continue our club’s mission of continuing to share and keep alive the history of local railroads.







do you have model trains that you wish to get rid of it? donate your old or unwanted models to the model railroad club and we will find a new life for your old models.  find out more on our donations page


about us


from its humble origins in a garage in paterson in the early 1950s, the garden state model railway club has established itself as a leader in ho model railroading in the northeast. the club’s history of creativity and innovation in building and operating model railroads have been attracting serious hobbyists for decades, as well as the parents and children who throng to its open houses. now, the club has entered a new phase of growth, attracting new younger members, and it has set ambitious expansion plans for what will be two permanent layouts at its north jersey headquarters.
the gsmrr currently operates the garden state northern, an ho-scale railroad with over four scale-miles of track, at its home at 575 high mountain road in north haledon, nj. the existing layout has been revised and im- proved on an ongoing basis for almost three decades. it recreates the location and operations of the railroads of north jersey during the transition era of the 1950s, with accurate depictions of industrial operations and urban and rural scenery.



what we do




open houses


read more



operations


read more



networking


join today





club news

garden state model railway club layout updates – april 2022
come to our shows! june 11 and 12, 2022, 12-5pm. $8/person, kids 10 and under free! 575 high mountain road, north haledon, 

may 10, 2022

what we’ve been working on: 

























facebook


twitter 



































