




































    northern light balloon expeditions | sedona balloon rides
  

 

 

















               


 
    home



  photo gallery



  equipment & capacity



  what to wear



  physical requirements



  flight schedule



  rates & contact



  reservations






 
  

book now!








    
 





       
 since 1974
  the best way to experience the majesty of sedona's red rock area...
  rise above the spectacular with sedona’s original hot air balloon company
  our small family business was created in 1974, and is still going strong with the same family. we have an excellent safety record, with the longest flying record of any balloon company in the state of arizona
  our small family business was created in 1974, and is still going strong with the same family. we have an excellent safety record, with the longest flying record of any balloon company in the state of arizona
   

learn more





   
 we are one of only two balloon companies permitted by the u.s. forest service to take off and land in the sedona
area.
 
  

view our equipment & capacity




   

 where will you go?
we don’t know!
 hot air balloons have no steering mechanism, so you go where the wind takes you. mother nature is in charge. our favorite launch site is off red rock loop road, close to red rock state
park.
 



   
 book your adventure today!
  call us at 1-800-230-6222 or (928) 282-2274
   

book your reservation




   we fly both smaller seven passenger and larger 14 passenger balloons, allowing us to accommodate all group sizes. the actual number of people in each balloon varies according to passenger weights. the larger balloons are compartmentalized. you can request which size balloon you wish you fly in, but we cannot guarantee your choice.we do not fly balloons larger than 14 passenger, as we believe they provide a less enjoyable experience for our guests.our
aircraft  are the most modern and best maintained in the area, exceeding faa and balloon industry standards. our pilots are all high-hour, faa licensed, seasoned professionals, and our ground crew and support personnel are of the highest caliber. this overall professionalism creates a safe and enjoyable flight for you, enabling you to relax and enjoy the experience.  your experience ends with a champagne toast.
   









      



       home



  photo gallery



  equipment & capacity



  what to wear



  physical requirements



  flight schedule



  rates & contact



  reservations






  contact
  toll free: 1-800-230-6222﻿
  local: (928) 282-2274
  fly@northernlightballoons.com
sedonaballoonflights@gmail.com  sedona, az

   

get a quote

    

 

 




 




     © 2025 
all rights reserved | northern light balloon expeditions





















































































































  
  share by:











