




welcome to secu | state employees' credit union































skip to main content


























contact us






find a branch and atm






rates & fees







lending rates






share & deposit account rates






account & lending fees







faqs






routing number: 253177049




toggle navigation










accounts










           visa® credit card
        









everyday spending




                       everyday spending (view all)




           checking account
        



           debit cards
        



           cashpoints® global
        



           visa® gift card
        











savings accounts




                       savings accounts (view all)




           share account
        



           money market share account
        



           share term certificates
        



           health savings account
        



           retirement savings
        



           education savings
        



           holiday cash club account
        



           summer cash account
        











investment accounts




                       investment accounts (view all)




           cuis / sbs business continuity plan
        











accounts for kids & teens




                       accounts for kids & teens (view all)




           fat cat® share account
        



           zard® accounts
        











automated account services 




                       automated account services  (view all)




           ask secu
        



           cashpoints® atm
        



           direct deposit
        



           funds transfer
        



           overdraft transfer service
        



           payroll deduction
        



           wire transfer
        













loans










mortgages




                       mortgages (view all)




           adjustable rate mortgages (arm)
        



           fixed rate mortgages
        



           home equity line of credit
        



           mortgage refinancing
        



           special mortgage programs
        



           mortgage resources
        











           auto loans
        









personal loans




                       personal loans (view all)




           signature loans
        



           salary advance loans
        



           share-secured loans
        



           term notes
        











           visa® credit card
        










planning & insurance










insurance




                       insurance (view all)




           auto & home insurance
        



           life insurance
        



           annuities
        



           insurance claims
        



           medicare plans
        



           health insurance
        



           travel insurance
        











estate planning




                       estate planning (view all)




           estate planning essentials
        



           trust services
        











           retirement planning
        









           financial empowerment
        









           fiduciary resource guides
        











digital services










mobile services 




                       mobile services  (view all)




           alerts
        



           mobile app
        



           mobile payments
        



           one time passcode
        



           two-way text messaging
        











online services




                       online services (view all)




           billpay
        



           fico® score
        



           member access
        



           real-time loan advance
        



           statements
        



           visa® credit card balance transfer 
        



           visa® credit card cash advance
        



           quicken download
        











           online security
        











resources & tools










           learning hub
        









           calculators
        











           join
        




search

close





what can we help you find?





popular searches


mortgages


credit cards


auto loans


accounts for kids


mobile app


savings account










sign in






member access



close



user id




remember me


remember me




password



sign in




sign in with the secu mobile app*
sign in with member access

*you will be redirected to your app marketplace.





enroll in member access
forgotten password
online security















we are aware that members are unable to complete online cash advances, view credit card transaction information online, and activate credit cards using the activation number at this time.
we appreciate your patience as we work quickly to resolve this issue.



















stay ahead with smart savings 
earn 4.40% apy1 for 12 months with a share term certificate (stc) account and get a fixed-rate term for reliable growth.


learn more









view the new version of our account rules and regulations disclosure, effective march 10, 2025.







 
how can we help you?




share account





















start here to meet your savings goals
open a share account to establish secu membership, grow your savings, and gain access to a wide range of products and services.



join secu
learn more












checking account





















manage your money and everyday expenses
access your money where and when you need it and earn dividends with an secu checking account. move money, pay bills, set up account alerts, and more.



open account
learn more












visa® credit card




















get spending confidence from your trusted credit union
an secu visa credit card is a top choice for purchases and balance transfers. plus, convenience and security features come standard.



learn more












personal loans





















gain financial flexibility so you can find a path forward
explore a range of options that fit your budget, timeline, and goals. members get competitive rates and outstanding personalized support.



apply now
learn more












mortgages





















find the right mortgage from a lender you can trust
confidently navigate choices, whether you’re buying a first home, refinancing, or tapping into equity. members get the care and support they need to put home goals into focus.



apply now
learn more

















why choose secu?







we’re a cooperative owned by you, our members
as a not-for-profit member-owned cooperative, we are focused on providing you with the best products and services for your financial success. 












we’ve been a trusted financial provider since 1937
grounded in the credit union philosophy of people helping people®, secu is committed to meeting the needs of our members and communities. that commitment will never change.












we’re here every step of the way
we provide products and services designed for every stage of your financial journey.










see membership eligibility
















save 20% on turbotax® federal products
fast and accurate filings start with expert support from turbotax. get your refund faster with secu direct deposit.


get started



















2025 summer camp awards
eligible fat cat® and zard® members can share their summer camp wish for a chance to win $500 toward registration fees. enter by february 28.


learn more



















we want to support you in the aftermath of the storm
we have several resources available to help those who have been affected.



learn more






















a more confident way to buy a car
secu is here before you start shopping and after you drive off the lot. learn more about your auto options.




            competitive auto loans
            with quick pre-approval, you know your budget before you go shopping.2


            customizable auto insurance
            we'll tailor your coverage to fit your needs and help protect your vehicle and assets.3






apply for an auto loan
get auto insurance











hear from our members
members share how we’re serving our members and communities of north carolina.













“i appreciate the care you take with me and my family. my son was able to get the best interest rate on a car loan through secu. joining your credit union was the best financial decision our family has ever made. thank you!”

















“secu has provided me with financial security, but more importantly, people who kindly and wisely answer questions and help me navigate all financial situations. secu is one of the very best aspects of being a retired schoolteacher.’’

















“secu is truly a community- and member-focused organization. my family has lived in multiple north carolina locations, and every branch has been wonderful.’’













$57 billion
in assets


2.8 million
members


275
branch locations


1,100
atms





related resources











article
guide to tax preparation
our guide walks you through each step of tax completion from planning to filing.

read article














calculator
calculate a mortgage payment
use our calculator to see what your mortgage payment might look like. 

view calculator






view all learning resources






“best credit union for mobile banking 2022-2023”
money.com


“best credit union, mountain xpress”
2022 best of wnc awards


“best-in-state credit unions in north carolina”
2018-2023, forbes magazine















want to join secu?


see membership eligibility





 




disclosures








 
apy = annual percentage yield. apy is accurate as of 1/30/2025. the minimum balance to earn interest on share term certificates (stcs) is $250. interest accrues as simple daily interest. rates are fixed for the term of certificate and are determined by the length of the term. rates on new stcs are subject to change daily without notice. penalties may apply for early withdrawal of funds. fees may reduce the earnings on the account. interest cannot remain on account and payout is mandatory for non-compounding stcs. federally insured by ncua.apr = annual percentage rate. apr is your cost over the loan term expressed as a rate. rates are subject to change prior to the completion of the loan. your actual apr will be determined at the time of disbursement and may vary based on credit score, collateral, and loan terms. if you qualify, we can give you a quote for the current rate and most loan documents can be signed electronically. members must be 18 years old or otherwise eligible for lending services to apply. lending is limited to north carolina, south carolina, georgia, tennessee, and virginia residents and titled vehicles. other restrictions apply.auto, home, and other personal lines of insurance are subject to underwriting. insurance products are not guaranteed by, a deposit of, or an obligation of, any credit union and are not insured by ncua or any other federal government agency. insurance specialists are licensed to sell in north carolina only.




















newsroom



account disclosures


annual meeting & report


newsletters


news releases


view all newsroom >>






branch services



coin redemption


foreign currency


notary & signature guarantee


safe deposit boxes


shred days


united states savings bonds


view all branch services >>






contact us



(888) 732-8562


find a branch or atm


info@ncsecu.org


view all contacts >>






about us



board election information


board of directors


calendar


careers


community impact


corporate information


membership eligibility


secu financial status


learn more about us >>






calculators



auto loan payment


mortgage payment


loan payment


view all calculators >>





related sites


nc lifetime income


secu foundation


secu*re rental housing locator






connect with secu



















download acrobat reader


accessibility


sitemap


privacy


hmda


equal housing opportunity







nmls#430055


legal


ca notice at collection


federally insured by ncua






state employees’ credit union conducts all member business in english. all origination, servicing, collection, marketing, and informational materials are provided in english only. as a service to our members, we will attempt to assist those who have limited english proficiency where possible.
secu will not ask for personal information such as online credentials, account numbers, or card numbers via email, voice or text messaging.

©2025 state employees' credit union





back to top







you are being redirected from our site







you are now leaving the credit union website. the website you are entering is not affiliated with or controlled by the credit union and may have different terms, conditions and privacy and security policies than the credit union. the credit union does not provide, guarantee, endorse, or assume responsibility for any content, products or services that may be provided by the website you are entering. if you decide to access this website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use on such website.










continue to site
return to www.ncsecu.org













you are being redirected from our site







please be advised that state employees' credit union is responsible for the content we post to our social media sites. for more detailed information, please review our terms of use: website and social media accounts.












you are now leaving the credit union website. the website you are entering is not affiliated with or controlled by the credit union and may have different terms, conditions and privacy and security policies than the credit union. the credit union does not provide, guarantee, endorse, or assume responsibility for any content, products or services that may be provided by the website you are entering. if you decide to access this website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use on such website.










continue to site
return to www.ncsecu.org













you are being redirected from our site







the home mortgage disclosure act (hmda) data about our residential mortgage lending are available for review. the data shows geographic distribution of loans and applications; ethnicity, race, sex, age, and income of applicants and borrowers; and information about loan approvals and denials. these data are available online at the consumer financial protection bureau's website (www.consumerfinance.gov/hmda). hmda data for many other financial institutions are also available at this website.












you are now leaving the credit union website. the website you are entering is not affiliated with or controlled by the credit union and may have different terms, conditions and privacy and security policies than the credit union. the credit union does not provide, guarantee, endorse, or assume responsibility for any content, products or services that may be provided by the website you are entering. if you decide to access this website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use on such website.










continue to site
return to www.ncsecu.org













you are being redirected from our site







the website you are accessing is for clients of credit union investment services, inc. (cuis), an investment adviser registered with the state of north carolina. cuis offers investment advisory services to north carolina residents. securities are offered through secu brokerage services, inc., member finra / sipc. investments are not ncua insured, are not guaranteed by or obligations of any credit union or its affiliates, and may lose value including the principal amount invested.
the website you are accessing is maintained by a third party that cuis has engaged to provide online access (the cuis portal) to information about your investment accounts with cuis. the third party’s website presents its own terms, conditions and privacy and security policies, which may differ from those of the credit union.
if you have not yet registered for the cuis client portal, please contact your investment representative or our financial advisory services contact center at (800) 451-5467 so that we may invite you to register.










continue to site
return to www.ncsecu.org



















