








ucf college of business administration | business school




























































						college of business					




about us

our mission & visionadvisory boardcollege leadershipstaffnewsroompodcast: is this really a thing?dean’s excellence awardsconferences & eventsdirections
academics

academic departments and schoolsundergraduate programsgraduate programsucf mbaoffice of professional developmentknightlinescholarshipsstudent experiencestudy abroad
faculty & research

faculty listingfaculty researchcenters, institutes, labs & offices
corporate partners & alumni

office of outreach & engagementdean’s speaker seriesthe exchangeprofessional selling programstudent ambassadorsalumni & friendshall of famegiving
knightline

welcome to knightlineknightline for studentsknightline for employers
 






















business school for the 21st century


find degree info


make an appointment with a career coach


view upcoming events








jump to page content











not your average business school
ucf college of business is leading the charge into the next generation of business and education. established in 1968, ucf college of business offers degrees at the bachelor’s, master’s, doctoral and executive levels. all programs, as well as the kenneth g. dixon school of accounting, are accredited by the association to advance collegiate schools of business.











is this really a thing?
a new podcast from paul jarley, ph.d., dean of the college of business.



				listen now			










upcoming events 



feb 18
1:00 pm




						careerfest- women who mean business					


					meet the women who are share their career journey from ucf to their current roles, and how they continue to make waves in their industries.				




feb 18
2:30 pm




						careerfest- you got the job, now what?					


					you got to the one and now what do you do? our ucf alumni come to help navigate the workplace and how you can continue to standout, even after you are hired. what should you be doing to continue your…				




feb 19
11:00 am




						ask the career coaches					


					denise mcfadden and megan blanco from the office of professional development join us to answer your questions on careers, internships, networking or anything to guide you on your career journey.				




feb 19
12:00 pm




						master's in integrated business online information session					


					join us for our online information session for the master's in integrated business. this session will provide detailed information about the program including curriculum, learning outcomes, schedule, cohort format, application process and admission process. q&a with program director, carlos valdez, and graduate…				




feb 19
3:00 pm




						gartner exchange					


					gartner is a global company committed to helping their clients perform better on their mission-critical priorities. with 20,000 associates worldwide, there are opportunities to start your career with a leader in helping improve organizational success. lina pabon, recruiter, will be…				




feb 20
11:00 am




						ask vivint- careers, sales, internships, or anything you need to know for your career					


					vivint is looking to perfect the safer, smarter homers now and in the future. innovation drives them as they look to provide safer home through 24/7 monitored smart home security features. their services include home security automation systems, security cameras,…				




feb 20
12:00 pm




						fintech ms information session					


					join us for our online information session for the fintech ms degree program. this session will provide information about the program including curriculum, learning outcomes, schedule, cohort format, application process and admission process. q&a with coordinator of graduate admissions, meredith smart and director of the…				




feb 20
1:00 pm




						careers in sports entertainment fireside chat					


					chris woodward, entertainment business master of science faculty advisor, wwe nxt student initiative shares his experience into the entertainment industry and how he got his foot in the door. the entertainment industry is a multibillion-dollar industry with thousands of opportunities.…				




feb 24
12:00 pm




						accounting msa information session					


					join us for our online information session for the master's of science in accounting program. this session will provide detailed information about the program including curriculum, learning outcomes, schedule, application process and admission process. q&a with program director, elizabeth altiero poziemski phd and coordinator of…				




feb 25
1:30 pm




						integrated business daytona virtual information session					


					join us for a virtual information session on tuesday, feb. 25, from 1:30-2:30 p.m. to learn more about the integrated business daytona program! the bsba integrated business major is an innovative business degree now offered at ucf connect daytona beach campus beginning…				




view all






			starting fall 2025		

			the bsba integrated business major is a general business degree now offered at ucf connect daytona beach campus beginning august 2025.		

			learn more about ib daytona		



 
 
 



			dean's blog		

			whether you want the inside track on the college or you think your story could win the failure competition, tune into the dean's blog each week to hear directly from ucf business dean paul jarley.		

			read more from dean jarley		











why ucf college of business?
 at ucf college of business, our objective is clear: help our students and faculty “get to the one.” for students, we strive to be the place where they can achieve their academic objectives to be the one who gets the job, starts a business, makes the sale, makes a contribution and mentors others. students who graduate from the college will be great communicators and collaborators, risk takers, data-driven decision makers and problem solvers. our team – faculty, staff, friends, and alumni — is working hard to provide the right resources and environment to ensure we deliver on those promises.




relevant
our faculty and staff seek to provide our students with the education and experiences they need to succeed in today’s market. whether in the classroom or delivering a talk at the dean’s speaker series, faculty members are engaged in the latest research and program development. we offer programs that provide practical, hands-on learning and real-world experience. each week business and community leaders, entrepreneurs and alumni can be found in the exchange sharing their stories with students and giving them real-world insight into their industry.


engaging
a true culture of engagement sets the college apart from other business schools. with hundreds of events, activities, programs, organizations and resources available, students can identify their passion, practice their pitch, network with industry leaders, jumpstart a career or even launch a business before graduating. we push our students to get out of their comfort zones to try new things, communicate and collaborate with people who are different from them and take risks. at the end of the day, we want to see our students “get to the one” – the one who gets the job, the one who gets the raise, the one who lands the investor and the one who starts a business.




inspiring
as the top provider of talent in central florida, our goal is to connect our corporate partners and the business community with our talented students and distinguished faculty and to serve as the resource to network and grow your business.







business programs
the ucf college of business offers a variety of undergraduate and graduate business programs, all of which are accredited by aacsb international – the association to advance collegiate schools of business and the southern association of colleges and schools (sacs).
graduate programs

master of sport business management (msbm)
master of science in accounting
master of science in fintech
ph.d. in business administration
ms in management – integrated business
professional ms in management – human resources track
professional ms in real estate

ucf mba

evening mba
executive mba
professional mba – full-time
professional mba – part-time

minors & certificate programs

business of hip-hop innovation & creative industries – undergraduate certificate
entrepreneurship certificate
fintech – undergraduate certificate
undergraduate sport business minor: the minor that’s major

undergraduate programs

accounting
economics
finance
integrated business
management
marketing
real estate



 
				student information			


student experience
student ambassadors
undergraduate programs
professional selling program
graduate & mba programs
graduate admissions
office of professional development
scholarships
study abroad
thomas l. keon testing center
behavioral lab
bloomberg professional service












college of business

		university of central florida
college of business
12744 pegasus dr.
orlando, fl 32816	





like us on facebook





follow us on twitter





find us on instagram





view our linkedin page





follow us on youtube


















connect (407) 823-2185
general information /
office of professional development
(407) 235-3917
graduate business programs
(407) 823-2181
office of the dean

 
news


 



								ucf researchers receive $600k grant to develop intelligent assistive robotics							





 



								ucf launches bold faculty hiring initiative to meet growing demand for engineers, computer scientists							





 



								ucf physician shares abcs of keeping your heart healthy							




 



 
ucf college of business is aacsb accredited























































