



	the association for transpersonal psychology promoting a vision of the universe as sacred.

















association for transpersonal psychology
info@atpweb.org
donate to atp!















  
 


home page


about
  toggle dropdown 

about us
board of directors



resources
  toggle dropdown 

prof. member directory 
current newsletter 
atp reflections newsletter 
ahp/atp perspective newsletter 
schools and programs
media that matters
grof photo archive
                                
more resources page



news & events
  toggle dropdown 

events
news



journal (jtp)
  toggle dropdown 

about the journal of transpersonal psychology (jtp)
jtp content
jtp subscription information
jtp advertising rates
jtp archive - member login
order
                            the journal
journal of transpersonal research
                                



members only
  toggle dropdown 

member resources
member login



join/renew here

contact













 




 




about atp
find out what we're about


 



professional members directory
find a member here


 



join atp today
join today for a wealth of benefits


 











transpersonal news



events: atp forum – online. the next monthly forum is scheduled for february 8, 2025. the featured speaker will be dr. natasha tassell-matamua. the title of her talk is, "moving beyond: how indigenous perspectives are essential to advancing understanding of most things, including consciousness."



events: the 2025 eurotas international conference - this year's eurotas conference will be held in oaxaca, mexico! the dates are october 22 to 26, 2025. mark your calendar. more information will be posted soon.






quick links

help and member account changesprofessional directory atp/ahp perspective newslettergrof photo archivecalendarjournal of transpersonal psychology











facebook




about us
the association for transpersonal psychology (atp) is a membership supported international coordinating organization for scientific, social, and clinical transpersonal work that serves the world community. the association's mission is to promote eco-spiritual transformation through transpersonal inquiry and action. recognizing the reciprocity inherent between our actions and our world, the association is dedicated to encouraging and enhancing practices and perspectives that will lead to a conscious, sustainable, co-evolution of culture, nature, and society. read more >>


company address 


p.o. box 50187
              palo alto, ca 94303


 info@atpweb.org














© the association for transpersonal psychology

site design and development by sumner mckenzie, inc.



















