










bharat group








































 




scroll top




54, block b, sector 67 gautam bhudha nagar noida – 201301 uttar pradesh india+91 91 120 2484411contact@bharatgroup.com
 

























primary menu home
about us
our business

food & beverages

natural spices

basudev

line carton
straight spices
whole spices




instant noodles

happie noodles
funz noodles


agarbatti


retail
logistics automotive
it ites
apparels
projects & infraestate


csr
media
contact

get in touch
career


 














 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 















we help build a happie nation through our businesses






about us





bharat group is creating value for consumers and progress for india. we continue to do that with commitment and efficacy, year by year, customer by customer, and sector by sector. our growth is organic and multi-faceted, built on the founding principles of reliability and integrity.
for bharat group, it all began in 2003. the industry and its stakeholders took notice of us instantly, paving for a success story that continues to unfold to this day. we gradually diversified our service portfolio, venturing into new sectors, and touching lives and hearts of indians across all socio-economic scales. presently, we are one of the country’s top business houses with a thriving presence in sectors like retail, food and beverages, logistics, it and ites, infra estate and projects, and apparels and export. thanks to our growing capacity, capability and outreach, we are all set to reach the milestone of inr 30 billion in revenues by 2020 or earlier.






why choosing us





bharat group is all about innovation, integrity and team spirit. 






innovation





 we shall consistently create innovative ways to serve our customers more efficiently, reliably, and cost effectively.






team spirit





we shall work with a team spirit to achieve organizational objectives.





values-ethics





we are extremely proud that values & ethics are in our dna and practice in every part of our business lives






integrity





no legacy as powerful as honesty, and we shall uphold it in all undertakings.










reward & recognition





as an organization we practice reward & recognition programs to motivate our employees





quality





delighting customers tastebuds through exceptional quality in commodity






















our products







 basudev natural spices






happie noodles






basudev incense sticks






our group websites











latest news




















contact us






address:
bharat group
b -54, sector-67
noida-201301
gautam budhnagar
uttar pradesh
india






phone:
+91 7386 535353
+91 7386 808080
+91 7386 818181





email: contact@bharatgroup.com






follow us


















 


















2020 © bharat group ltd. 
site map | disclaimer | terms of use























