














briefcase blues - the original tribute band to the blues brothers










 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 









photo imagesvideo clips




jake blueselwood bluesband biography















 
 





















 
 

 


 
are you booking for the rest of 2024 - and 2025? so are we!information coming soon about our trip to chicago - and the documentary film about us, too!"the music is the mission" - no doubt about it!   the band has adopted that slogan for 2024 and beyond - especially being that on september 25th 2023 we celebrated 40 years of live performances, appearing for the first time ever at the famous live music venue poor david's pub in dallas. briefcase blues is the only tribute to "jake and elwood" that has been in existence since 1983.   performing the same great music for which the original "blues brothers" band was known - and additional songs that fit the show and consistently kick ass with audiences...that's what a real showband is all about! backed by a dedicated 8-piece band with a four-piece horn section, briefcase blues consistently delivers an authentically powerful, high-energy, knockout show for audiences of all types - true to the original act. from corporate events to public concerts and festivals, wherever and whenever the band has appeared, briefcase blues has been honored to work with a world-class line-up of first-rate musicians. when people go to see one of the band's shows, they will be treated to an audience-interactive performance with a big sound - an entertaining show band  that has been the original live tribute to the "brothers in the blues" for almost four decades. 
 briefcase blues  is a live experience unlike any other tribute band-after all, they are the original tribute band of their kind. have a look and a listen - if you like what you see and hear, give us a call or email us at jblues@ briefcaseblues.com
 

 

 
video and photo credits: nancy johnson, dean williams, dana williams, michael berns, patrick caster, joshua king, daniel driensky, john e. klare, jr., ryan theriot, ryan javier, john strange, mark bearden, miracle bennett, jon hohman, gilbert marinez, christian thornton, jeff smith, and marcus a. ruiz.
 
web design: russell sebastian  web updates:  mbe productions  marketing:  3di marketing 
 updated monday, october 14 2024

 
 
 
"briefcase blues" is a registered trademark of mbe productions. all materials and media on this website copyright © 2024 mbe productions. all rights reserved.
*** legal disclaimer ***



