















books
            by captain
            george burk (usaf-retired)



the bridge never crossed-a survivor's search for
                meaning

paperback: 188 pages
publisher: science & humanities press
          (january 1999)
language: english
isbn-10: 1888725168
isbn-13: 978-1888725162

 
"the bridge never crossed is the incredible
        story of
        george burk's survival of a tragic plane crash, the unlikely
        series of events
        that saved his life, and his inspirational refusal to die . . .
        george has
        spent the balance of his life sharing what he has learned about
        work,
        leadership, faith, and the true meaning of 'quality of life'. he
        believes that
        angels walk among us. i believe that george is one of them." joe
        howard,
        fire chief, rowlett, texas "[george burk's] determination and
        professionalism are examples for all of us to follow." a. m.
        gray,
        general, u. s. marine corps, commandant of the marine corps
        "what would
        happen if your life was a living hell? read this book. george
        burk has been to
        hell. sharing his experiences and putting into perspective the
        precious
        commodity called 'life'. george shows us that when there are two
        outs in the
        bottom of the ninth, the game is far from over." michael kazyak,
        dow
        corning, midland, michigan "thank you, george, for sharing your
        journey
        with us. you do make a difference in people's lives . . . i
        know, because
        you've made a difference in mine." helen l. campbell, executive
        director,
        state firemen's & fire marshals' association of texas
        "reading his
        book will rekindle your emotions, enhance your perspective, and
        very possibly
        change your life." buck riley, basketball coach, adrian college,
        adrian,
        michigan "i thought i was going to be writing about a plane
        crash victim
        who had survived. instead, i wrote about a survivor who had
        triumphed . . .
        burk survived by reaching deep inside himself to a place he
        never knew existed
        and finding an energy he never knew he had. it is a place he has
        tapped many
        times since the crash. with characteristic courage, enthusiasm,
        and compassion,
        burk shares his story, so that we may find our special place,
        too."
        deborah weisberg, reporter, pittsburgh post-gazette
 
 
 
laugh you live, cry you
                die: the sequel to the
                bridge never crossed-a survivor's search for meaning; a
                burn survivor's triumph
                over tragedy
· 
          paperback:
          172 pages 
· 
          publisher: science & humanities press
          (september 14, 2011) 
· 
          language: english 
· 
          isbn-10: 159630068x 
· 
          isbn-13:
          978-1596300682
"this poignant yet hopeful sequel to captain
        george
        burk's "the bridge never crossed – a survivor's search for
        meaning"
        is impressive for its candor and detail of suffering. much of
        the
        stream-of-consciousness text is reminiscent of james joyce's
        writing. his story
        can inspire hope for critically burned patients and teach
        empathy and
        understanding for physicians, nurses, and care givers." david r.
        sanderson, m.d. scottsdale, arizona "george burk…draws the
        reader into the
        emotional and physical hell of a "crispy critter." refusing to
        "cross the bridge to the other side," he chooses the rugged road
        to
        recovery. as his companion…readers share his suffering,
        developing an
        appreciation of true adversity… the courage and the perseverance
        to overcome
        it. burk has become an inspirational messenger to audiences
        nationwide."
        thomas w. newsome, m.d. dallas, texas "read this book! leaders
        are all
        about survival…to forge ahead in spite of incredible odds.
        deeply imbedded
        determination and uncommon strength has driven george to unusual
        heights in his
        life. he is an inspiration to all of us. i’ve known this
        inspirational man for
        decades. his life’s an example for us to follow and this
        wonderful book can
        change the reader in so many positive ways it begs a second
        reading." les
        griffin, griffin advisors, westwood, kansas "if you want to
        understand
        strength of character, share the life of george burk. he has
        spoken to our
        future naval leaders over the past several years at the us naval
        academy with
        his story of strength, perseverance and courage. he eloquently
        summarizes
        leadership – "leadership is not what to do, leadership is what
        to
        be." i am humbled at each opportunity to listen and talk with
        him as i
        know not if my strength of character would carry me along his
        same path. he is
        a beacon on which to guide our lives." captain james a.
        campbell, usn
        (ret), annapolis, maryland "captain george burk epitomizes the
        phrase
        "been there, done that" with regard to overcoming personal
        catastrophe. he’s a leader…and shares the wisdom learned through
        a multitude of
        challenges in an inspiring way. readers are captivated by his
        prose…you don’t
        want to put this book down because you want to see how he’ll
        tackle the next
        obstacle. our country needs more leaders like captain george
        burk!" joseph
        j. leonard, jr., lieutenant commander, us coast guard, houston,
        texas "life
        isn't always fair, but we must always deal with the cards one is
        dealt…captain
        george burk’s will to survive…with the efforts of many who
        choose careers to
        "make a difference," are a testament to the power of the mind,
        teamwork and one's faith…!" gregory noll, south central task
        force,
        lancaster, pennsylvania
 
value-centered
                leadership: a survivor's strategy for personal and
                professional growth
 

paperback: 124 pages
publisher: heuristic books (january 1, 2004)
language: english
isbn-10: 1888725591
isbn-13: 978-1888725599

 
change will happen. if you don't do what it
        takes to manage
        change, then change will manage you. who should buy this book?
        "this book
        should be required reading in every management 101 course. an
        easy read that
        gets right to the point. this is definitely one stop shopping
        for developing
        your personal, business and professional relationships." michael
        kazyak,
        dow corning security director, midland, michigan 'george burk is
        ...the
        personification of courage and tenacity that stands tall in your
        memory, and
        can linger a lifetime. george burk...possesses a special gift.
        he inspires
        greatness through one's own efforts.... he truly understands the
        concept of
        what a leader really is, and there are precious few like him
        among us
        today." thomas p. morrissey, chief deputy u.s. marshal
        (retired), phoenix,
        arizona "not only are his thoughts a must for the work place,
        they also
        have a distinct relevance to our personal lives. the only thing
        better than
        reading captain burk's articles is to be able to hear him in
        person."
        helen johnson, executive director, state firemen's & fire
        marshals'
        association of texas, austin, texas "this book is filled with
        concepts
        that will improve a business.... managers will be better
        managers, employees
        will be more fulfilled, and the net result will be a better
        bottom line."
        deborah adams, cpa, adams, kvittem-barr & assoc. cpas, llp,
        scottsdale/carefree, arizona "george burk brings...a unique
        perspective....he offers insightful advice, enriched by humor,
        that many will
        enjoy and benefit from." stanley caine, president, adrian
        college, adrian
        michigan
 
 
 
 
my mother--my friend: the
                story of a boy and the
                love of his mother: a memoir 
· 
          paperback: 478 pages 
· 
          publisher: science & humanities press
          (january 1, 2006) 
· 
          language: english 
· 
          isbn-10: 1888725095 
· 
          isbn-13:
          978-1888725094
 
  my
        mother--- my friend is, above all a universal story of a
        mother's love for her
        only son and her son's desire and determination to make his
        mother proud.
 
 
about the author
who is george burk? in 1998, captain george burk's usaf (ret.)
        story of his
        experience as a plane crash and burn survivor, the bridge never
        crossed–a
        survivor’s search for meaning, generated an outburst of praise
        from everyone
        who read it. on may 4, 1970, george was the sole survivor of 14
        air force
        personnel in a military plane crash. he suffered extensive
        burns, and multiple
        internal injuries. this motivational speaker and author returns
        with an-other
        book presenting many of the lessons and principles of life
        learned as a
        survivor and “overcomer.” george burk is a highly decorated
        military officer
        and public servant who presently resides in scottsdale, arizona.
        he is a
        nationally recognized motivational speaker, trainer and writer
        whose mission is
        to “entertain, inform, inspire and persuade.” as a plane crash
        and burn
        survivor, george burk shares with you his experiences,
        principles, and values
        you can use on your journey; they are valid and work because
        george uses them
        in his own life. whether you are a professional immersed in a
        search for
        organizational change, excellence, and quality improvement, or
        an individual
        looking for ways to improve your personal life, you will find
        invaluable
        information in captain burk's writings and speeches. in a
        refreshingly straightforward
        and sometimes humorous style, george burk shares his unique
        insights and
        perspectives into effective leadership, meaningful change, core
        values, and
        what it takes to be an effective leader. he offers the
        suggestion, based on his
        unique experiences, that for any change to be effective, it must
        be sequential,
        that is inside out—not outside in. george writes that life is
        filled with joy
        and adversity. it is adversity which is part of life’s test,
        which makes us
        stronger. these adversities include obstacles, challenges and
        sufferings. he
        shares with you the idea that failure is not falling down, but
        staying down.
        the reader will learn the importance of a positive attitude, and
        how honesty,
        integrity and the deeply embedded desire to live play in a
        person's journey
        through life. captain george burk p.o. box 6392 scottsdale az
        85261-6392
        1-800-769-8568 website:http://www.georgeburk.com
        email:gburk@georgeburk.com 
 
https://georgeburk.com/index.html
https://www.youtube.com/profile?user=georgeburk1
dr.
bud
        banis
science & humanities press
saint charles mo 63301
 



