


five year clear









temporarily 
    discontinued due to the state of the economy until further notice !!! 12/14/2009
smith & 
    co. now offers what we believe to be the best traditional marine spar varnish 
    available, epifanes gloss: a suitable product to use when the five year clear 
    is not available. we tested it and other varnishes in our laboratory under 
    high-intensity ultraviolet light. epifanes varnish held its gloss the best 
    and lasted the longest. skeptical?
to learn more, please 
    visit using clear 
    penetrating epoxy sealer (also known as cpes as well as multiwoodprime) as 
    a primer for paint or varnish.
to place your order, 
    visit smith & co.'s web 
    site, scroll down until you see the words, varnish kits. choose the appropriate 
    kit and send in your check, our contact information is located below the list 
    of kits. go now!

 
the modern replacement for varnish


 



      pictures 
    simply cannot come close to showing you it's "wet-look" high-gloss 
    appearance. that's why there aren't any pictures. just imagine the highest-gloss 
    finish you've ever seen.
     it's 
    better than that, much better.
     
    five year clear is a spectactular exterior finish for any door, window or 
    other building components, as well as your boat. 
     
    our customers routinely tell us our five year clear  polyurethane 
    still looks like the day they did it, even five years later and some longer 
    than that.
    here's 
    a few testimonials 
    from our customers.
      the 
    people who publish the practical sailor and powerboat reports started testing this 
    product on some panels on their roof in 1996 ... get a copy of the march 2000 
    issue and see what they say.
      we 
    have been making this stuff for almost twenty years now ... and we only sell 
    it factory direct to the actual user.  it is so expensive to make that 
    it can't be sold through a wholesale/retail distribution system, and besides, 
    we like to talk to our customers after they have read the instructions and 
    before they use the product. 

    here's a recent article 
    about five-year clear. 
you can use this exterior 
    finish on oak, teak, mahogany and all these other woods.

"megayacht 
    special"
application-kits of various sizes, with accessories. priced delivered within 
    the 48 contiguous united states. available through your yacht-provisioner 
    or factory direct. as seen in the 
    yacht report and dockwalk. 
  inquire for details; our additional web pages are under construction and 
    will be up soon. 
  email now
please include name, physical address, phone, fax and how many square feet 
    of wood you wish to finish bright. 
  
points of interest: 

due to an exceptional overload of spam 
      in the internet in recent months, please call our 800 number for a prompt 
      response. incoming and outgoing email is bouncing like a rubber ball on 
      a regular basis and cannot be trusted. if you do choose to email us, please 
      include your phone number so we can call you back. thank you! 1-800-234-0330 
      (novemter 2006)
request for literature 
        (please include physical address). 


clear coatings - what the architect needs 
        to know.


specification


useful links 



 you may order this system from::

smith & co.
    5100 channel avenue 
    richmond, ca 94804
    1-800-234-0330
    (fax) 510-232-9921
one of the secrets to the fantastic performance of this product is the clear 
    penetrating epoxy sealer™, which makes any coating stick better and 
    last longer. go ask ccabc, grand 
    banks forum or the 
    wooden boat forum if anyone has used our clear penetrating epoxy sealer 
    as a primer for our (or any) finish.
 page last updated may 2009
copyright & trademark 
    info 













 






 


