















home | physiology
















      skip to main content
    

















search

search






 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 


















 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


research

overview
research programs
research areas
research news



faculty

overview
directory
tenure track faculty
teaching track faculty
research track faculty
joint appointment & affiliated faculty
emeritus & retired faculty



undergraduate students

prospective students
undergraduate program



graduate students and postdocs

overview
graduate programs
graduate courses
nih training grants
postdoctoral research



alumni

overview
alumni stories
alumni involvement
donate
history



about

leadership
directory
physiology business office
seminars & events
news
join our team
contact us
























home










 






welcome to the department of physiology at the university of arizona! 
nestled in the heart of the vibrant tucson community, our department stands at the forefront of groundbreaking discoveries and innovative teaching methods that shape the future of healthcare and biomedical sciences. 
whether you are a student, a researcher, or a visitor, please explore our website and join us on a journey of discovery, learning, and innovation as we continue to push the boundaries of knowledge in physiology.
welcome, and enjoy your exploration!

















explore all positions and shape the future of physiology with us.
join our team and contribute to advancing the field of physiology!
apply now!











 








news

brian pearse earns a pair of advising awardscongratulations to brian pearse, who was recently awarded the excellence in advising – new advisor by the university of arizona advising resource center, and the nacada region 10 excellence in advising – new advisor. read more about the awards.
fresh headlines










publication highlights

social status as a latent variable in the amygdala of observers of social interactionsthird-party viewers of pairwise dominant-subordinate interactions infer social status from the observed behaviors. neurons in the amygdala are tuned to the inferred dominant/subordinate status of the observed individuals. read more in neuron
more publication highlights










major grants

dr. hay earns grant to develop new therapeutics for vascular dementiathe national institute on aging, an institute within the national institutes of health, recently awarded meredith hay, phd, professor of physiology at the university of arizona college of medicine – tucson, a four-year, $8,817,641 grant to continue her team’s work on developing new therapeutics to treat vascular dementia, which is the second-most common type of dementia and accounts for 17% to 30% of all cases of dementia according to alzheimer’s disease international.  read more about the grant.
grant highlights






 








awards

drs. eggers and rankin named women of impacterika eggers, phd, associate department head for research and professor of physiology, and lucinda (cindy) rankin, phd, associate professor and director of the physiology honors academy, were both recognized as women of impact by uahs and rii. read more about this honor.
award winners










research spotlight

how do we breathe?the fregosi laboratory studies how the motor neurons that control the muscles of the breathing develop, and how perinatal exposure to neurotoxins alters their normal development.  read more.
discover research










student & alumni highlights

alumni q&a: dr. mandy agbannawagrecently, the department of physiology caught up with mandy agbannawag, pt, dpt, for a q&a. dr. agbannawag is a 2015 alumna of the university of arizona department of physiology who went on to earn her doctorate in physical therapy from northern arizona university in 2018. read more about dr. agbannawag.
student & alumni highlights
















explore all positions and shape the future of physiology with us
join our team and contribute to advancing the field of physiology!
apply now!











 








undergraduate program

explore the wonders of the human body and its intricate functions with our highly-regarded physiology & medical sciences program at the university of arizona! learn about our curriculum and how you can customize your degree to prepare for your unique career and professional school goals.
learn more










graduate programs

unlock your potential and become a trailblazer in your field with the university of arizona's graduate program. at the university of arizona, physiologists are at the frontier of biomedical research. our discoveries and techniques rapidly translate into clinical breakthroughs to treat and cure human diseases. 
unlock your potential 






 








faculty

where expertise meets inspiration: our diverse and accomplished faculty at the university of arizona are shaping minds and advancing knowledge to build a brighter future for all.
directory listing










alumni

proud alumni, powerful legacy: the university of arizona's graduates are leaders, innovators, and change-makers, driving positive impact worldwide.
alumni network










seminars & events

the university of arizona's college of medicine-tucson department of physiology presents the seminars in translational and advanced research (star) series, hosting dr. bina joe from the university of toledo.the seminar will be held in-person on friday, february 21, 2025 at 11:00 am in ahsc 8403. the lecture will also be available via zoom.learn more
all events
















support physiology at the ua!
funds from private philanthropy and government and institutional grants support the department of physiology at the university of arizona. while every source of funding is important, private philanthropic support is especially vital to the success of the department's research and teaching efforts. 
make a gift!

















find an archive of all editions of the department of physiology semi-annual newsletter


































footer - main


employment


emergency information


title ix / non-discrimination


campus safety


annual security report


copyright


campus accessibility


contact us


feedback
















information for


future students


current students


faculty & staff


alumni & donors


parents & visitors


corporations & businesses




topics


about the university


academics


arts & museums


athletics & recreation


campus store


colleges, schools, departments


diversity


environment & sustainability


international engagement


health & medical


libraries


research & innovation


purpose, mission & values




resources


directory


calendars


campus map


news


phonebook


weather




connect


facebook


x, formerly twitter


instagram


linkedin


youtube







we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














