







uconn school of business | school of business


uconn school of business | school of business





















































































 















 skip to navigation skip to uconn search skip to content 
our websites may use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this collection. for more information, please see our university websites privacy notice.








uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                university of connecticut                            





search university of connecticut

search uconn







a to z index

uconn a to z index







site a-z




uconn a-z






















school of business







about

about the schoolabout the school
fast facts
rankings: uconn school of business top-ranked by us news
accreditation
campusesstorrs campus
hartford campus
hartford campus – graduate
waterbury campus
stamford campus
news & eventspressroom
events
featured stories
research
contactoffice of the dean
general directory
faculty directory
staff directory

programs

undergraduate degreeadvising
majors
minors
scholarships
accelerated undergraduate-to-graduate programs
graduate programsall graduate business programs
ph.d. in business
graduate certificates
stem designated programs
mba programsmba programs home page
compare our mba programs
flex mba
online mba
executive mba (emba)
specialized mastersms in accounting
ms in business analytics & project management
ms in financial and enterprise risk management
ms in financial technology (fintech)
ms in human resource management
ms in social responsibility & impact in business
accelerated master’s degree programs
professional developmentoverview
executive education
connecticut information technology institute
digital frontiers initiative

faculty & research

overviewfaculty
research
research stories
job openings
academic areasacademic departments
accounting
finance

health care
real estate


management & entrepreneurship
marketing

business law


operations & information management
faculty & ph.d.sfaculty directory
ph.d. students directory
accounting directory
business law directory
finance directory
healthcare directory
management directory
marketing directory
real estate directory
operations and information management directory
research centerscenter for real estate & urban economic studies
connecticut center for economic analysis
connecticut center for entrepreneurship and innovation
connecticut information technology institute
daigle labs
digital frontiers initiative
ge global learning center

engagement & outreach

recruitundergraduates
graduates
alumni
centers, institutes, & initiativescareer development office
connecticut center for economic analysis
connecticut center for entrepreneurship & innovation
connecticut information technology institute
connecticut small business development center
daigle labs
digital frontiers initiative
diversity initiatives
family business program
global business programs
research centers
experiential learningentrepreneurship bootcamp for veterans with disabilities
innovation quest
international trips
student managed fund
contactoffice of engagement & outreach

search

a-z index
faculty directory
general directory
search this sitesearch in https://www.business.uconn.edu/>search
 
















your safety is our business



uconn vaccination status



campus
% of students fully or partially vaccinated


hartford
99%


stamford
93%


storrs
99%


waterbury
92%



total % of fully or partially vaccinated faculty and staff across all campuses: 97%
data as of 05/06/2022
source: uconn covid-19 dashboard

 







 
‘equity now’ speaker to address immigration law, policies under trump administration 



 
u.s. news & world report ranks uconn’s graduate business programs among the best online 



 
uconn online grad programs lauded for quality, value for veterans 



 
innovation quest turns students into entrepreneurs 



 
alum hayley segar wows ‘shark tank’ judges, lands a deal with two of them 



 
on a mission 



 
swimsuit entrepreneur, uconn alum hayley segar to appear on ‘shark tank’ 



 
three business students attend top international climate conference: a once-in-a-lifetime experience 



 
uconn online mba program debuts highly in new national ranking 



 
school of business to launch ms in supply chain management 

 


 






recent news 


‘equity now’ speaker to address immigration law, policies under trump administration




uconn online grad programs lauded for quality, value for veterans




u.s. news & world report ranks uconn’s graduate business programs among the best online




innovation quest turns students into entrepreneurs




alum hayley segar wows ‘shark tank’ judges, lands a deal with two of them



all news »
upcoming events 

2/17

                                             ccei summer fellowship accelerator application deadline                                         






×


 ccei summer fellowship accelerator application deadline 




                                                        monday, february 17th, 2025                                                    

                                                        all day                                                    





 



   applications for the 10th cohort of ccei’s summer fellowship accelerator close at 11:59pm on february 17, 2025.   the summer fellowship accelerator is an 8-week startup accelerator open to uconn students, faculty, staff and alumni. the top ten startups from uconn are selected to participate and in turn receive:      $15,000 in non dilutive funding ($5,000 of which can be used to pay yourself to work for your business for the summer)          pro-bono legal, accounting, branding, banking and product development services          workshops and masterclasses led by founders and industry experts          one-on-one mentorship          collaborative cohort environment          networking and next step opportunities          eligibility to advance to the wolff new venture competition for the chance to win over $115k in funding.      this program takes place three days a week over eight weeks, where participants develop the skills needed to bring new products, services, and technologies to market. each team receives one-on-one coaching and mentorship from industry experts and experienced entrepreneurs. teams are provided with pro bono legal, accounting, branding, banking and product development services to help with initial business setup and support.  teams pursuing high-potential ventures who have formed through participation in other uconn entrepreneurship programs are encouraged to learn more below.  startups that have participated in the summer fellowship accelerator have gone on to make deals on shark tank, be named to forbes 30 under 30, be accepted to techstars, be named activate fellows, raise $75 million series b funding rounds, sell their product to mlb teams and more.  apply and learn more here: https://ccei.uconn.edu/programs/summer-accelerator/   if you have questions or would like to meet with the program manager, you can schedule a meeting here: book time with chrosniak, alycia 


contact information:    alycia chrosniak, alycia.chrosniak@uconn.edu 

more








2/18

                                             canceled: weekly stem virtual office hour                                         






×


 canceled: weekly stem virtual office hour 




                                                        tuesday, february 18th, 2025                                                    

                                                        09:00 am - 09:30 am                                                    





 



   science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (stem) fields are essential to u.s. economic competitiveness and growth. stem-designated programs drive innovation and advancement, widening career prospects and strengthening the world economy. those studying stem develop a valuable quantitative and analytical skill set, elevating one’s candidacy for well-paying, high-tech jobs.  as you think critically about your next steps in higher education, join the uconn school of business to learn more about the three stem-designated specialized master’s programs: ms in business analytics & project management (bapm), ms in financial risk management (frm) and ms in financial technology (fintech). this session will provide you with key information about the benefits of a stem-designation and give you the opportunity to interact with program administrative and career staff. 


contact information:    jia_jia.chen@uconn.edu 

more








2/19

                                             headshots walk-in business career development office                                         






×


 headshots walk-in business career development office 




                                                        wednesday, february 19th, 2025                                                    

                                                        03:00 pm - 04:30 pm                                                    


                                                         business career development office                                                     






   drop-in to the business career development office for a headshot.  most wednesdays during the regular semester  no appointment necessary  email recruit@business.uconn.edu with any questions  .  we will use your smartphone with our professional back drop. wear business attire from the waist up.  


contact information:    recruit@business.uconn.edu 

more








2/19

                                             fireside chat with alum dan toscano ’87                                         






×


 fireside chat with alum dan toscano ’87 




                                                        wednesday, february 19th, 2025                                                    

                                                        05:30 pm - 07:30 pm                                                    


                                                         uconn stamford                                                     


 



   join katherine pancak, academic director, stamford campus business programs, as she hosts a fireside chat with dan toscano ’87 - managing director, global leveraged finance, morgan stanley, and chairman, uconn board of trustees. the conversation will be centered around dan’s career since graduating from uconn, why he chose the paths he did, lessons learned, and advice for students and young alums.  light hors d’oeuvres will be served.  please rsvp by february 18th, 2025.  to register click here.  


contact information:      if you require a special accommodation to participate in this event or have questions, please contact alex zabaneh at aleksan.zabaneh@uconn.edu.   

more








2/19

                                             meet with an hrm admission officer                                         






×


 meet with an hrm admission officer 




                                                        wednesday, february 19th, 2025                                                    

                                                        06:00 pm - 06:45 pm                                                    





 



   securing a meeting with a graduate admissions officer can be instrumental in your fact finding mission! get real time information about your program of choice, life as a graduate student, and the benefits of adding uconn to your resume. most programs receive a high volume of applicants, so a personal conversation can make your application stand out. join us and make the most of your application experience! 


contact information:    jessica.baker@uconn.edu 

more






all events » 





related content


recruiters
alumni
make a gift




pressroom
faculty/staff resources
student resources



facebookinstagramlinkedintwitteryoutube  

 



							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


accessibility


webmaster login

student consumer information
a-z index
general directory























































