






porta products | hydraulic transom bracket























































 
 





















porta bracket

fishing
racing
industrial/commercial


other products

porta pod
swim platform


parts
get a quote
news
support
contact



0 items
















build time 



 
















going where no engine has gone before…

the porta hydraulic transom bracket

moving more horsepower more distance with the strongest hydraulic transom lift in the industry



























straight up, and straight down

allowing boaters more access to shallow water and unparalleled navigability.

the porta hydraulic transom bracket goes where no engine bracket has gone before. straight up and straight down. it lifts from one to five outboard motors…effortlessly…hydraulically. what makes it unique is that it lifts the motors vertically, up to 22″, with setbacks of 17″-21″-26″. this allows boaters more access to shallow water and unparalleled navigability. the porta bracket also allows the gearcase to be raised above the bottom of the boat without tilting, allows the propulsion line to remain parallel with the direction of the boat, and eliminates the need for lower unit anti-fouling paint. the porta bracket is constructed of rugged aircraft aluminum. it features one hydraulic cylinder per outboard, each with 5,000 lbs of lift. it’s like having a setback bracket and an extreme jackplate in one dependable product with 3 times the vertical range of anything else out there.











multiple applications

from fishing to commercial and even racing, our transom bracket is designed to work flawlessly in any scenario.







fishing series

looking to access shallow water? our fishing series is for you. what makes it unique is that it lifts the motors vertically, up to 22″, with setbacks of 17″,21″, or 26″. this allows boaters more access to shallow water and unparalleled navigability.

more information





commercial series

our commercial series gives you all the benefits of our fishing series with the added benefit of strength. this bracket is as heavy duty as it comes with two hydraulic cylinders per engine. which provides up to 10,000 lbs of lift. powerful enough to carry up to 600 hp.

more information





racing series

the racing series is designed for the 100 mph+ applications that require a rock solid mount for your high hp motor(s). the setback range is 8″, 10″ & 12″, providing 2 1/4″ to 6 1/2″ of vertical travel respectively. this specifically designed to improve handling and top speed.

more information







 porta products4.9powered by googlereview us oneric goodwin10:05 27 aug 24wow,,i,m impressed ,,placed an order for a pump assembly on friday morning for my porta bracket  , and received it saturday afternoon , no overnight, just regular shipping ,i am in fort myers i installed it on sunday  and the porta bracket works great again  ,,back on the water ...woo hoo... thanks porta productstodd dutro20:59 13 nov 23we run a tackle shop and charter business out of bonita springs. 2 of our 3 boats have a porta bracket which we love - when one pump (manufactured by parker) stopped working, haley was able to help us trouble shoot the pump and send out a replacement the next business day. it was also a holiday when she checked the company voicemail/email and realized it was an emergency and took the time out of her day off to call and take care of us. highly recommend the product and the customer service is a+.ed kinkopf16:28 23 aug 22i've had a porta bracket on my 1970 22'2 aquasport flatback for 5 years now and haven't had one problem with it. the bracket has truly transformed my boat into a shallow water inshore fishing machine!!  and porta products customer service is incredible! i had a hydraulic line spring a leak on the first day of my keys vacation.... i called porta products on friday at 3:00 pm and talked with haley.... she had a new hose to me by 10:00 am saturday!!! now that's great customer service!!! thanks scott and haley!!!parts16:29 22 feb 22dale matthes22:40 18 feb 22haley was very helpful getting me the information i requested. she was great at returning my calls, that’s rare in todays business environment. scott the owner spent close to an hour with me measuring my boat as it wasn’t a standard installation. i’m looking forward to getting my new jack plate, i think it’s going to cure the maneuvering problems i have with my boat.jason m00:40 01 nov 21incredible customer service and such a great group of people.  helped me trouble shoot my issue, placed my order for my part, they built the hoses in 1 day, shipped them out the same day and i had them the next.  the parts were easily installed and the bleeding of the system was fast and easy per the port bracket teams instructions.. thank you!!!! 



 














porta products corporation1601 tionia rd.new smyrna beach, fl 32168



portaproducts@aol.com
sales@portaproducts.com



386.428.7417
386.428.7656
386.426.6298 (fax)







© 2023 porta products corporation. all rights reserved.



followfollowfollowfollow



 



























