








xml editor, json editor, code generator, data integration and web services toolkit
























 sales@liquid-technologies.com
0 shopping cart
 

 sign in / register

sign in
register

forgot password













  










products 

liquid studioxml editor, xsd editor, json editorand web services toolkit

liquid data mapperdata transform tool forxml, json, excel, databases

liquid xml data binderxml code generator forc++, java, vb6

liquid xml objectsxml code generator forc#, visual basic .net


pricing
download
support

company 

customers
partners
about us
contact us

















home
products
pricing
download
support
contact us
manage account





















liquid studio

editors

json editor
json schema editor
wsdl editor
xml editor
xml schema editor
xquery editor
xslt editor

data mapper

graphical data mapper
database data mapper
edi data mapper
json data mapper
text file data mapper
xml data mapper
web services data mapper

xml schema tools

graphical xml schema editor
create xml sample for xsd
create xsd from xml sample
html documentation for xsd
xsd dependency viewer

web service tools

graphical wsdl editor
web service test client

xml data transform

graphical data mapper
xslt debugger
xquery debugger
xpath tools

json tools

graphical json editor
graphical json schema editor
compare json files
json data from json schema
json schema from json docs

xml tools

graphical xml editor
visual studio extensions
compare xml files
xml navigation aids
xml schema refactoring
xml spell checker



xml data binder

xml code generator

c++
c# .net
java
visual basic 6
visual basic .net













welcome to liquid technologies
intuitive productivity software for xml, json, data integration and web services



coming soon liquid studio 21, see what's new...
liquid studio 21 will be a free upgrade for all new purchases and users with an active support plan.







 liquid studio
xml editor, xsd editor, json schema editor, data conversion and web service tools
design, validate, test and convert xml and json data complying with the w3c standards using the best xml and json integrated development environment available...












 tell me more
 tutorials


 download
 buy now

















 liquid data mapper
graphical data transformation tool for xml, json, excel, databases, web services and more
extract, transform, load (etl) - convert, integrate, map and transform your data between multiple data sources and targets with our easy to use drag and drop data transformation tool, without writing a single line of code...





 download
 buy now


 tell me more
 tutorials










 liquid xml objects
code generator for serializing xml in c# and visual basic .net
read, parse, modify and write xml documents using a strongly typed object model within your source code via an intuitive wizard, command line or directly within microsoft visual studio...












 tell me more
 tutorials


 download
 buy now

















 liquid xml data binder
code generator for serializing xml in c++, java, and vb6 (com)
read, parse, modify and write xml documents using a strongly typed object model within your source code via an intuitive wizard or command line...





 download
 buy now


 tell me more
 tutorials









 liquid studio
xml editor, xsd editor, json schema editor, data conversion and web service tools. design, validate, test and convert xml and json data complying with the w3c standards using the best xml and json integrated development environment available.
 liquid data mapper
graphical data transformation tool for xml, json, excel, databases, web services and more. convert, integrate, map and transform your data between multiple data sources and targets with our easy to use drag and drop data transformation tool.



 liquid xml objects
code generator for serializing xml in c# and visual basic .net. read, parse, modify and write xml documents using a strongly typed object model within your source code via an intuitive wizard, command line or directly within microsoft visual studio.
 liquid xml data binder
code generator for serializing xml in c++, java, and vb6. read, parse, modify and write xml documents using a strongly typed object model within your source code via an intuitive wizard or command line.





quickly learn how to use our software with online tutorial videos









view tutorial
                            





xml ide overview
a quick introduction to the liquid studio ide, including xml schema editing, xml editing and xpath tools.










view tutorial
                            





convert xml to json
create a data transform to convert an xml document into a json document using liquid data mapper.










view tutorial
                            





xml schema to c++
generate c++ from your xsd to read and write xml via a strongly typed api using liquid xml data binder.










view tutorial
                            





xml schema to c#
generate c# from your xsd to read and write xml via a strongly typed api using liquid xml objects.





more tutorial videos...





some of our satisfied customers


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






                        "when working with xsd files, liquid data binder is an excellent tool that significantly reduces time and effort."
                    
werner hess
techres gmbh





                        "one of the best support services i have experienced in the last 15 years."
                    
karl dörig
abb







                        "i was pleased about your excellent service. despite i only evaluate your product, i got a very fast response to my questions. i was positively surprised that data mapper product even for large files performing very well, when transforming json to xml."
                    
gunnar quack
landbrugsstyrelsen





                        "i use the graphical xsd editor for creating and maintaining xml schemas that are part of international iec and iso standards. it has been exceptional tool for easily maintaining the schemas and creating graphical representations that help me intuitively explain the data structures and changes to other members of the committee who may not be xml experts."
                    
 
 







                covering all sectors from banking and retail to government and defence, we have a proven track record providing software solutions to help teams like yours deliver projects on time and within budget.
                learn more about what our customers have to say...

why not contact us to find out how we can help you and your development team?





        try liquid xml free and see how we can help you today 
 free download
        





why liquid technologies?



trusted by industry
our products are used by thousands of organizations around the globe, including many fortune 500 & ftse 100 companies.





comprehensive documentation and support
we help you all the way from pre-sales inquiries through to end user technical support.






high quality products
we provide a consistently high level of software with regular product updates.





innovative solutions
xml data binder was the first wizard driven xml data binding tool and the only one to support c++, c#, java, visual basic .net & vb6.







competitively priced
our products are priced to offer good value in the software tools market.





well established
our company has been providing software solutions to a growing user base since 2001.






pro-active to user requirements
we actively listen to our customers and provide new features and product updates to satisfy their requirements.





extensive set of tools and features
liquid studio provides a comprehensive toolkit for xml, json and web service development.








xml software - json software - data transformation - web services
liquid technologies is a world leader in producing xml software, json software and data transformation productivity tools for designing, developing and testing xml and json applications complying with the w3c standards and json schema standards.


xml ide - json ide
liquid studio is the best xml and json development environment on windows for developing and testing xml and json related technology.
it includes light and dark themes as you would expect from a modern development tool, and has a highly configurable windows layout with the ability to have dockable, floating or auto-hiding views, along with customizable toolbars.
the ide supports the creation of projects to group your files together, this can link directly to source control products such as git, svn or microsoft team foundation version control.
very large files (4gb+) are easily handled by using the integrated large file editor.
it provides a powerful find in files tool to search through files at project level or anywhere on your local pc.
the text editors check spellings in real-time using an intelligent xml aware spell checker, underlining errors in the editor and providing suggestions via a right-click menu.
navigation points are automatically created so you can easily move back and forth between all of the open documents, and multi-step undo/redo is also provided in the text editors and graphical views.
you can view the ide in full screen mode, and also preview documents in the advanced print preview, so you can set the print options correctly before printing.
microsoft visual studio extensions are also provided for seamless integration into the familiar visual studio environment.





xml schema designer
visualize, model and edit graphical and text representations of your xml schema (xsd) in the split view editor. changes made in the design view are instantly reflected in the code view.
graphical modelling support is provided in the xml schema editor for both the xsd 1.0 and xsd 1.1 w3c standards.
you can validate your xml schema with either the microsoft .net (xsd 1.0) or xerces (xsd 1.0 and xsd 1.1) w3c compliant validators.
an xml schema documentation generator is also provided, enabling the generation of documentation as either a pdf document or a fully interactive html or asp.net web site using the xml schema documentation tool.
xml schema refactoring tools help you to globally rename items and convert types, elements and attributes.
xml navigation aids are included to help you to move around complex xml schema, including the document outline view, breadcrumb bar and global component locator.
hierarchies and inter dependencies of related xml schema can be viewed using the dependency viewer and item usage can be quickly found using the find references tool.
wizard driven tools add the ability to quickly perform tasks such as the ability to generate sample xml documents from an xml schema, convert an xml schema to a json schema, and add imports/includes an xml schemas.
text based editors are provided for dtd schema, relaxng, schematron and xdr.





xml and json tools
liquid studio provides many time saving productivity tools:

web service test client makes it quick and easy to make test rest or soap calls to a web service with xml or json data.
xml comparison is a tool which enables you to quickly compare xml files using an algorithm to highlight xml specific file differences.
xml schema generator creates an xml schema (xsd) from multiple sample xml documents.
xml sample generator creates sample xml documents from an xml schema (xsd).
xpath expression builder is a tool which enables you to construct and view the results of an xpath query for a file open in an xml editor view.
json comparison is a tool which enables you to quickly compare json files using an algorithm to highlight json specific file differences.
json schema generator creates a json schema from multiple sample json documents.
json sample generator creates sample json documents from a json schema.







json schema designer
visualize, model and edit graphical and text representations of your json schema in the split view editor. changes made in the design view are instantly reflected in the code view.
graphical modelling support is provided for all json schema standards.
you can validate your json schema with the industry standard json.net schema from newtonsoft.
a json schema documentation generator is also provided, enabling the generation of documentation as either a pdf document or a fully interactive html or asp.net web site using the json schema documentation tool.
wizard driven tools add the ability to quickly perform tasks such as the ability to generate sample json documents from a json schema and convert a json schema to a xml schema.





data mapping tool
extract, transform, load (etl) - liquid data mapper is a powerful data mapping tool that enables you to integrate, map and transform your data between multiple data sources and targets. it is ideal for integrating with legacy systems.
the graphical display and simple drag and drop interface enables you to quickly map data of different types.
the data mapper supports mapping simple text and csv, csv files, databases, edi data, json data, text files, web services and xml data.
you can execute the data transform with liquid studio, generate a command line executable, generate c# source code for use within your own application, or generate xslt.
the data mapper includes a step through debugger with breakpoints, stack trace, state and variable watch windows. making it simple to debug the transform and find any mapping issues.





data conversion tools
liquid studio provides easy to use conversion tools to perform the following common data conversion tasks:

convert dtd to xsd
convert fast infoset to xml
convert json to xml
convert json to yaml
convert json schema to xsd
convert xml to fast infoset
convert xml to json
convert xsd to json schema
infer json schema from json
infer xsd from xml







xsd to c++ code generator
liquid xml data binding will generate c++ source code from an xml schema in order to read xml documents into a strongly typed object model within your c++ application. this enables you to easily support xml validation compliant with the w3c standard.
the code generation process can be performed via an easy to use wizard or from the command line and supports very complex xml schema.
java and vb6 code generation is also supported, and you can also generate html documentation for your class library api.
the generated code also supports json serialization and fast infoset binary xml serialization.
the compiled c++ code that you generate and associated liquid c++ runtime can be distribution royalty free with your application.





xsd to c# code generator
liquid xml objects will generate c# source code from an xml schema in order to read xml documents into a strongly typed object model within your c# application. this enables you to easily support xml validation compliant with the w3c standard. visual basic .net code generation is also supported.
it is a direct replacement for microsoft visual studio's xsd.exe with enhanced functionality and support the xsd 1.1 w3c standard.
the code generation process can be performed via an easy to use wizard or from the command line and supports very complex xml schema.
liquid xml objects also integrates directly into microsoft visual studio, making it simple to generate the c# code directly in your .net project.
the generated code also supports json serialization so you can round-trip xml to json.
the compiled c# or visual basic .net code that you generate and associated liquid .net runtime can be distribution royalty free with your application.





visual studio tools
liquid studio integrates smoothly into microsoft visual studio allowing you to develop your json and xml applications within the familiar visual studio environment. 
microsoft visual studio extensions include:

xml schema editor
wsdl editor
xpath expression builder
rest web service test client
soap web service test client
json schema editor














quick links

home page
liquid studio
xml data binder
shop
free trial download
contact us
partners
site map



support links

xml demo videos
xml tutorials



product support
browse knowledge base
browse community forum
create support ticket



external links

xml standards library
liquid xml blog
xml compression
 


                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     








copyright © 2001-2025 liquid technologies limited. all rights reserved. privacy policy and trademarks back to top  













