




















home page | uc davis iet









      skip to main content
    






menu


uc davis iet






























open search




search













main navigation (extended config)



          about iet





about iet


it governance


committees & groups



          it initiatives





aggie ai


campus wi-fi refresh


email service transition


zoom phone







          services





services


service status


support


iet rates





          security





security


duo mfa


authentic message registry





          tech news & events





tech news


events





          jobs





open positions


student professional development program 





          newsletters & reports






          iet connect





iet connect current issue


iet connect archive




technology impact report




















switch to duo mobile app

texts and phone callbacks to be discontinued 2/23


learn more























duo issues resolved - friday, 2/14/25
click the alert box for more information.posted: febuary 14, 2025, 9:30 a.m.













 




explore services







 




get support







 




find answers








featured tech news stories







 



 switch to the duo mobile app: texts & callbacks to be discontinued 2/23
beginning february 23, 2025, text messages and phone callbacks will no longer be offered as login approval options for duo. aggies must switch to the duo mobile app to verify their identities and access campus services.
read more








 



annual wireless update – you may receive a prompt
on thursday, february 6, 2025, at 10:00 a.m., campus will install a new electronic security certificate for eduroam. this means you may receive a prompt on your phone or other device, asking you to accept the update.
read more








 



 top tips to protect your data: data privacy week 2025
while we can’t control how every piece of data is collected about us, we still have the right to data privacy. here are 7 actionable tips to protect your data.
read more









see all tech news articles







upcoming events






uc love data week

feb 10-14, 2025

virtual




2025 uc tech annual conference

jun 25-27, 2025

uc riverside




uc cyber security summit

aug 20, 2025

ucla, luskin conference center













service spotlight: aggiecloud

a suite of cloud computing tools that provides access to aws and azure accounts on campus.


learn more









iet initiatives







aggie ai


explore the growing ecosystem of ai tools from uc davis.







 










zoom phone


in the coming months, zoom phone, a new service offering from aggie phone, will be available at uc davis.







 










campus wi-fi refresh


delivering reliable campus wi-fi critical to teaching, learning, and research activities at uc davis. 







 










email service transition


uc davis to transition email and email forwarding services for former students, staff and other affiliates.







 












still need help? contact it express


call
(530) 754-help (4357)
	m-f, 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. pst


email
ithelp@ucdavis.edu
do not email personal information, such as dates of birth, passwords or social security numbers.

chat

start a chat


 





                quicklinks
      
authentic message registrycomputer classroomscomputing accountsuc davis canvas








































university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 14, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.











