










home - goldendale chamber




















































  



















skip to content





















































facebook





youtube





linked in














contact us








events








member login























 
homecommunity hub local businesses local organizationsexplore central & eastern klickitat county shop eat stay play goldendale observatory art at the heart of goldendale visitor’s calendarthe chamber membership board & staff committees projects klickitat county careers news hot deals art at the chamber chamber calendarbusiness development resources klickitat county workforce klickitat county economic data








 















 
art at the heart of goldendale
 


 
meet the stars... 


 
get outdoors... 


 
taste the wine... 


 
take in the sights... 


 
explore art and history... 


 
 






























experience goldendale & central klickitat county











get away to the beautiful country. if you're looking for outdoor adventure, stargazing, wineries, motorsports, rodeo, or just some peace and quiet, goldendale & central klickitat county will surely delight you.












unplug! get inspired
 
it's quiet here—with plenty of choices for extraordinary fun!
 





















                                shop till you drop                            














                                art and history                            














                                goldendale observatory                            














                                eat and drink                            














                                get outdoors                            














                                stay awhile                            














                                what's happening                            














                                play all day                            














                                local services                            























what's happening? find it here



















click here for more events











































 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 












science, history & rodeo











since 1973, goldendale has been home to a great treasure, one of the largest and most accessible public telescopes in the nation. thousands of stargazers, families, and students travel to goldendale every year to meet the stars at goldendale observatory state park. we’re also home to, stonehenge, the nation’s first wwi memorial, dedicated in 1918, and the presby museum, which houses pioneer artifacts, photographs and stories from early settlers and the agricultural economy that still flourishes today. with 4h and high school rodeo clubs, and 3 npra rodeos every summer, ropers and riders of all ages know their way around horses.
 











art, wine & walking about











set on a stunning 5,300-acre site overlooking the scenic columbia river gorge, maryhill museum of art’s world-class collection of art ranges from early 20th-century european works to an extensive native american collection and a permanent rodin sculpture exhibit. we’re part of the flourishing columbia river gorge wine region, brimming with world-class wineries and vineyards just minutes from downtown goldendale. relax on a walk along the klickitat river, a nationally designated wild & scenic river. or walk about downtown goldendale and take in art at the heart of goldendale public art installations.











 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 







































plan your visit













klickitat county
touring map




get information and directions on points of interest, wineries, breweries, parks, dining, and lodging in klickitat county. simply click on  square icon at the top left of the map to choose the category you're looking for. enjoy!



































































goldendale observatory state park, open year round.















klickitat county fair and rodeo in august. 















october hill climb & harvest festival.















oregon trail rally comes to klickitat county.




































sponsors




































































next
previous






















 












© 2025 goldendale chamber
 | 
site by growthzone












so much to do!
















 
homecommunity hub local businesses local organizationsexplore central & eastern klickitat county shop eat stay play goldendale observatory art at the heart of goldendale visitor’s calendarthe chamber membership board & staff committees projects klickitat county careers news hot deals art at the chamber chamber calendarbusiness development resources klickitat county workforce klickitat county economic data

























follow us for updates!














facebook





youtube





linked in



















get in touch!














phone number




509.773.3400 










map




903 east broadway, goldendale, wa 98620 










email




admin@goldendalechamber.org 



























© 2024 goldendale chamber. all rights reserved.









 
scroll to top

















