










home - novasight hybrid system









novasight hybridtm systemivus + oct. 
one catheter, one pullback.co-registered and co-linear ivus and oct imaging 
allows you to see the same part of the vessel from 
two perspectives.learn moreinterested?versatility for the complexhybrid ivus and oct imaging provides additional information over single modality imaging in complex lesions. the versatility of hybrid imaging is useful for a variety of complex pcis, including situations where you may want to image large ostial lesions with ivus but also use oct for diseased distal lesions and/or stent assessment. hybrid imaging also provides additional imaging information that may help you when treating calcified lesions, in-stent restenosis, and thrombotic lesions.plaque burden, stent sizing & assessmenttake advantage of the high resolution provided by oct to trace the lumen boundary, and the imaging depth provided by ivus to trace the vessel wall. measurements made on one modality will be overlaid on the other. the ability to see both the lumen and the vessel wall may help with visualization of plaque burden and stent sizing. post-stent assessment can be performed, with oct highlighting the stent and potential dissections/thrombus, and ivus helping to confirm proper expansion.live ivus scout imagingbedside control using the jog switch on the pim allows you to assess the lesion prior to initiating a pullback by manually translating the imaging head forwards and backwards while acquiring live ivus imaging data. this can provide valuable information about the lesion and allow for precision pullback positioning (setting the pullback start and end points) without exposing the patient to additional contrast.ivus-only pullbacksperform 5mm/s, 1mm/s, or 0.5mm/s ivus-only pullbacks. ivus pullbacks can be used for the entire case or as additional imaging after key ivus oct pullbacks have been performed.

poor oct blood clearance?
in situations where there is poor blood clearance during ivus oct imaging and the oct images are not clear, the novasight hybrid system will always have the ivus data to refer to (acquired simultaneously). this prevents the need for performing an additional imaging run with more contrast.interested?we'd love to bring the novasight hybrid system to you for an evaluation. answer a couple of questions and leave your name & email address to join the priority list!join the priority listthe novasight hybrid system is intended for intravascular imaging of coronary arteries and is indicated in patients who are candidates for transluminal interventional procedures.
the novasight hybrid system is cleared for sale in the following jurisdictions (regulatory approvals referenced):
• united states: fda 510(k) clearance (k172258)
• canada: health canada medical device license (102500)
• japan: pmda medical device license (catheter: 30200bzx00040000, console + pim: 30200bzx00039000)

isi: conavi.com/novasight/isi
accessibility policy: conavi.com/novasight/accessibility-policy



