














home | superior court of california | county of alpine













      skip to main content
    

 



skip to main content.







judicial branch of california




supreme court


courts of appeal


superior courts


judicial council







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































county of alpine



 

 







home



online services
 




online payments


remote appearances



online services
 







forms & filings
 




fees and  bail schedules


local forms


local rules & standing orders



forms & filings
 







self-help
 




domestic violence and gun violence restraining orders


restraining orders



self-help
 







divisions
 




appeals


civil


small claims


unlawful detainer




criminal


family law


juvenile


probate


traffic


contesting your ticket


correctable violations


if you can't afford to pay


traffic school





divisions
 







general information
 




americans with disabilities act (ada)


care act


court calendar schedule


court holidays


employment


news and notices


language access information


records


vendors



general information
 







jury service
 




grand jury


citizen complaints





jury service
 







 translate
 


english


español










 translate
 


english


español





search


 search














can't afford to pay: 


request a fine reduction online for eligible infraction offenses (including most traffic tickets). do not use to request traffic school, contest your ticket, or submit proof of correction. 












 



welcome to the
superior court of alpine





traffic 

 




pay online

 




self-help center

 




forms & filings

 












services









restraining orders 



learn about your options for a restraining order, how to file, and how to appear for a restraining order hearing. 












self-help services 



learn about resources available to help find legal information and how to represent yourself in some legal matters. our self-help staff cannot give legal advice or represent you, but they can help fill out forms and help you process your own case. 












remote appearances 



learn about when and how you can appear for certain proceedings remotely via zoom. 














  news & notices











                          jan 13, 2025
            
                      

                                    job announcement - court executive officer 
                              


read more











                          jan 02, 2025
            
                      

                                    notice of adoption of 2025 bail schedule
                              


read more













                          nov 07, 2024
            
                      

public input on alpine's 2024-2025 proposed budget












                          apr 24, 2024
            
                      

update to clerk's office business office hours and phone hours 












                          mar 29, 2024
            
                      

proposed local rule and form changes effective july 1, 2024











more news













  location




all locations




 alpine county superior court


alpine county courthouse
14777 state route 89
markleeville, ca 96120
united states
(530) 694-2113

















alpine county superior court


alpine county courthouse
14777 state route 89
markleeville, ca 96120
united states
(530) 694-2113


















about the court



because one-third of the population are members of the washoe tribe, the county faces several jurisdicational issues in both social services and law enforcement. clarification of these issues is currently being sought from the california attorney general. in 1995, the tribe assumed, by federal order, jurisdiction over juvenile dependency caseload. this has reduced the workload of the court in this area.  the county court currently maintains jurisdiction over juvenile delinquency cases and this workload is expected to increase.




court leadership
richard d. meyer, presiding judgescott w. souers, judgeann greth, court executive officer













mission statement



it is the mission of this court to resolve disputes arising under the law in a fair, accessible, effective, and efficient manner; and to interpret and apply the law consistently, impartially, and independently to protect the rights and liberties guaranteed by the constitutions of california and the united states of america.




language access services
request for interpreter form
language access services complaint form
to find information on how to submit a complaint go to the judicial council's language access services, court interpreter program web page













community outreach



community outreach in a small county is a part of everyday activity. judges campaign door-to-door for election and have the opportunity to talk to every citizen directly about the court and their perceptions of the services rendered. formal opportunities, facilities, or activities that exist for community outreach in larger communities are not present in alpine county. there is no high school or college in alpine county. there are no service clubs, no radio or television broadcasters, and only a limited monthly newspaper. only a few opportunities exist, or can be created, for the purpose of reaching the approximately 1200 residents of the county. this plan contemplates the limited opportunities for community outreach in alpine county, and incorporates the admonition from the members of the alpine county community that public funds not be spent on public relations activities.




important downloads
statewide civil fee schedule
felony/misdemeanor bail schedule 
notice of adoption of uniform countywide bail schedule 2024
2024 uniform bail and penalty schedule
	note: alpine does not impose the $1.00 night court fee















administrative


ada policy


contact


jobs






attorney resources


court calendar 


forms & filings


local rules






california court


california courts


find my court


ca courts self-help center






public resources


california dmv


court holidays 


jury information












superior court of california
county of alpine










judicial branch of california




privacy


terms of use


© 2025



















