



	st francis college - crestmead









































































you may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. please enable scripts and reload this page.





                turn on more accessible mode
            



                turn off more accessible mode
            



                skip ribbon commands
            



                skip to main content
            



                turn off animations
            



                turn on animations
            









































































homecurrently selected
about us
message from the principalour vision, mission and mottoour franciscan spiritcollege songcollege family groupsreligious life of the collegeschool reportingstrategic directionscollege communicationfacilitiesour reconciliation action plan (rap)
enrol
online enrolment application and informationapply onlinevisit st francis collegeprep informationfees and leviescollege lifecollege communicationpositive behaviour for learning (pb4l)transportuniformmary mackillop fundpolicies & proceduresoshc (outside school hours care)
curriculum
vision for learningearly years (p-2)junior years (3-6)middle years (7-9)senior years (10-12)career pathwayspositive behaviour for learning (pb4l)student | parent | teacher learning conversationsassessment and reportinglaptop programbooklists
co-curricular
camps and retreatscollege annual eventsleadership and achievementsst francis sports academyreflection dayshomework clubprivate music lessonschoir
news
newslettersterm datespartnership with the australian futsal associationuni step-up program
family & friends
friends of st franciscommunity hubs logansfc community hubtuckshop (la cucina) sfc alumni
contacts & links
contact & location detailsoshc (outside school hours care)
bce policies
student protection












it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.













                                        
	welcome to st francis college - crestmead

                                        































welcome to st francis college - crestmead




















welcome to st francis college


 the heart of st francis college is our community. at sfc we strive to provide a learning environment that celebrates the diversity and giftedness of all within our community. sfc celebrates the journey of children becoming fine young men and women.
in partnership with families, we aim to develop young adults who are poised to make a significant positive difference in their world. we share your aspiration, as parents, for our young people to grow as happy, healthy and well-rounded individuals.
the faith and mission of the college provide the framework for our student well​being and learning and teaching programs. these programs enable us to foster a passion for lifelong learning for the holistic development of each student.
read more









find out more about us ....













testimonials













quick links















our location



follow us on facebook
































































