








	san francisco district, u.s. army corps of engineers


















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
san francisco district website










®








           about
        



           leadership
        
 

           history
        
 

           faq
        
 



           business with us - contracting
        



           small business
        
 

           business opportunities open house
        
 



           missions
        



           dredging work permits
        
 

           navigation
        



           non-federal sponsor information
        
 



           emergency operations
        
 

           environmental
        
 

           projects and programs
        



           congressional projects
        
 

           continuing authorities program
        
 

           current projects
        
 

           independent external peer review reports
        
 

           project review plans
        
 

           regional dredge material management plan
        
 

           section 408 program
        
 



           hazard removal - sf bay
        
 

           recreation
        



           bay model visitor center
        



           california coastal cleanup
        
 



           lake mendocino
        
 

           lake sonoma
        
 



           regulatory
        



           public notices
        
 

           permitting
        



           nationwide
        
 

           regional
        
 

           emergency
        
 

           individual
        
 



           jurisdiction
        
 

           mitigation
        
 

           contact
        
 

           faqs
        
 



           surveys, studies & strategy
        
 

           wrrda water projects and studies
        
 



           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 



           careers
        



           media
        



           news stories
        
 

           videos
        
 

           images
        
 

           spn surveyor
        
 

           coastal explorer
        
 



           library
        



           freedom of information act
        



           frequently asked questions (faq)
        
 





           contact
        



           usace office locator
        
 

           rss
        
 



























district photos









south shoreline phase 1 construction  photos

south shoreline phase 1 construction  photos



see more
          










lake sonoma fisheries biologists tag coho salmon

lake sonoma fisheries biologists tag coho salmon



see more
          










dredging at san rafael creek

dredging at san rafael creek



see more
          













latest news









tolowa dee-ni' nation's wastewater project gets financial boost with u.s. army corps of engineers agreement

                12/18/2024 updated


                the tolowa dee-ni' nation and the u.s. army corps of engineers san francisco district signed a ceremonial agreement dec. 18 that will provide the nation with $800,000 toward extensive improvements to...
            





usace, partners kick off marin city flood resilience project with nov. 7 community event

                11/5/2024 updated


                please join our project kickoff celebration for the marin city flood resilience project on thursday, nov 7, 10-11 a.m. this event celebrates marin city’s selection to be part of a congressional pilot...
            





san francisco district planning team applies nature-based solutions to roi-namur recovery efforts

                10/29/2024 
            

                u.s. army corps of engineers san francisco district’s knowledge of and push for engineering with nature principles and designs reached a new high as the district’s ewn expertise jumped an ocean all...
            





army civil works announces invitations to apply for dam safety loans; $2 billion in potential federal financing for california

                9/17/2024 updated


                washington (sept. 13, 2024) – the office of the assistant secretary of the army for civil works and the u.s. army corps of engineers today announced the first set of proposals being invited to apply...
            







view more











quick links



forecast-informed reservoir operations (firo)
public notices
hydrographic survey section
program and project factsheets
long term management strategy
dredged material management office
national inventory of dams
national levee database
freedom of information act










videos


  
 
click here to check out more videos from around the san francisco district at our youtube page!































essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the san francisco district website
this is the official public website of the san francisco district, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, write to cespn-pa2@usace.army.mil or call 415-503-6804. for mail, our address is: attn. pao usace spn, 450 golden gate ave., 4th floor, san francisco, ca 94102. 













accessibilitycontact usquality factslink disclaimerno fear actprivacy & securitysite mapusa.govplain languageopen governmentsmall businesseeo & sharp


rssigfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil














