




home | co beagle rescue






















home
adopt
relinquish
foster
event calendar
donate
blog
resources
about cbr


















donate to
					colorado beagle rescue with every purchase at



it's now easier than ever to support colorado beagle rescue when you shop at king soopers and city market!

simply enroll your king soopers/city market soopercard to support colorado beagle rescue.

king soopers will donate quarterly to colorado beagle rescue based on the total purchases of our supporters.

please feel free to contact us if you have any questions.

thank you for your continued support of all the beagles in our care!

click here to learn more.





when you adopt a rescue dog, you save a dog’s life.





 



happy valentine's day

from cbr!


					warm weather, winter snows, chilly nights and sultry winds!  it must be february in colorado.  and the second month of 2025 means valentine's day!  while you know dogs should never eat chocolate, there is nothing to hold you back from a little valentine's day bacon for your cuddly and wonderful beagle kids.  according to a recent poll of several beagles currently lounging in my living room, 143% of all beagles appreciate bacon.  so hold the chocolate, and double-up on the bacon love!  happy valentine's day from cbr.

					thank you for your continued support of cbr and thank you, especially, for helping those beagles in need over the past years!

					happy 2025 from cbr

					 
 






mission statement

colorado beagle rescue, inc. (cbr) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, tax-exempt organization operated 100% by volunteers who are dedicated to preserving the welfare of the beagle breed.  cbr relies completely upon tax-deductible donations to support itself.  your generous donations help us cover the cost of spaying/neutering, veterinary care, food, foster placement, transportation of dogs, identification tags, and basic administrative expenses, etc.

colorado beagle rescue does not discriminate and works with everyone regardless of their age, color, national origin, marital status, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, or gender identity and/or expression.



adoption donations

colorado beagle rescue has always had one of the lowest adoption donation amounts among our fellow rescue groups.  the overwhelming costs to rescue a dog have increased over the years and we must raise our requested adoption donation amounts to help cover the increased expenses we have been facing for several years.

effective february 1, 2024 the following adoption donation amounts are in place:

   dogs less than 12 months old:            $350

   dogs 1 - 5 years old:                            $300

   dogs 6 - 8 years old:                            $275

   dogs 9 years and older:                       $175




















colorado beagle rescue
					p.o. box 2704
					littleton, co  80161-2704

					rescue phone line: 303-464-9403
					(you may press # to bypass our message)


 

2024 tribute flight
					in loving memory of


bill kinsinger





 




happy colorado spring!


a poem about spring (in colorado)


on tuesday it's snowing,

on wednesday, it's hot!

on thursday it's raining,

and friday, it's not!



 



click here to see upcoming fundraising events and how you can help!  including our incredible annual on-line auction!






click here to
						make a donation.

click here
						to volunteer.








				 

colorado beagle rescue would like to thank goozmo, inc for maintaining our web site.

please see their web site at goozmo.com to start a web site for your personal or business use.













colorado beagle rescue | p.o. box 2704 littleton, co 80161-2704 | 303-464-9403








©2025 coloradobeaglerescue.org . powered by goozmo systems . printed on recycled data™





