






lodging & dining on lake george - blue water manor














































homelodgingthe lodgesnorth lodgereservationsrestaurantstavern on the lakethe barreleventseventsweddingsadditional infoamentitiesarea attractionspolicies and informationhistoryjob listingscontact












plan your summer 2025 getaway today!

a place to play in every season!

dine in the historic lakefront tavern may to october! 

serving this winter at the barrel! 

bwm north lodge accepting reservations year round! 







online reservations








lodging, dining, & events on lake georgeblue water manor is a resort property and family restaurant located along the shores of lake george. the blue water manor property itself hosts 49 recently renovated adirondack style rooms that accept bookings from may to october. tavern on the lake restaurant can be found directly on lake george on the blue water manor main property. our gatehouse villa airbnb located on property is available for year-round bookings.
blue water manor is the perfect venue to host your next family reunion, party, wedding, or special event. for more information about hosting your next event at bwm please visit our tavern and banquet hall pages.
to the north, you will find additional lodging at bwm north lodge, open year-round, situated directly behind the barrel, our winter season restaurant that is open from november to march.
please follow along on our facebook and instagram pages for the latest information about each of our properties and restaurants.
come and enjoy all of the wonderful activities lake george is famous for here at blue water manor - now serving in every season!




2 lodging properties to choose from




lodges at bwm


north lodge











2 dining locations to choose from




tavern on the lake


the barrel











weddings & events at blue water manor on lake george




banquet hall


outdoor ceremonies


guest accommodations












sign-up to receive our monthly newsletter!




subscribe to bwm newsletter and update emails
* indicates required
email address *first name *last name *phone number birthday  /( mm / dd )















blue water manor
 4436 lake shore drive bolton landing, ny 12814

 lodges 518-644-2535 tavern 518-644-5400 mail@bluewatermanor.com

© 2022 - 2025 all rights reserved



home
lodging
restaurants
events
additional info
history
job listings
contact


privacy policy
terms and conditions



web site design & hosting by nolee-o web design








