



etosha rescue and adoption center 
















             






 location:   seguin,
          texas
email:  etosharescue@gmail.com

phone: 830-401-0150
          please call for an appointment before coming out and for
          directions 


 










      emergency donations are needed for misty, a husky with wire embedded deeply in her right front leg. she was abandoned by her owners but has a good home waiting as soon as we can raise money for surgery, which will cost approximately $1,200.00. contributions can be made by paypal using etosharescue@gmail.com and would be deeply appreciated.
      






  




      another dog saved by etosha, fully vetted and sent out of state to a pit bull rescue.
      








 







     houdini is just one of over 100 dogs etosha saved from euthanasia in the past fourteen months. he will be fully vetted soon and on his way to a husky rescue in connecticut. and no, he isn't still trying to escape his kennel.
      








 







     many thanks to texas pride towing for keeping our trucks on the road, or, in this case, to the shop for repairs.
      








 







      this very pregnant doberman was rescued off the houston streets by a good samaritan who contacted etosha for whelping advice and financial assistance paying a costly vet bill. puppies arrived naturally one day after a radiograph confirmed a total of eight. lucky mutts rescue in houston is reportedly on board to take all the puppies when they are old enough. they most likely will place the mother as well. etosha often helps dogs in need from the houston and other areas of texas, either financially or by referrals to other groups.
      








 







     this weimeraner was saved from euthanasia by seguin acs and transferred to a breed-specific rescue in december of 2023. thank you robin for contacting etosha to pull and provide temporary shelter for this sweet girl.

      








 







          why go to a breeder when there are so many dog and puppies in
          rescue who need a home? and please contact us for assistance
          getting your female spayed. be part of the solution, not the
          problem.
        








 







          this ridgeback was found in san antonio april 23, 2021. his
          microchip indicates he was neutered by snipsa but whoever
          adopted him did not register him with pet watch. 






          looking for a rhodesian ridgeback? please read this caution about breeders
          from a ridgeback owner
        

 


the
            dreadful new pet adoption scheme you'll want to avoid like
            the plague 










          this young coonhound has adjusted well to his new home in a
          new braunfels subdivision. he will never go "hunting" but does
          a fine job of keeping squirrels and other pests out of the
          back yard. most coonhounds make wonderful family pets if given
          the opportunity.
        








 


          etosha is in urgent need of a replacement vehicle to transport
          dogs and food. if you have one to donate, we would be
          extremely grateful. ideally we are looking for a truck or a
          van with less than 100,000 miles and in dependable condition.
          thank you. 








 


          there are approximately 45 cats and dogs for every person
          born.
          only 1 out of 10 dogs born ever get a home. 
          only 1 out of 12 cats born ever find a home.
          approximately 800 dogs & cats are killed each hour in the
          united states, because there are not enough homes for them! 

          please spay and neuter!
          if looking for a pet, please rescue instead of buying from a
          breeder or a pet store. 
















            petfinder

accepting donations through paypal.

          











 




