






women’s reproductive clinic of new mexico abortion clinic











































































										(575) 332-9452									



eng 

esp 







abortion

medical abortion


additional info

ultrasound recommended
what to expect
helpful links
blog
in the news


testimonials
about
contact













 


 




					new mexico’s most trusted abortion pill clinic. empowering your right to choose. we have your back.				








 


women’s reproductive clinic, located five minutes outside el paso, texas has been serving patients since 2005.
we make a difficult situation easy: no waiting period and an all-in-one appointment. your care is our priority. we provide safe medical abortion care in a place that is welcoming and non-judgemental.















 




												medical abortion											
commonly known as the abortion pill is available up to 11 weeks. our goal is to inform and educate you about all the options when it comes to your health. we empathize that these are not easy decisions, so we want to make sure that you are completely informed and have the best quality care available to you. women’s reproductive clinic of new mexico treats every patient with respect, care, and confidentiality.

medical abortion 








 




												sonogram recommended but not required											
if you want the abortion pill (medical abortion), it’s recommended that you provide us with a sonogram so we can verify how far along you are in your pregnancy. if the sonogram shows you are too early, we may not be able to see the gestational sac, therefore, we would not be able to give you the abortion pill. if you are further along (more than 11 weeks) in your pregnancy, you will need to seek care for a surgical abortion. we can provide referrals.

required sonogram 








 




												what to expect											
new mexico does not require a 24-hour waiting period, therefore women’s reproductive is able to offer same-day appointments, but we do not offer walk-ins. all appointments must be scheduled by calling the clinic phone number and a sonogram is recommended before coming in. ultimately the decision is and should be yours. our goal is to provide you with the facts and answer any questions you have throughout the process.

what to expect 















						who we are					
since 2005, women from around our local communities have been coming to women’s reproductive clinic of new mexico for quality and affordable reproductive health care and abortion services.

google reviews 








“staff and dr were amazing, during my appointment there they made me feel calm and relaxed.”

- natalie



 







“i wanna personally thank you very helpful nurses and wonderful doctor for helping women like myself in these crazies times. thank you for truly supporting women.”

- santana



 







“loved the service, the staff and the way they are so helpful & caring towards their patients.”

- angela g.



 







“it felt good to be in a place where i wasn’t judged and all the women were really nice and gentle. now i’m doing just fine and happier!”

- adones



 







“this clinic and the workers are absolutely amazing. so helpful and caring.”

- kayla



 







“i would recommend anyone to come here if you want a smooth experience with no judgment and kind staff.”

- mari



 

























								our mission							
our mission is to provide you with a clean and comfortable atmosphere without judgment through your decision-making process. our clinic is equipped with the latest technology and medical procedures to offer safe and effective options. from ultrasounds to consultations to same-day procedures, our board-certified ob/gyn physician discusses everything with you. we want you to have no doubts that you are making the best decision.






				phone			


					(575) 332-9452				


				address			

				5300 mcnutt rd #11
santa teresa, nm 88008			


			google map		




			hours		


						monday - friday  8:00 am - 4:00 pm					

						saturday  8:00 am - 12:00 pm					

						sunday  closed					



				we are open for appointments on wednesdays, fridays and saturdays. however, we are also open most sundays, and sometimes monday’s and tuesdays. please call us and we’ll let you know if we are open for appointments on sunday, monday and tuesday.			






				social media			



















			license		
new mexico license #07070209




women’s reproductive clinic of new mexico is an abortion clinic located in santa teresa, new mexico, we offer abortions and the abortion pill as well as reproductive health services. we see patients from las cruces nm, university park nm, phoenix az, tucson az, atlanta ga, austin tx, dallas tx, el paso texas, houston tx, san antonio tx, tampa, fl | abortion pill odessa, abortion pill el paso, abortion pill midland tx, abortion pill san antonio
 
© 2025 women’s reproductive clinic of new mexico all rights reserved.


privacy policy 

design credits 

local and out of state 












 abortion clinic phoenix
 abortion clinic tucson
 abortion pill houston
 abortion pill phoenix
 abortion pill tucson

	articles
© 2025 women's reproductive clinic










