




  






home - hba of greater knoxville, tn


















 

















































 toggle navigation   






about us

board of directors
committees
past presidents
staff
contact us



membership

member benefits
member application
member directory
member login
bookstore
hbat
nahb



events

parade of homes
calendar



consumers

consumer resources
request for proposal
info request
job postings
news
hot deals


member directory



































join today!
 




























































































































about hbagk
when people in east tennessee want to buy, build, finance, remodel or maintain a home, they look to the home builders association of greater knoxville because they trust our members and know that they are professional and the best at what they do.
we represent the absolute best of the home building, development and remodeling industry in knox, anderson, blount, campbell, claiborne, cocke, fentress, grainger, hamblen, jefferson, loudon, monroe, morgan, roane, scott, sevier and union counties.  read more...
 












welcome our new members




















directory







deals







map







news







calendar






































featured hbagk events



























parade of homes
2025 dates
october 10-12
october 17-19
october 24-26
advertisements in the official parade magazine will be available soon
welcome to the hbagk parade of homes presented by ornl federal credit union and tindell's. the parade of homes website will help you plan your tour of homes in all price ranges. our 2024 parade of homes information and website will remain linked until the start of the 2025 event. 
everyone in east tennessee looks forward to the annual parade of homes from home builders association of great knoxville.  our spectacular event takes place over three fall weekends in october. this is the best time of year to explore amazing homes in the counties we represent (knox, anderson, blount, campbell, claiborne, cocke, fentress, grainger, hamblen, jefferson, loudon, monroe, morgan, roane, scott, sevier, and union) while taking in east tennessee's breathtaking fall scenery. tour and shop for homes of all sizes and price ranges built by hbagk members who help people achieve the american dream of home ownership. ornl federal credit union and tindell's are co-presenting sponsors for the official parade of homes.

























































meet our officers





























becky snyder
president
loomis construction




























lisa smith
vice president
ferguson enterprises




























kyle ward
secretary/treasurer
ward pasko construction, llc




























patrick welsh
associate vice president
heritage realty





















































































follow us



























































 

 
 


 


view this profile on instagram

 


 
 
 


 
 


 
 
 



 
 

@hbaknox • instagram photos and videos




































hbagk on facebook
 
 



















hbagk member works ideabook
 




















hbagk on pinterest





















hbagk on twitter 






















































hba of greater knoxville

 221 clark st. nw, knoxville, tn 37921

 865. 546.4665

 staff@hbaknoxville.com











 












contact us





































































© copyright 2025 hba of greater knoxville. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by growthzone software.
















 


