
















undergraduate admissions | washington university in st. louis









































 






skip to content
skip to search
skip to footer





washu pathway
request information
contact us
 











undergraduate admissions



close

academicsacademics

majors and programs
special programs

summer programs for high school students


beyond boundaries
premed
study abroad
academic advising
career paths


life at washulife at washu

our students
st. louis
campus life

performing arts and music
leadership, government, and politics


residential living
dining services
equity, diversity, & inclusion
taylor family center for student success
student services
facts & firsts


cost & aidcost & aid

affordability
cost of attendance
scholarships

academic scholarships
signature scholar programs
transfer scholarships




visit washuvisit washu

in-person campus visits
virtual experiences
virtual tour
group visits
maps + directions


how to applyhow to apply

building our community
application process
questbridge
application guidelines
application dates & deadlines
application fee
decision plans
english testing requirement
portfolio reviews
optional writing supplement and video
rural and small-town applicants
schoolhouse.world


 
 


washu pathway
request information
contact us
 

 


















search









menu





search for:
















search

 













close

















scroll down the page.










washu is “no-loan” for all
as part of our commitment to always put students first, washu has expanded its “no-loan” financial aid policy to include all admitted undergraduate students. this means that need-based loans will be replaced with scholarships and university grants in all financial aid offers, ensuring that all admitted students can obtain a world-class washu education without going in to debt. this policy is the latest step in a long, comprehensive strategy to expand access and financial aid at the university. other components include the washu pledge and our need-blind admission policy.
start your application





upcoming deadlines



feb. 14

early decision ii – admissions decisions and financial aid offers released by



feb. 28

early decision i – fafsa complete by
early decision ii – fafsa complete by
regular decision – fafsa complete by



mar. 3

transfer student – financial aid application complete by
transfer student – common application completed by
early decision ii – candidate reply date




full deadlines calendar











 

alumni spotlight
morgan debaun
ceo of blavity
morgan debaun co-founded blavity, a news and entertainment website featuring stories told from a black point of view.

read more







 

faculty spotlight
jennifer r. smith
vice provost for educational initiatives and professor of earth & planetary science​s
dr. smith’s duties include enhancing equity in undergraduates’ academic opportunities, experiences and outcomes and deepening student research experiences.

read more







 

alumni spotlight
anne schaefer
artist
anne schaefer, a 2001 alumna, was commissioned to create “it comes and it goes,” a 12-panel mural for the new anabeth and john weil hall.

read more







 

alumni spotlight
maya wong
project engineer
when #washu18 grad maya wong stepped onto the job site of jubel hall as a project engineer for mccarthy building companies, inc. she had zero first-day jitters – she had been there before.

read more








meet peers who cheer you onfind out what life at washu is really like


7:1student to faculty ratio3000research projects underway each year50countries represented by the undergraduate student body100%admitted students have financial need fully coveredsee incoming class profile




experience one of the best campuses in america, right here in st. louis
visit washu
multimedia campus tour









news & announcements



washu joins thrive scholars college collaborative
january 27, 2025
washington university in st. louis is strengthening its partnership with thrive scholars, a national nonprofit that prepares high-achieving students from communities with limited resources to succeed at the nation’s top universities. 


washu’s support for students affected by natural disasters
january 8, 2025
please know we believe that the health and safety of students and their families is the top priority, and we are here to support in the ways we can—particularly as it relates to the admissions process.


new major in public health & society
october 17, 2024
washu officially will launch the program in public health & society — including a major and minor —  at a celebratory event monday, oct. 21. the program, housed within arts & sciences, offers a distinctive interdisciplinary approach to public health, blending expertise from across the university’s schools. the undergraduate minor is already live, and the major will debut in fall 2025.



more news and announcements


begin the next great chapter in your storyapply for admissionplan a visitrequest information










undergraduate admissions
msc 1089-105-05
one brookings drive
st. louis, mo 63130-4899

314-935-6000 | 800-638-0700
admissions@wustl.edu


facebook
youtube
instagram
snapchat
tiktok




resources for  high school counselors 
for  military and veteran students 
for  current washu students
financial aid
consumer information
report website issue

 
washu pathway
admissions glossary
common questions 
find your admissions officer
meet our student ambassadors
resources & publications
en español

 


©2025 washington university in st. louis



 



















