




unc department of psychiatry | department of psychiatry
































































 
























skip to the end of the utility bar



unc school of medicine



unc chapel hill

unc health

intranet

login









skip to main content











search_for:


search




      search this site

      search unc school of medicine











toggle navigation




department of psychiatry



home
about us
specialty care
research
education & training
centers & programs
careers
 



 








 
department of psychiatry
             
the unc department of psychiatry is committed to excellence in our missions of clinical service, teaching, and research, and we are national leaders in each of these domains.


patient care
education & training
research









 
















 


train with unc psychiatry
“it’s hard for me to find words to describe how much unc means to me. i have been at unc a long time- undergrad, medical school, residency, and now fellowship at unc and i feel like i grew up here. i feel like you all are my family, you have touched my heart in so many ways and really shaped me into the person i am. i’m so grateful to have trained here.”katie weinel, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘21“i remember coming here to interview five years ago in person and having my tour and i remember thinking to myself, the people here really love what they do. throughout my experience here whatever specialty, whatever niche they’re in, people really love the field, they love their patients and that’s the kind of mentorship i was seeking. that’s the kind of role models i wanted and the type of physician i want to be. thank you all, i had a blast in residency, i loved it! and would recommend.”will novey, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘24“the last four years in this program have been incredible. i received top tier training, learned from supportive faculty, and worked with the most amazing group of residents.”amanda price, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘24“drs. dawkins, li, meltzer-brody, penaskovic, hall, i got to watch their leadership styles and learned so much in the intentional time they spent with us. all of the women’s mood disorders folks, drs. rubinow, cox, riddle, ruminjo, kimmel, they all really encouraged and inspired me to focus on this in my career. i don’t think i would have found that anywhere else, and i’m so thankful for that.”brooke becker, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘24“all of you faculty have given me the structure and the freedom to find my own style and to feel comfortable and well-trained doing the best that i can in the service of the patients that i get to work with and so what i’ve learned from this group of really smart, warm, approachable faculty is how to be just that, dr. dickson.”katherine dickson, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘23“i truly could not have asked for a more pleasant and enjoyable residency experience. only at unc could i have had such high quality training and the time to get enough sleep, workout, binge my favorite shows and spend quality time with my cat.”nick ma, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘23“it’s been such a wonderful time being here. i so thoroughly enjoyed my entire residency, and i think that’s so special to be able to say. each and every one of the attendings here—everyone i’ve worked with—i’ve learned so much from each of them and i’ve found it so meaningful. thank you so much for contributing to my education.”andrea mcmahon, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘23“the past four years have been some of the most challenging and rewarding years of my life. i’ve grown and changed in so many ways i’ve never thought possible and i’m grateful for all of you who helped me along on that journey to become the kind of doctor that i wanted to be. the faculty have all been incredible and i’m grateful for you all!”noah goldstein, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘23“i quickly fell in love with the program on my interview day and was thrilled to have matched here. these last four years have shaped me in ways i did not know were possible. gratitude" is the word that comes to mind when i think about unc psychiatry. unc's training opened my eyes to a wide breadth and depth of subspecialities.”surabhi kasera, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘22“reflecting back over the past 4 years of residency, i know that i am truly fortunate be part of unc. i enjoyed my training. i had such amazing educational opportunities to develop as an educator and clinician. i am so grateful to have been part of a wonderful and supportive culture!”samuel lindner, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘21“i’ve been lucky to have incredible faculty to look up to during the last four years. i love seeing different examples that i want to incorporate into my own practice and i feel like i'm taking a piece of each of them with me.”shelby register, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘21“dr. dawkins, thank you for leading the program with such grace and being a wonderful representative for women, especially black women, i appreciate all your support. my grandfather used to say everything was lovely, and that’s exactly what unc was.”bianca waters, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘21“whenever people ask me why i went to unc, you [dr. karon dawkins, education program director] are one of the first things that comes to mind.  your investment in the residents was clear during the interview process and you as my program director was a big draw to come to unc.  thank you for all the dedication you put into our education over the years.”christine beran, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘20“all of these people [drs. karon dawkins, winston li, gary gala and samantha meltzer-brody] have been formative in my development over the past four years.. i am so grateful for my unc family that i now get to call my colleagues.”dana doctor, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘20“it has been really such an honor to do my fellowship in the consultation liaison department of psychiatry at unc and such a privilege and a joy to work with faculty with consultation liaison division and women’s mental health, you all have been so wonderful... i’ve really enjoyed my time at unc. it has truly been such a pleasure to be part of the fellowship program here.”erin brooks, mdconsult liaison fellow, ‘20“graduating from unc is very bittersweet for me. i’ll truly miss the academic environment, the collaboration support and the variety i have been able to experience during residency and fellowship. it truly is a family and i’m so lucky to have been a part of it for these 5 years. i’m really happy i had an extra year here at unc to continue my training in the fellowship because i’ve learned so much and had the opportunity to work with so many more really incredible people. it’s been really great and i’d highly recommend it to anyone considering!”catherine wehmann, mdchild fellow, ‘20“one of the things that really struck me when i was interviewing for residency, was that unc really felt like a family. to my unc psychiatry family, thank you so much for the past four years. i’ve learned so much more than i could have imagined and i’ve enjoyed these years with you all so much. i have profound gratefulness that i was able to meet so many wonderful human beings.”lauren marino, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘20“unc psychiatry offered me incredibly strong and diverse clinical training opportunities, though it was the experiences the department allowed me to create that are most meaningful to me. i was able to have protected time to explore my interests in curriculum development, education, and clinical informatics while being afforded elective opportunities to gain admission to my preferred fellowship program. the degree to which the department listens to residents' input is truly remarkable and allows for the collaborative and collegial environment at unc”evan vitiello, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘20“i knew immediately after my interview that unc was the environment i wanted to train in for general psychiatric residency. unc psychiatry is at the forefront of innovative and evidence-based care, while also focusing on compassionate, patient-centered, and safe care for diverse and medically-complex patients. the training is rigorous and yet the collegiality of the trainees and faculty promote a very friendly and relaxed environment. ranking unc #1 was easily one of the best academic and professional decisions i’ve ever made. it is truly an honor to call my unc mentors and co-residents colleagues and friends!”rachel frische, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘19“i think we are a department that uniquely prioritizes resident education and i know that it is done with intention, so i appreciate you for the gift you have given us as trainees. dr. dawkins and li were monumental in me coming to unc, from the first contact i knew unc was a place that promoted directness and passion about education as well as collegiality and from my first impression now, looking back four years i can say that’s all come to fruition.”amanda sanders, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘21“i am so thankful for my time here at unc, not only for the great training and clinical expertise but also for all of the people i’ve gotten and know and work with along the way. when i interviewed here, i quickly picked up on the warmth and kindness and friendliness within our department and i think these things have been consistent through my time my years in training.”erin heimbach, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘21"the faculty in this department prioritize education and mentorship in a way that is remarkable. i have garnered such invaluable knowledge from a wide range of attendings here, and they tend to impart it in a way that is warm, enthusiastic, supportive, and fun. i enjoy and benefit from my attendings, department administration, co-residents, multi-disciplinary colleagues (including nursing, occupational therapy, recreational therapy etc.) and program staff so much - that was what i was most looking for in a program, and i can say without any reservations that i found it at unc." zachary cohen, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘21“i would like to thank all of the faculty. i have learned so much from all of you over the past four years. what i love the most about this program is i always appreciate the kind heartedness and humor that all the faculty managed to bring to their work. given all that we deal with regularly, the lightness made all the difference and i am so happy that i have been surrounded by that culture and that mindset during training.”erica hatch, mdgeneral adult residency, ‘21











from the chair

 the unc department of psychiatry has a distinguished history as national leaders and a commitment to excellence in our missions: clinical service, teaching, research and advocacy.  we are nationally and internationally recognized in each of these domains and have a passion for innovation, cutting-edge discovery, training the next generation of leaders in psychiatry and advocating for policy that improves the lives of the patients we serve.  this is a transformative time for psychiatry and behavioral health and we are extremely well poised to respond to the significant mental health needs facing our society. we are intentionally fostering belonging through our actions, our policies and our culture. whether you are looking for information about clinical programs, education and training, groundbreaking research, community engagement, or our new initiatives focused on mental health equity,   i welcome your interest in our exceptional department.
about us


connect




            twitter
            




            facebook
            




            youtube
            




tweets by uncpsychiatry 








visit unc psychiatry youtube channel










quick facts





638
faculty members



131
trainees


1,000+
alumni



1,352
publications


130
inpatient beds


7
specialized inpatient units


98,479
annual patient visits


$40,000,000
total grant funding





latest news













welcome, dr. alison roland to the bowles center for alcohol studies!
read more












welcome, dr. jennifer gates!
read more












dr. soniya richardson discusses suicide risk in black youth with wral news
read more












dr. joyce besheer discusses ozempic’s uses for substance use disorder with spectrum news
read more












dr. megan pruette speaks with abc about
read more





morenews






 




follow us:     contact us
   directions
   make a gift
 career opportunities
 psychiatry intranet
sitemap 











 © 2025 department of psychiatry

accessibility
privacy statement
intranet


notice of privacy practices
aviso de practicas privadas
nondiscrimination notice
aviso de no discriminacion


surprise billing and good faith estimate notices
avisos de facturas médicas sorpresas y avisos de presupuestos de buena fe













































 




