





home | borrelli's restaurant cafe & pizzeria






















 
























homemenuscateringeventsparty roomaboutorder onlineshopcontact






































live music



mobile pizza kitchen



book a party



reserve a table







psychic night



happy hour



gift certificates



e-mail sign up














name *


e-mail *

e-mail again *


phone *


birthday month *


anniversary month *

  








borrelli's restaurant cafe & pizzeria
borrelli's restaurant cafe & pizzeria, located at 1580 hempstead tpk, east meadow, ny, has been a neighborhood mainstay since opening its doors in 1955. 



borrelli's & the inn

🙏❤️ help us help others! ❤️🙏

			it is during difficult times when you truly see others step up to help those in need. borrelli's italian restaurant is honored to partner with the inn of long island, to help serve the hungry across our local communities, but we'll need your help!
			

			by making a donation to the inn on behalf of borrelli's, you will help further the inn's mission to serve hungry and homeless long islanders with meals provided by borrelli's.
			

			please help by donating through the link below, there is no amount too small to give. we sincerely appreciate everyone who has helped and continues to help us as we work through the next few difficult months.
			

			to donate securely, please click here.
			thank you from the bottom of our hearts,
			borrelli's restaurant & the inn ❤️


make a donation to your community

				make a donation of borrelli's! 100% of your donation will go towards meals for first responders, nurses, hospital staff, veterans, nursing homes, food banks, shelters, and anyone who's life puts them on the front line. we appreciate you and the entire community for helping out in this time of need. thank you, frank borrelli & family
			

make a secure donation via paypal with the "donate" button below.








borrelli's in the news
nassau coliseum (spencer hazen)
a long island family-owned restaurant reunites islanders fans
"we're going to borrelli's!" shouts frankie borrelli of east meadow, long island, tightly hugging his father, frank jr. borrelli, live-streaming during a new york islanders win. the video, which is a routine for the borrellis, captures the iconic father-son bond alongside the whirlwind emotions of watching an islanders playoff game. the phrase, coined by borrelli and synonymous with "we're going home," signifies an islanders win and a popular postgame destination to enjoy great italian food with fellow islanders fans who feel like family.
borrelli's restaurant in east meadow, long island was opened in the fall of 1955 by al, phil, and frank from naples, italy. the three brothers were a trifecta comprised of a pizza man, waiter, and cook who began serving the long island community with authentic italian cuisine and family-friendly service. with much success, the restaurant expanded in the 1960s, and in 1972, borrelli's had a new neighbor moving in that would transform the family-owned business forever: the newly built nassau coliseum. read more...
restaurant hunter

borrelli's in the pizza hall of fame

borrelli's featured on ny sports day

make events unforgettable
borrelli’s italian restaurant brings authentic italian food and excellent catering service to your special event! to help exceed the expectations of your guests, our menu options feature a wide range of italian favorites!
this all occasion party room available for weddings, showers, retirement parties, and business parties. call to book your next event, in our private room. 

order online



catering
your events are important, and at borrelli's, we want your event to be the best it can be.
view our catering menu
party room
borrelli's offers a private party room that holds up to 100 people, for all your private party needs.
view our private party room


facebook








borrelli's restaurant cafe & pizzeria

		i have been coming here since they opened (in 1955) and they have always been wonderful. i have never had a bad meal here.
		i have always recommended borelli's very highly and now i can also recommend rob as an excellent server.
	
bruce w. (yelp)
5
yelp
https://www.yelp.com/biz/borrellis-italian-restaurant-and-pizzeria-east-meadow-2

contact us








   italian cuisine

est. 1955  menu · lunch menu · catering menu 
 ●  ● 
borrelli's restaurant cafe & pizzeria   1580 hempstead tpk, east meadow, ny 11554    tuesday thru thursday, 11:00am to 10:30pm friday and saturday, 11:00am to 11:30pm sunday, 11:00am to 10:00pm open 6 days for lunch and dinner. phone: (516) 794-0190 fax: (516) 794-2109



catering

borrelli's restaurant cafe & pizzeria is proud to provide you with all your catering needs. whether you need meals for a party off premises (no party too big or too small!) or need a room to host your party, borrelli's has got you covered.

about borrelli's

in the fall of 1955 on a corner property in east meadow, long island a tradition was born. three brothers al, phil and frank from naples italy would open the doors for the first time to an establishment that has served the surrounding community and beyond for over 55 years. borrelli's restaurant has been part of our family tradition and has also become a tradition in many of your families as well.



customer reviews

borrelli's restaurant cafe & pizzeria

		i cannot say enough wonderful things about this amazing restaurant.  my wife and me were looking for a place to have our wedding’s rehearsal dinner. our family/friends group was almost 100 people so we a) needed to find a place that could accommodate us, b) find a place near the long island marriott (where everyone was staying) and c)find a place with delicious food and exceptional service.  borelli’s enthusiastically checks all 3 of these boxes.  foremost, their service staff and bartenders are out of this world.  amanda and courtney were our primary contacts and servers.  they worked tirelessly not only during our planning phase, but certainly during the event itself.  they really made everything perfect!  from helping us select the menu, to treating our guests like family…to never batting an eyelash when somebody needed something.  i really feel like everyone (owner/chef frank included) bent over backwards to make our dinner as special as it could possibly be.  the food was exceptional (chicken francesse, rigatoni with vodka sauce, meatballs, cheese tortellini, eggplant parmesan, and stuffed shrimp)!  i can’t recommend borelli’s highly enough.
	
andy lebon (google reviews)
5
google
https://www.google.com/maps/contrib/114867837055177522898/place/chij4zzqeox9wokrcnhrvv9srdq/@40.7488617,-73.750497,12z/data=!4m6!1m5!8m4!1e1!2s114867837055177522898!3m1!1e1?hl=en-us


borrelli's restaurant cafe & pizzeria

		this past weekend i hosted my sister's bridal shower at borrellis and it was beyond great. the staff was amazing and worked so hard to make sure my sister had the best day. the food and drinks were excellent. my guests were raving. they took proper precautions when it came to covid. the buffet had plexiglass in front which made guests feel safe. tables were spaced out 6 feet apart for social distancing. i highly recommend having your future party at borrellis.
	
hannah rowan (google reviews)
5
google
https://www.google.com/maps/reviews/@40.7225601,-73.5777793,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m6!14m5!1m4!2m3!1schzdsuhnmg9ns0vjq0fnsurdm29pegrreae!2m1!1s0x0:0xd4ad6c5fbdebd108?hl=en-us


borrelli's restaurant cafe & pizzeria

		i came here for a private event. the space was spacious and private. the service was attentive and courteous. the bar even has some beers on tap which i haven't seen at too many italian restaurants.
		i had the rigatoni with meat sauce followed by the veal parmigiana. both were delicious. the pasta and meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked. it had a great balance between savoriness and saltiness. the portions were handsomely generous.
	
joseph t. (yelp)
4
yelp
https://www.yelp.com/biz/borrellis-italian-restaurant-and-pizzeria-east-meadow-2


borrelli's restaurant cafe & pizzeria

		been going here since i was 5 years old and that is a few decades. still has the same mosaic wall i remember as a child so fond memories. i still remember one particular waiter who is long gone. food still tasty, service was good.
	
elle s. (yelp)
4
yelp
https://www.yelp.com/biz/borrellis-italian-restaurant-and-pizzeria-east-meadow-2



borrelli's taproom

visit our sister location in long beach



pizza from east meadow to long beach
borrelli's pizzeria opens a taproom on the west end combining well-loved food with beer.
posted may 21, 2023

the well-known and well-loved east meadow staple, borrelli's pizzeria, has taken its pizza and traveled down the meadowbrook parkway to open borrelli's taproom in long beach.



the taproom is located on the corner of beech street in long beach’s west end.


located on beech street in long beach's west end, borrelli's taproom features wood fired pizza and craft beer. taking the reins of the new location is stephen carbonaro, nephew of owner frank borrelli. 


"the opportunity came up for us for that location which was formerly the beach house which has been there for years and they were looking to get away from some of the crowds that they had and bring in some good food," borrelli said. "it was just a great opportunity for that area and we’re trying to mix the young and the old and combine it."


the new location opened may 1st with a comedy show and a selection of beer. this past weekend, they fired the brick oven up and started serving pizzas.

read more at the li herald...
mallory wilson & brendan carpenter, li herald






website, content and images copyright © of borrelli's restaurant cafe & pizzeria - 1955-2025 and beyond. all rights reserved. long island restaurant website design by andy's designs.




