




larchmont boulevard association








































home

directory
events
useful links

meet the lba

beautification
larchmont history
press
board members
larchmont profiles
membership benefits
pay membership dues
lba mixers
larchmont merchandise
make a donation
apply for membership


contact

  

















committed to supporting and promoting local businesses
in the heart of hancock park since 1965













home to larchmont village, one of la's most charming neighborhoods













you'll love what our little neighborhood has to offer













boutique shopping, one of a kind stores, and great walk ability.   






















beautification
our latest initiatives






larchmont family faircome and join the fun
oct 27






lba mixers
bi-monthly mixers for larchmont business owners
view photos













the heart of los angeles
larchmont boulevard has something for everyone






north larchmont is home to the junior league, gift and stationery stores, as well as an array of  beauty salons and spas, along with pet care, beauty salons and an array of dentists and doctors.





larchmont village offers a selection of boutique stores specializing in clothing, eyewear, skincare, footwear and more, along with an amazing cafe culture: cookies, coffee, pastries, ice cream, specialty sandwiches, italian food... we've got it all.





south larchmont runs through the elegant neighborhood of windsor square, which is committed to the preservation of their historically significant homes.













a little slice of heaven
come experience the magic of larchmont boulevard










support the lba
our newest lba family members








studio ar&d architects
424 n larchmont bl.
760-322-3339

						








larchmont neighbors
5627 melrose ave.
323-872-8139
instagram







































on location
filming on larchmont
interested in filming on larchmont?  contact lba filming coordinator john winther 310.704.5885











support the lba
join us


>read about the benefits of membership


make a donation

as a neighborhood non-profit 501c(6) merchant association we welcome your donations.














































































































the larchmont boulevard association (lba), organized in 1965, is a non-profit volunteer, cooperative organization of businesses, professional firms, and property owners, located primarily on larchmont boulevard.  the lba is committed to supporting and promoting our local businesses. 







 larchmontblvd@gmail.com




larchmont boulevard association
419 n. larchmont blvd. pmb 222
los angeles, ca 90004




get updates from the lbain your inbox














copyright © 2025.  billbonk.webdesign.com using a theme by themefisher.com


























