




 
        myrtle beach area chamber of commerce    





 















 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













l
o
a
d
i
n
g




annual meeting award nominations due feb. 28. submit a nomination.












 events calendar 

 business directory 

















menu


promotemarketing strategiesleading business of the monthnonprofit of the month
protectadvocacy newslegislative prioritiespublic officialskeep myrtle beach beautifulpartnership grand strand
improvejoin the chamberresource centerchamber academymoney-saving programsjob connectionsambassador programgrand strand young professionalsleadership grand strand
eventsevent calendarcommunity event calendarannual meeting & awardschamber accessignite women's conferencemember-to-member business exponetworking eventsribbon-cutting ceremony
newspublic relationslocal media contact list
aboutabout the areaabout usmbacc websites
login

 





 





















 



 















 






                                                    myrtle beach, south carolina                                                

                                                    promote                                                

                                            looking for ways to promote your business and get involved in the community? you’ve come to the right place! mbacc offers a wide variety of highly visible marketing opportunities to help you build your business.                                        












 


 






                                                    myrtle beach, south carolina                                                

                                                    protect                                                

                                            we work to protect the economic, civic and cultural well-being of the myrtle beach area.                                        












 


 






                                                    myrtle beach, south carolina                                                

                                                    improve                                                

                                            we're building a healthy economy and improving the quality of life in the myrtle beach area.                                        












 
 











join the chamber 

                    why join? it takes a lot to grow your business. and we've got what you need. when your company joins myrtle beach area chamber, you'll be able to take advantage of a wide range of marketing opportunities, connect with key decision-makers, and provide your staff with first-rate professional development opportunities.                 

 



business directory 

                    whether you're looking for a carpenter, plumber, car dealership, veterinarian or florist, our online business directory makes it easy to find the services and products you need. search myrtle beach area chamber's membership directory for businesses offering premier services throughout the grand strand.                 

 






 





 




protect the beach 
keep myrtle beach beautiful 

join us at one of our monthly cleanup and beautification events. 










free education sessions 
build your skills 

chamber academy features a wide range of seminars for businesses. these free classes are taught by fellow chamber investors and held in the chamber’s boardroom. 









 











​​​​quality business solutions payroll partnership
quality business solutions (qbs) offers an integrated solution to remove the weight of payroll administration from your plate, allowing you to focus your time and resources on growing your business.
chamber investors receive exclusive pricing on payroll management services. the qbs secure online system provides you and your employees with access to vital payroll information allowing you to run reports, print w-2s and view pay stubs all in one place, any time.


 






what's happening








                    february 11, 2025                




give the gift of life this valentine’s season at community blood drive on feb. 13 

                        show your love in a meaningful way this valentine&rsquo;s season by donating blood. on feb. 13, the myrtle beach area chamber of commerce (mbacc) is hosting a community blood drive from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the blood connection (tbc), 1217 38th ave. n., myrtle beach.

the drive is one of six...                    
 






 
                    january 31, 2025                




welcome new members - january 2025 

                        myrtle beach area chamber of commerce encourages investors to do business with other chamber members. please consider these new stakeholders the next time you have a need for products/services. new member&nbsp;referral? contact&nbsp;pam wright, business development manager, 843-916-7220. need to...                    
 















 

events 

                                    every year, myrtle beach area chamber of commerce hosts more than 400 events and programs designed to boost your business and improve our community. check out the full roster and sign up for an event today!                                

 





 

chamber academy 

                                    chamber academy features a wide range of seminars for businesses - marketing workshops, customer service seminars, technology workshops, small business forums and more. these free classes are taught by chamber investors.                                

 





 

job connections 

                                    job connections is your source for jobs with local myrtle beach area chamber of commerce businesses. it's a great place to find your dream career and a free site for chamber investors to post jobs. start job hunting today!                                

 









meet us and find out more





 



stacey lyon 

mbacc ambassador 







 



patrick norton 

2025 board chair 







 



david l. hood 

the law offices of david l. hood 
















                            about the myrtle beach area                        

                            myrtle beach, south carolina, is where cherished memories are made along 60 miles of beautiful coastline. savor our warm southern hospitality, fresh coastal cuisine, and our unique flavor of fun. visit myrtle beach - where happiness comes in waves.                         
discover myrtle beach 






















contact us

 1200 n. oak st.
	myrtle beach, sc 29577
 843-626-7444 / 800-356-3016
 email us

 









quick/helpful links

visitmyrtlebeach.com 
myrtlebeachareacvb.com 
grandstrandyoungprofessionals.com 
leadershipgrandstrand.com 
partnershipgrandstrand.com
keepmyrtlebeachbeautiful.com

 

email updates
sign up to receive mbacc updates in your inbox. we will never sell your personal information.
sign up for our newsletter 






copyright 2025. all rights reserved | privacy policy | accessibility statement
 










 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



