



























home - franciscan friars



















































 











english
español





(510) 536-3722




































 contact us
abuse section buttons make a donation
 












home
get involved

be a friar
be a secular franciscan
contact us
donate

fraternal care trust
legacy giving




who are we?

our history

saint francis of assisi
saint clare of assisi
saint junipero serra


franciscan spirituality
our franciscan family

first order (friars minor)
second order (poor clares)
third order (brothers and sisters of penance and tertiaries / secular franciscan order – ofs)
franciscan networks


community life
prayer life
ministerial life
leadership


what we do

ministries

mendicant ministry
retreat ministry
parish ministry
outreach ministry
native american ministry


international missions
franciscan school of theology (fst)
franciscans for justice
mausoleums & cemeteries


stay connected

contact us
province facebook
the way of st. francis magazine
in the news


vocations
victims assistance

office of pastoral outreach
policies
reporting abuse
frequently asked questions
list of credibly accused


 










 



slide 1
 






 



slide 2
small sample text







 



slide 3
 






 



slide 4
 






 



slide 5
 






 



slide 6
 






 



slide 7
 









 prayer · fraternity · joy · service
 








the franciscan friars of the province of st. barbara, part of what is formally known as the order of friars minor (ofm), are members of a roman catholic religious order of men. from a diversity of backgrounds and cultures, they are dedicated to serving the poor and promoting justice, peace, care of creation, and reconciliation. they do this in the joyful and prophetic spirit of st. francis of assisi.
the province of st. barbara, one of seven such ofm franciscan entities in the united states, was established in 1915. its members live and work in california, arizona, oregon, and washington, serving communities whose profiles cross ethnic, cultural and economic boundaries. friars also serve in a number of native american nations in the southwest, as well on mission to mexico, russia, and the holy land.
for more information, check out our video, “a day in the life of a franciscan,” featuring photography by peter jordan. click here to view.











 featured focus






 

 june 3, 2024
0






general bar dates & sexual abuse claim notice



united states bankruptcy court for the northern district of california oakland division in re franciscan friars of california, inc....




read more









 

 january 2, 2024
0






franciscan friars of california file for chapter 11 bankruptcy



press release from… franciscan friars of california, inc. press contact: stephen mangione assoc. inc. / steve mangione 914-403-4072 (c)...




read more









 

 february 24, 2022
0






statement from provincials on russian invasion of ukraine



provincial minister fr. david gaa has joined the provincial ministers of five provinces belonging to the order of friars...




read more





 



events no events scheduled at this time.
 







contact us franciscan friars
1500 34th avenue
oakland ca 94601
phone: (510) 536-3722
e-mail: *protected email*
website: https://sbfranciscans.org

office of mission integration and ministry support
website: https://franciscanmissionintegration.org
follow usprotecting god’s children: reporting abuse read more

our mission the franciscan friars of the saint barbara province are members of a roman catholic religious order, from a diversity of backgrounds and cultures, dedicated to serving the poor and promoting justice, peace, care of creation, and reconciliation in the joyful and prophetic spirit of st. francis of assisi.







© 2017 franciscan friars. all rights reserved.


					created by  








 
































