





andy wibbels – stuff you should know, stuff i should remember






































andy wibbels






my best postsportfolio of work








stuff you should know, stuff i should remember.

social networking’s sunset
fascinating piece from axios on the implications of meta redesigning facebook and instagram to be more like tiktok: the era in which social networking served as most users’ primary experience of the internet is moving behind us. that holds for twitter, facebook’s chief surviving western rival, as well… instead of the focus on what your […] 
july 25, 2022



wired magazine 1997: the long boom
twitter user hiermonyus burps linked to peter schwart and peter leyden’s july 1997 cover story for wired magazine, “the long boom.” the cover of the magazine had a bright yellow happy face declaring a 25 year boom of prosperity, freedom, and a better environment and saying, “you got a problem with that?” to whit: we […] 
november 21, 2021



explainer video: neural information retrieval search
how neural information retrieval search works and why it’s the future of search and data applications. 
october 30, 2019



explainer video: learning to rank
the second episode of our second season of explainer videos is up at work. in this epsisode we look at the popular machine learning technique learning to rank and how it uses user behavior and signals to refine search results: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2neum-tg6o you can binge-watch all of season two of lucid thoughts or jump on back to watch season […] 
october 22, 2019


how toyota does r&d
“another thing about toyota r&d, they have regional design houses, with the aim to ‘localized’ parts design as much as possible” 
november 25, 2018



does ai on mobile even matter yet?
“the difference of having a smartphone to an ‘artificially intelligent’ phone is like the difference of having a pet to a guide dog.” 
october 17, 2017



machine learning systems replacing legacy infrastructure systems
from ebnonline: “in the present scenario, revolutionized applications access multiple servers and databases, creating a flurry of machine-to-machine traffic like never before and altering conventional traffic patterns. additionally, in an era of digital transformations, with ever changing network usage pattern, ml enables network administrators to deploy intelligent and adaptive network infrastructures. these self-learning networks are […] 
october 17, 2017



augmented reality’s rapidly expanding into industrial applications
“a critical tool in industry for maintenance, training and general production operations.” 
october 17, 2017



how apple’s arkit and “world tracking” will advance augmented reality
mapping the 3d world with the iphone’s various sensors: “tech-wise, apple is basically using an advanced system of sensors and process to map digital objects into 3d space. it’s more than just a 2d camera overlay, but rather a complex network of new tech that measures everything from room dimensions to lighting effects in order to […] 
october 17, 2017



apple ceo tim cook: quality augmented reality impossible with current technology
from tweaktown: apple is indeed interested in the augmented reality (ar) market, but apple ceo tim cook recently delivered a bold affirmation that the technology to spin the illusion of high-end ar just isn’t here yet. until that technology hurdle is solved, apple will likely be out of the ar race, and mr. cook affirms […] 
october 17, 2017



older posts→












andy wibbels

		proudly powered by wordpress 







