


secrets of flirting with men - by mimi tanner






























dear beautiful friend,

did you know that flirting is almost never sudden, abrupt, or "in your face"?

the truth is, flirting is more like arousal. 

(there's no other way to describe flirting and tell the truth, so i had to say it!)


flirting is a delicious, warm feeling that grows like a flame once it starts.

so how does flirting start??

there are two kinds of flirting:

the kind without words (at first)...

and the kind that starts with a conversation.

it could be the most ordinary conversation. 

but soon he realizes... certain things about you.

and he feels... a certain way in himself by being around you.

even a man who rarely smiles... feels a smile coming on in spite of himself.

and then your conversation becomes a hint closer... just a little more personal... just a little more intense.

once that happens, you're well on your way to flirting and serious sparks of attraction.

it's really not about the words you say...

but it certainly helps to have some phrases in mind when your mind goes blank because your heart is pounding...


something that's just the right answer to whatever he says to you.


a relationship without flirting is a relationship going downhill.


a marriage without flirting has lost the excitement.


some people don't know where to begin. others claim to be great at flirting. 


but real flirting usually starts as a conversation. 


and somewhere along the line, he notices how pretty your eyes are. 


he likes how he feels in your presence. 


he gets interested in the little stories about your life. 


why? 


because there's something about talking to you that has made him feel alive. 


flirting makes a woman ten times more attractive to any man.... yet so few women flirt.

age has nothing to do with flirting. 


love makes teenagers of all of us, on the inside. especially when flirting is involved. 

even if you think of yourself as shy, don't let that stop you from finding out how to be alluring in your natural shyness. 

the thought of flirting can be scary when people are uncertain what to say or how to react.

yet deep inside we long to flirt, because flirting is tremendously thrilling!

flirting is seductive and exciting. it's the greatest fun you'll ever have.

flirting provides some of the most cherished and memorable moments of your entire life.

flirting is the reality behind all truly exciting romantic encounters between two people.

the bottom line is this:

flirting is the heart-racing ride that no one should miss out on!


but any woman can flirt. what's more, men love it! and they will love you for flirting with them.


i'm mimi tanner, the author of more than six books and programs on relationships,
and i write a longstanding email column for women about relationships.

since my earliest teens, i've been devouring every bit of information there is to find on the subject of male-female
relationships.

i deeply admire the "true greats" of relationship advice. some are very well known, and some not so well
known - over the past century. 


when i began to create books and programs of my own, i wanted to create a program about the "secrets of flirting
with men" - and that's exactly what i did.

why? because there were no books specifically about this. and the books i did find were full of very "unsubtle" ideas of flirting!

some books contained downright ridiculous
flirting lines that no woman in her right mind would ever want to say to a man!

they were the equivalent of going up to a total stranger and sitting in his lap while he's having lunch with his mother. 


you deserve to know the real score on how to flirt, so you can flirt with the very next man you speak to, or flirt with your husband later today!

"secrets of flirting" is the very first program of its kind - and it's still the very best.

just ask the thousands of people who own this program and who log in again and again.

if you ask me what's the main goal of "secrets of flirting," it's this: to make flirting super easy to
do - even if you're shy!

i've
done all the thinking for you so you don't have to struggle for the right words.

you will never, ever be at a loss for words when you're flirting.

you'll also know how to act - and react - to men who are flirting with you!

i've designed specific flirt with men formulas that will fit any situation, so you will know just what to do.


and for those times when you just need to know how to react to the crazy things and situations that may
come your way with the men in your life?


i've got that covered too. you will have at your fingertips some easy,
all-purpose phrases for those times when a man gets you too flustered to
think straight (we all know how that feels)!



the men in your life will thank you for this!


and best of all, when you learn how to flirt, the men in your life will be
overjoyed with the new, lighthearted way you interact with them.


a flirt makes herself happier and everyone around her happier too. 

flirting is something your man can never get enough of from you!

and you'll never run out of men - if you take my complete program to heart. 

if one romance ends, you can relax - because as a flirt, you will have a new romance in your life any time you desire one.

imagine how powerful it is to be able to conjure up love a hundred times easier than you can right now!


you'll discover: 

  how to flirt with men in any situation - easily!
you'll know exactly what to say, even in a situation completely out of the blue

  how to use the element of surprise in your flirting to become indispensable to your man's happiness

  how to look at him in the way that will focus his attention on you. he'll realize you're special,
but will never realize quite why- and that's exactly what you want

  how to project the emotion and attitude that causes him to want to be around you

  subtle flirting tips for the woman who feels she is "too shy" to flirt

  how to project innocence to get the attention and devotion of a man

  how to charm and flirt with your husband or boyfriend like never before - he'll wonder what
has happened to you but he'll love you for it! 

  the unspoken language of flirting: how to send him
the messages that matter most - without saying a word

  a flirting prop you may have never thought about that works every time

  easy ways you can practice your flirting-with-men skills to get ready for serious flirting with
guys where it counts

  how to move from flirting to a full blown romance

  the easy way to a lovely posture, because posture is the single most important message that
you're sending to the world about you

  the easy way to have a pleasant facial expression all the time (how to avoid the so-called
bitchy resting face like the plague!)

  how to have the body language of a master flirt

  how to avoid being overly intense while flirting so you don't scare a man off

  how to flirt with men very innocently but send some very hot messages at the same time. 

  exactly what attitude to project when you're standing close to him that is touching and seductive at the same time

  how to act in a way that will make the conversation instantly seem more intimate

  how to look at him in a way that will make it irresistible for him not to kiss you


  what to do when, in the middle of your encounter,
you realize that you misjudged this guy, and you need to get the heck away from this character.

  how to make sure you don't step over the line with any man (or make an enemy of a woman in his
life - the one you didn't know about soon enough!)

  how to deny, deny, deny that you were flirting with him (if you find yourself in hot water
because you flirted almost too well)

  the core secret of flirting that matters more than all the others - knowing this one secret
alone will transform the way you relate to men forever

  how to flirt and get away with it and still be perfectly innocent

  how to be gracious if you must say "no thanks" to a man who is interested in you

  how to have a hypnotic effect on a man 

  how to appear to be momentarily intrigued but not too serious

  secret, subtle gestures that give you magic and charm with him without him ever realizing
it; he'll just know he thinks you're charming

  how to get inside a man's head and meet his deepest psychological needs - and they are not
what you think!

recommended by the best!

"secrets of flirting" is recommended highly by relationship experts such as michael webb!

michael webb is known as the world's most romantic man. he has appeared on the oprah winfrey show and countless other radio and television
appearances. mr. webb is highly respected by his colleagues and is also one of the first writers of relationship advice and programs
to be available on the internet.

"secrets of flirting" is also recommended by author bob grant, who is a licensed professional counselor
and the best-selling author of many books on marriage, dating, and relationships. bob grant is well
known to women readers all over the world for his legendary insights.






get the "secrets of flirting with men"
			you'll love the flirting formulas!









even if you're a married or in a long-term relationship, you'll benefit immensely from "flirting with men"
because you'll find out how to charm and excite your husband, and will bring intense, new sparks to the home-fires of your marriage.

yes, you can discover how to flirt with a man - any time, any place, and with anyone! yes, anyone!

your charms can and will become so fun that they should be illegal!

and of course, be very sure that no one else gets their hands on your secret information!


fact: you'll never find this exact in-depth information in any other ebook, book, course, or manual. 

fact: this is the original flirting program that written specifically *just for women*!

other flirting books are written for both men and women, or just for men... but not this one.

this way, i can discuss "woman to woman" secrets that, frankly, we really don't want men to know.  (sorry, guys!)


and please be aware of one thing:

this program is not for just anyone!

yes, you heard that correctly. here's why: 

i really don't want to pass these secrets on to anyone who doesn't recognize their value. 

so please - if you don't really want to take the time to discover everything you can about attracting and
flirting with men, including some methods that may surprise you, do not sign up, sweetie-cakes!

this program is for women who want to approach life with the spirit of fun - and who want to know
everything they can about flirting and attracting men. 

so let me ask you an important question: 


when is the last time you flirted?


do you confidently know what to do and what not to do?

do you have something handy to say in any situation? 

do you know how to flirt even when you're nervous? i'll show you how to make flirting as easy as breathing.
by the time you finish my program, you'll be able to flirt on autopilot.


you know that saying, "she seems to have an answer for everything"?

after going through this unique system, when it comes to flirting, you will have an answer to everything!

everything about flirting, that is. you will have something to say in any situation. and i do mean any.

yes, even "witty comebacks" will be automatic responses. 

you won't even have to reach for a cheat sheet in your purse, either! 


here's exactly what you'll receive

  the complete flirting formulas: exactly what to say and do
			
  how you look and move - the messages you send to men

  the body language of the master flirt

  a man's advice on keeping him interested

  the flirting prop

  tips of the master flirt

  the true femme fatale


  how to flirt in special situations

  how to flirt in a relationship

  the unique bonus guidebook: "how to meet more men than you ever dreamed possible"

  the unique bonus guidebook: "how to have a hypnotic effect on a man"

  and much more is yours immediately!


these flirting sessions are all on a private website, and you will enjoy them at any time that is convenient for you, day or night!

you even have years of access to this program, so you can return to it at any time. 

you'll get the flirtatious mindset just by logging in from time to time - and you'll enjoy every minute of it! 

and best of all, the men in your life will be gratified with the new, lighthearted way you interact with them. 


announcing a very special bonus


i'm also giving you my treasured "secret" bonus guide: "how to have a hypnotic effect on a man and
meet his deepest psychological needs."

this precious manual reveals how to meet your man's hidden psychological needs and become the woman he can't
stop thinking about - and the woman he can trust with his own deepest revelations. 

of course, no actual hypnosis is used, but the effect on your man will be the same as if you have him under your spell - for life.

why? because you will be meeting his deepest psychological needs.

and they're not what you might be thinking! this is not about "appreciation"! you already know that men want to be appreciated!

and when you use these truths not only with men, but with everyone in your life, you'll find that your life goes
more smoothly, with less resistance from others, and that you will become more loved and sought after than you have ever been before.

let flirting take you from nice to charming!


does this program work?  the history of this program speaks for itself.  here's what i mean.

this program began with a small group of women.  a month later, it was released to the general public.

more and more women started signing up.  my signature slogan became, "keep your flirt on!" and this is why! 

fast forward to now: women still log in to secrets of flirting, year in and year out.

every day we get emails from women who want to log back in for a refresher course! 

secrets of flirting contains more material than you'll get at a dating seminar.

i'm tremendously excited about it, and proud of it.  

now you don't have to tell anyone you own this program.  it will be our little secret... i promise not to tell.


flirting the easiest possible way


in secrets of flirting, everything is all figured out for you.

my mission is to make flirting easy for you - as easy as humanly possible.  

you have my word that as you move through this program, flirting becomes second nature to you,
even if you've never flirted in your life.  

it all makes sense.  something as fun as flirting not only makes logical sense.... 

...it's as easy as ordering your favorite flavor of ice cream. 

you know exactly what to say.  you know exactly what to do.  and you have a lot of fun in the process. 

you go from nice to charming.  

and here's what's even better:

you're fun to be with.

and isn't that the highest compliment there is?  "she's fun to be with."


now... small request: it will mean so much to me if you send me an email and let me know about the results you're getting.  

some of the most meaningful emails i receive are the ones from the women who have
been quietly putting into practice these methods, and then write me after they've been happily married for a while.

it's always a wonderful, lovely surprise to get an email like this. 

so tell me....

are you ready to go from nice to charming?  let's get started together. 

it's my mission here to make flirting as easy as humanly possible - and for flirting to be the game changer in your love life!



what people are saying




"mimi, i used your flirting techniques from the time i entered the restaurant. ... it worked.

"i had one guy who was crazy about me, then another guy told me i was sooo attractive and hot. he told me to
dump the guy on my right who i had been talking and laughing with.


"then two guys just kept smiling at me and came over to talk to me.

"your flirting works and i had the greatest time. i have never quite acted this way and i know it works."

--from a flirting secrets member


"hi mimi, i can't tell you how much your emails and your "flirting with men secrets" that i purchased have made a difference to my life."

--from a flirting secrets member


"dear mimi,

"i just wanted you to know that ever since i started receiving your emails (just 1 month), and taking the flirting secrets course,
i feel so much better about myself, and i always walk around with a smile.

"previously i had one very pathetic long distance relationship. now i have 3 guys interested in me.

"i must admit, i was skeptical at first, but now i think that everyone needs to know that your advice really works. thank you so much."

--from a flirting secrets member


"mimi, when i first signed up for your flirting class, i laughed at myself, because at my age (56), i thought
i knew it all....come to find out after being married for 27 years to the same man before he passed away, i knew
nothing about the outside dating world, flirting was unheard of as only the easy, wicked women did that sort of
thing...anyway i have dated off and on but your most recent article really hit home. i re-read your flirting
manual and have been practicing... i keep learning more and more each day and i know i don't have to settle for just any man."

--from a flirting secrets member


"mimi: i'm putting certain tips into practice and it's amazing how men respond! i'm practicing on my
housemate - he's a friend - and i don't think he's any the wiser! i used to think i couldn't flirt - but a
lot of the stuff you said made me realise that it's what i've been doing all along!"

--from a flirting secrets member


these notes from secrets of flirting members are powerful - and they certainly mean a lot to me, too! 


try out the secrets of flirting for a full 30 days and see if it doesn't change your whole
approach to interacting with the people you care about.

 
and just imagine how you'll feel when you realize that what i'm telling you works even better than
i've let on... you're going to be very happy.


so click the button to join me and i'll see you in the members area of secrets of flirting!







get the "secrets of flirting with men"
			you'll love the flirting formulas!









bring out your natural flirt, even if you have no idea what to say or do!

 

 
 
copyright © mimi tanner. all rights reserved.  |  privacy  |  contact us
 






