
















digital library of georgia











skip to search
skip to main content




























digital library of georgia













home


search



            explore
          

items and collections
collections
serials
counties
institutions
map
featured collections
dlg exhibits







              teach
            

educator resources
national history day galileo
new georgia encyclopedia
georgia exhibits
using dlg materials
reusable materials




              participate
            

archivesspace hosting
contribute your collections
nominate collections
subgranting program
services for partners
services for public libraries
documentation and reports
presentations and workshops
promotional materials



donate



              connect
            

contact us
blog
listserv
newsletter
facebook




              about
            

harmful content
mission, guiding principles, and goals
collection development policy
dlg partners and sponsors
dlg and me
dlg api



















search records and full text


records
full text

records and full text


search
















searching help

×



select "records and full text" to search both the metadata and available full text.
select "records" to search only metadata for items. (all items have metadata.)
select "full text" to search only the scanned or transcribed text for items. (not all items have full text)
use quotation marks to search as a phrase
use "+" before a term to make it required (otherwise results matching only some of your terms may be included)
use "-" before a word or phrase to exclude
use "or", "and", and "not" (must be capitalized) to create complex boolean logic
you can use parentheses in your complex expressions
truncation and wildcards are not supported



this search
will find




“floyd jillson”
records that have the name floyd jillson


girl scouts +low
records with the word low that also contain girl and/or scouts


brunswick -stew
records with the word brunswick but not the word stew


“african american” and art
records containing the phrase “african american” and art


bread and (butter or fruit)
records containing the words bread and butter or bread and fruit





close








a gateway togeorgia’s history






explore the digital library of georgia







collections

explore our collections.






counties

find content from georgia's 159 counties.






free to use

see items licensed for reuse.






institutions

browse collections from dlg partner institutions.









featured collections








new



civil rights



newspapers










dekalb county plat map books, years 1912-1936


dekalb history center (decatur, ga.)

ten dekalb county plat map books dating from 1912-1936, containing maps that show various subdivisions, streets, and property owner names throughout dekalb county, created by the dekalb county government for showing boundaries of properties for tax purposes. each book contains approximately 100 maps.









city of savannah municipal archives funeral programs	


city of savannah municipal archives

funeral programs documenting the funeral services of residents, primarily african american, who were connected to the savannah, georgia community.








suwanee first methodist church historic documents


suwanee first united methodist church (suwanee, ga.)

historic documents created by suwanee first methodist church (suwanee, ga.) leaders that reflect the church’s history from the 1880s through the 1950s, including vital statistics (records of marriages, infant baptisms, and dates of death) before the state of georgia began retaining such information in 1919.








chase street parent teacher organization (pto) scrapbooks


athens-clarke county library

seventeen scrapbooks, a newsletter, and a photo album spanning almost 100 years of the chase street elementary school in athens, georgia, dating from 1926-2000 and containing records of the school’s parent-teacher organization (pto) from 1926-early 2000s.








civil rights digital library

      the struggle for racial equality in the 1950s and 1960s is among
      the most far-reaching social movements in the nation's history,
      and it represents a crucial step in the evolution of american
      democracy. the civil rights digital library promotes an enhanced
      understanding of the movement by helping users discover primary
      sources and other educational materials from libraries, archives,
      museums, public broadcasters, and others on a national scale. the
      crdl features a collection of unedited news film from the wsb
      (atlanta) and walb (albany, ga.) television archives held by the
      walter j. brown media archives and peabody awards collection at
      the university of georgia libraries. the crdl provides educator
      resources and contextual materials, including freedom on film,
      relating instructive stories and discussion questions from the
      civil rights movement in georgia, and the new georgia
      encyclopedia, delivering engaging online articles and multimedia.
    

      crdl is a partnership among librarians, technologists, archivists,
      educators, scholars, academic publishers, and public broadcasters.
      the initiative received support through a national leadership
      grant for libraries awarded to the university of georgia by the
      institute of museum and library services.
    


        visit the civil rights digital library








        your browser does not support the video tag.
      







georgia historic newspapers

      georgia's print media history began in 1763 with the establishment of the
      state's first newspaper, the savannah gazette. considered history's "rough
      draft," newspaper journalism has wide ranging impact. beyond a reporting of
      facts, newspapers reflect the social and cultural values of the time in
      which they were compiled and as such, are invaluable to scholars and the
      general public alike. these publications document not only cities and
      counties throughout the state, but also record the activities of the state's
      various ethnic, religious, and educational groups.
    

      the georgia historic newspapers portal provides free, full-text searchable
      access to over 1 million pages of georgia newspaper content dating from 1763
      to 1968. newspaper titles are regularly digitized and added to the archive.
    

      the georgia historic newspapers database is a project of the digital library
      of georgia as part of georgia homeplace. the project is supported with
      federal lsta funds administered by the institute of museum and library
      services through the georgia public library service, a unit of the board of
      regents of the university system of georgia. additional support has been
      made available by the r.j. taylor foundation, flint energies, and a number
      of other local foundations and public libraries.
    


        see all the newspaper issues or collections digitized by dlg.
      



        visit the georgia historic newspapers site.
      

















our partners & sponsors









































dlg and me







coming full circle: building scrapbooks for a dedicated library trustee using georgia historic newspapers
  lace keaton, director of the newton county library system, shares her staff's experience building a scrapbook for a dedicated library trustee and public servant using the digital library of georgia and georgia historic newspapers as resources.



online exhibit intern inspired by georgia lgbtq+ artists in the dlg
  sarah mayo, ph.d. candidate in english at the university of georgia, shares her experiences preparing for her exhbit display by researching georgia lgbtq+ history and experiences in the dlg.





flannery o’connor’s appearances in the georgia catholic diocesan paper the bulletin
  from 1956 to 1964, georgia writer flannery o'connor regularly contributed to the book reviews section of the georgia catholic diocesan paper the bulletin, that show her intellectual engagement with catholicism.



how the dlg helps the georgia senate press office conduct its research
  andrew allison, director of the georgia senate press office, describes how he and his staff use the digital library of georgia to perform research to fulfill the communication needs of georgia's fifty-six state senators and to produce the parliamentary inquirer, the monthly newsletter produced by the senate press office.










potentially harmful content

×



some content (or its descriptions) found on this site may be harmful and difficult to view. these materials may be graphic or reflect biases.  in some cases, they may conflict with strongly held cultural values, beliefs or restrictions. we provide access to these materials to preserve the historical record, but we do not endorse the attitudes, prejudices, or behaviors found within them.


find out more
close










home
about
accessibility
digital public library of america
georgia historic newspapers
civil rights digital library



some content (or its descriptions) found on this site may be harmful and difficult to view. these materials may be graphic or reflect biases.  in some cases, they may conflict with strongly held cultural values, beliefs or restrictions. we provide access to these materials to preserve the historical record, but we do not endorse the attitudes, prejudices, or behaviors found within them. read our statement on potentially harmful content.
the digital library of georgia is part of the galileo initiative and located at the university of georgia libraries
          © 2025 digital library of georgia










 






