








	u.s. army corps of engineers, honolulu district


















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
honolulu district  website










®








           about
        



           mission and vision
        
 

           leadership
        
 

           history
        
 

           faq
        
 

           offices and units
        



           engineering & construction division
        



           cqm classes
        
 



           programs & project management division
        
 





           missions
        



           civil works
        



           civil works projects
        
 

           public documents
        
 

           public notices
        
 



           military
        
 

           interagency & international services
        
 

           environmental
        



           fuds
        
 

           mmrp
        
 



           real estate
        
 

           emergency response
        



           hawai‘i-wildfires
        
 



           regulatory
        



           permits
        



           nationwide permits
        
 

           permit requirements
        
 

           pre-application consultation
        
 

           mitigation
        
 



           jurisdictional determination
        
 

           enforcement
        
 

           wetlands
        
 

           appeals
        
 

           public notices
        



           electronic notification registration
        
 



           source book
        
 

           office locations
        
 

           freedom of information act
        
 

           frequently asked questions
        
 

           announcements
        
 





           media
        



           news releases
        
 

           public notices
        
 

           speakers bureau
        
 

           foia
        
 

           news
        
 



           contact
        



           usace office locator
        
 

           rss
        
 



           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 

           pacific regional visitor center
        
 



           careers
        



           how to apply
        
 

           abc's of usajobs
        
 

           equal opportunity office
        



           eeo regulations
        
 

           reference links
        
 

           sexual harassment
        
 

           complaint process
        
 





           business with us
        



           office of small business programs
        
 

           contracting division
        
 


































01
waikoloa maneuver area public meeting
the u.s. army corps of engineers held an in-person meeting to seek public review and input of the proposed plan for the munitions response site (mrs)...

view details















02
usace honolulu district 2025 guam saipan trip
dångkulu na si yu’us ma’åse’ to the gracious people of guam and saipan for hosting usace honolulu district leadership and staff.

usace honolulu...
















03
usace honolulu district 2025 guam saipan trip
dångkulu na si yu’us ma’åse’ to the gracious people of guam and saipan for hosting usace honolulu district leadership and staff.

usace honolulu...

view details















04
kahaluu bay ecosystem restoration project study public meeting
usace, honolulu district civil works program, and the hawaii county department of parks and recreation, in partnership with the kohala center’s...

view details















05
usace honolulu district staff recipients of numerous small business and excellence in contracting awards - 2 [image 2 of 3]
tristin suetsugu (second from right), honolulu district chief of contracting, receives an award from lieutenant general william h. graham (second...

view details















06
honolulu district wins two awards at 2024 usace national award ceremony
lieutenant general william h. graham (far left), 56th chief of engineers and commanding general, u.s. army corps of engineers and command sergeant...

article















07
aviation units operations building groundbreaking ceremony
army officials and local leaders break ground with traditional hawaiian o’o sticks at wheeler army airfield on sept. 25, 2024. the groundbreaking...

article















08
mission maui: how usace engineered lahaina's remarkable debris cleanup
a u.s. army corps of engineers contractor removes debris from a residence in lahaina, hawai‘i, feb. 1. usace is overseeing the debris removal mission...

view details















09
dredging underway at honolulu harbor
maintenance dredging began july 22, 2024 at the honolulu harbor, located on the southern coast of the island of o‘ahu, by the u.s. army corps of...

view details
project page























⟵ previous dredging underway at honolulu harbor
usace honolulu district 2025 guam saipan trip next ⟶















click here for the most up-to-date news and information about usace's hawai‘i wildfires response efforts.


















an error has occurred.
error:  is currently unavailable.









district news






army corps hosts public meeting to discuss tafuna flood risk management study

                1/29/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), honolulu district, in partnership with the american samoa department of public works (dpw), is hosting a public meeting and open house to provide updates on...
            





honolulu district employee dr. david nguyen co-publishes international standard

                12/26/2024 
            

                david nguyen, phd, a new project manager within honolulu district’s programs and projects civil and public works section, recently co-published an international standard with the international...
            





usace honolulu district staff  recipients of numerous  small business and excellence in contracting awards 

                11/20/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers honolulu district contracting office earned multiple honors for excellence in contracting and small business partnerships during the excellence in contracting awards...
            





honolulu district wins two awards at 2024 usace national award ceremony

                11/13/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, honolulu district received national recognition in two different categories this year awarded during 2024 usace national award ceremony: usace project delivery team...
            


u.s. army corps of engineers extends public comment period for shoreline protection plan at agat mayor compound

                11/1/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers honolulu district is extending the public comment period for the draft integrated feasibility report and environmental assessment for shoreline protection at the agat...
            





honolulu district hosts 30th annual fun run/walk and safety day

                10/18/2024 
            

                honolulu district staff and family members participated in the district’s 30th annual fun run/walk and safety day october 18, 2024...
            


u.s. army corps of engineers invites public comment on shoreline protection plan at agat mayor compound

                9/26/2024 updated


                the u.s. army corps of engineers honolulu district, in partnership with the guam bureau of statistics and plans and the guam department of public works, has released a draft integrated feasibility...
            


usace completes residential debris removal in lahaina, commercial properties 64% cleared

                9/25/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, in partnership with federal, state, and local agencies, has completed debris removal from all residential properties devastated by the august 2023 wildfires in...
            





acting asd rebecca zimmerman tours lahaina recovery

                9/12/2024 
            

                acting assistant secretary of defense for homeland defense and hemispheric affairs, rebecca zimmerman, visited maui august 29, 2024 where she visited key project sites and met with key leaders to...
            





usace clearing debris from final residential properties in lahaina

                8/26/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), in partnership with federal, state, and local partners, is pleased to announce that debris removal on the last single- and multi-unit residential properties...
            







view more












recent public notices






proposed plan public meeting waikoloa maneuver area fuds munitions response site: areas a and g

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), honolulu district is seeking public input on the proposed plan for munitions response site (mrs) areas a west, a east, and g within the former waikoloa...
            


special public notice: pacific ocean honolulu (poh) nationwide permit regional condition modification

                the purpose of this notice is to announce an update to the nationwide permit (nwp) regional conditions (rcs) as they pertain to the united states army corps of engineers (usace), honolulu district,...
            


kahaluu bay aquatic ecosystem restoration study

                interested parties are hereby notified that the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), honolulu district and the hawaii county department of parks and recreation, in partnership with the kohala...
            


special public notice: pacific ocean division regulatory action prioritization

                the purpose of this notice is to provide an update on the regulatory program of the united states army corps of engineers (usace), pacific ocean division, alaska district and honolulu district...
            


waikoloa maneuver area fuds fall 2024 restoration advisory board meeting

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, honolulu district is holding a restoration advisory board meeting for the waikoloa maneuver area formerly used defense site, or fuds, located on the island of hawaii,...
            







view more


























connect with us! 












facebook


x





















u.s. army corps of engineers (usace)









usace pacific ocean division















essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the honolulu district  website
this is the official public website of the honolulu district, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, write to cepoh-pa@usace.army.mil













accessibilitycontact usquality factslink disclaimerno fear actprivacy & securitysite mapusa.goveeo & sharpplain languageopen governmentsmall business


rssigfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil













