




  


















		
		carpet cleaning machines - auckland & nz wide | rug doctor
		

	
















toggle navigation




rug doctor




cart (0)



your cart is empty. 
start shopping!
click to start shopping!







buy


hire


pro commercial


why us


blog


support


contact


login







home










rug doctor new zealand's most trusted carpet cleaner
hire a rug doctor
buy a rug doctor

















store locator
looking to hire a machine? our carpet cleaners are available in auckland, wellington, christchurch, dunedin, hamilton, rotorua and every other town in new zealand.
find your nearest stockist now









cost calculator
use our free cost calculator to see how much hiring a rug doctor can save you money! see for yourself now.
calculate the hire cost now
















why choose us?

with over 40 years of service to new zealand families and businesses, our carpet cleaning machines are perfect for carpet and upholstery cleaning especially when it comes to carpet stain removal. rug doctor is the carpet care expert and a trusted kiwi brand.
why rug doctor











know the value of rug doctor





powerful, compact, easy to use carpet cleaning machines.



friendly, helpful customer service hotline anytime there's a question.



regularly maintained to make sure each hire machine is in peak condition.





professional cleaning products for a better, longer lasting clean.



convenient rug doctor carpet cleaner hire locations nationwide.

sign up to our newsletter
                
rug doctor offer carpet cleaning prices that can’t be beat!









                    "what a fantastic machine i found the rug doctor to be, the carpets and upholstery came up great. just in the lounge suite alone, i didn't realise how much dirt there was. everything looks like new again."
                  

a. taylor, auckland










×close
sign in


sign in










forgotten your password?
need to register?

login



























testimonials
terms and conditions
privacy policy
disclaimer
about
datasheets



copyright © 2025 rug doctor.managed by central station












