








cedar hill cemetery, hartford, ct, was established in 1864

































 


















cedar hill cemetery


cedar hill cemetery & foundation
skip to content




home

home
visitor information
cedar hill cemetery map
cemetery rules and regulations
search burials


about

about
architecture
grounds
monuments
monument restoration


services

services
cremation scattering in jacob’s way
flowers & horticultural services
scheduled funeral services


crematory
memorialization
heritage

heritage
notables


foundation

foundation
events


newsletter
contact
 







welcome to cedar hill cemetery
established in 1864, more than 35,000 people have chosen cedar hill cemetery as their final resting place. encompassing 270 acres, cedar hill serves as an incomparable sanctuary for each of these people as well as for memorial artworks, hartford history, welcomed wildlife, and the many visitors who come to remember loved ones and tour the grounds.
since its establishment, cedar hill’s mission has been to provide “the promise of rest and peace for the dead, satisfactory to the most cultivated taste of the living and made forever secure as a sacred trust in the care of a perpetual corporation.”
in 1999, cedar hill cemetery foundation was established to preserve the art, history and natural resources of hartford’s historic cedar hill cemetery in perpetuity.
the foundation, which is a private, nonprofit organization, accomplishes its mission by restoring and preserving the historic architecture, restoring and preserving the historic memorial artworks, caring for the picturesque trees and plants, preserving the natural resources and wildlife, and offering arts, culture and heritage programming to the community.
cedar hill cemetery & foundation work together to preserve this beautiful, historic and unique place of remembrance to ensure it continues to welcome visitors for generations to come.
today, cedar hill’s board of directors and staff continue to identify new ways to maintain the cemetery’s high standards of service and safeguard its heritage.
to learn more about cedar hill’s world of art, culture, history and nature, call, email or visit cedar hill cemetery.
 


comments are closed.







search for:



hours the cemetery gates are open from 7:00 am to 8:00 pm, april through september, and from 7:00 am to 5:00 pm during all other months. 

office hours:
monday - friday 8:00am -4:00pm
offices are located in the northam memorial chapel (left of the entryway)
covid-19 funeral assistance under the coronavirus response and relief supplemental appropriations act of 2021 and the american rescue plan act of 2021, fema is providing financial assistance for covid-19 related funeral expenses incurred after january 20, 2020. for additional information, click here.

cemetery map download a cemetery map

search burials through a partnership with cemeteryfind cedar hill offers public access to burial listings, including a mapping feature. clicking on the link cemeteryfind.com  will take you to the website.

cemetery practices rules & regulations





guide to visitors brochure click here to download a printable version of our  guide to visitors  brochure. 


 






 board of directors  |  employment |  staff  |  volunteer
© cedar hill cemetery. all rights reserved. site by: your internet marketing strategist







