
sudoku online.



























 







home
 
puzzles
 
solvers
 
archives
 
competitions
 
techniques
 



 
 
news
 
contact
 
puzzle packs
 
publication
 
crosswords
 
codewords













home
•















 

 


 


 

























to get the daily sudoku, jigsaw and killer which you can print out ....


please click on the competitions tab - or click here (advance puzzles)


 
 
 


daily telegraph sudoku - play online now
 


sudoku worksheets are here


take part in our daily online sudoku competition or just solve for fun !









interactive sudoku solver
our new interactive sudoku solver will take you step by step through the process of solving a sudoku puzzle using up to 36 different methods.

learn how to solve sudoku and other puzzles
                  whether you are just starting or a seasoned expert, there will always be something for you on this site. our lively forums host discussions of various techniques and answer your puzzle related questions. sudoku solving pdf
sudoku tutorials and more
with our experience in puzzles we have compiled the best tutorials to help you learn to solve even the toughest of puzzles. for more information click here.




our interactive solver teaches you new methods and techniques or just helps you with that tricky puzzle.











puzzle packs
                  puzzle packs are a great way to get your monthly fix of our expertly graded puzzles. each puzzle pack contains 50 puzzles (25 in case of samurai) and is in pdf format. 

we offer puzzle packs of sudoku, killer sudoku, jigsaw sudoku, kakuro and samurai.
















want an online player for your site?
we are able to offer online players in flash or javascript for you to integrate into your website. please make your enquiry by clicking here.

puzzles to include in your publication
we supply puzzles to many publications including the daily telegraph, new york times and chicago tribune. please contact us for details of the complete service that we are able to provide.











need help with your puzzle solving
                  in addition to our solvers we also offer utilities to help you solve various puzzles. one example is our killer/kakuro possible value calculator.
you can call up our possible value calculator by clicking here




 







online sudoku - play sudoku online now. all grades available. 








play jigsaw sudoku online








play killer sudoku online








play kakuro online





 


 


 


 








home page
•



















website design by splash software ltd  copyright
2009


