











home page for teacard.com




















 





 


















 




























    
              




 






 









stuff for sale!   
            i have tons of stuff on my site, like a set of j. lyons canadian centennial cards
            or several different sets of lamberts cards including cacti, historic east anglia, past and present as well as pond life. other stuff 
            includes original artwork, rare lipton '91 dino cards (loose or set), sets of the original 17 series and so much more.
            just drop me a line and tell me what you are looking for....

the latest!
continuing with my work on the individual images of red rose cards, i have added the complete oceans set to the red rose tea cards by series. in the same vein, i updated the artists of red rose 
	    to better reflect all the additional images from series 14. 
the links page was getting a bit dusty so i updated it. tea card links has been updated.
i've updated the tuckfield bird card page with examples of all 36 variations. 
                tuckfield, kinkara and copper kettle bird card variations, the descriptions were good but a picture is better.
i've added a new set of canadian cards from g. e. barbour called fathers of confederation, made for the 1967 
               canadian centennial in the non rr tea cards section.
i've added a new set of british lyon's maid cards from 1963, the 
              space exploration lolly cards.   
            
i retired in january of '23 and have been living it up ever since. but i decided to get back on the stick and get more sets of card pics available to you. it is 
            a lot of work but i'm sure you agree its worth the effort. i previously completed the single cards for series 1 thru 5 and later added series 6 tropical birds, 7 african animals, 8 butterflies, 
            9, canadian / american songbirds, 10 transportation, 11 trees and 12 spage age to the pile. i have just completed series 13, north american wildlife in danger. it was all the rarest creatures. this means that in the listings for 1 thru 
            13, every one has a matching picture of the tea card now, front and back. the different variations are represented as well. 
            red rose tea cards by series. 
i completed working on the sets issued by lamberts of norwich. although many sets were issued, i highlight four 
            different sets by showing you what each 25 card set looked like... card by card.  i think you will learn that the sets issued by lambert are quite nice indeed. 
it's happened! it took quite a bit of work but i have finally completed a good sized section about nwf!  you know, the national wildlife federation... it's long overdue. why? 
            because nwf is the reason we have red rose tea cards. it's true! you'll see when you check it out. n.w.f.. 
i've done some nice research on the variations of series 1 cards. you can say for sure which was issued first. check out the first series variations. 

what is teacard.com all about?
teacard.com is here to be a source of information about tea cards in general and specifically to be a resource about brooke bond's red rose tea cards 
               in the us and canada.  
you can work your way through the site but if you came here to check out info on  red rose tea cards  and want to get going, click the link. maybe you need info on the different 
red rose series that were issued, then click here. otherwise, 
               check out the navigation bars on your left and start exploring!

what is teacard.com not about?
i'm afraid teacard.com has nothing to do with the current canadian red rose company. if you want to sign up for one of their promotions, i suggest you 
               go to www.redrosetea.ca/ and check them out.  
want to contact either red rose canada or red rose us? click here 
are you interested in wades? this site has nothing to do with them but you can go to a links page i maintain about them by clicking here.  
               wades  
many the bloke has tried to contact tuckfield tea through me. i wish i had an inside, but i don't.  ;-)

why have a web site?
i really enjoy collecting red rose tea cards and learning all i can about what was offered around the cards. it's fun to swap stories and to be a 
	       resource when a question needs to be answered.  
i am always looking to buy cards and unusual items. i am usually willing to trade as well. buying red rose cards and more... 

is this a new site?
no, i had a site up and running on america online for a few years but moved it here when i decided i was having a lot of fun with people on-line. i have 
	       discontinued the old site but have brought the interesting content over. 

do many people visit here?
yes, quite a few. the old site had just shy of 6000 visitors. we started fresh again here back on 05/08/2000. granted, anyone can make numbers on a counter, 
	       but just for fun, you are visitor number   
      
      
 welcome to the web site. take your shoes off..... set a spell. 

did anyone else help with this site?
yes, i owe an awful lot to two people. the first is my wife, thanks tina, for all of the support you have given me with this hobby that i enjoy so much. second, 
	      thanks to a great friend whom i only met after dealing with him for over seven years. over those years we wrote and phoned and later emailed. i got to meet him at
              the cartophilic society card show in stratford-on-avon in 2002. he lives in south ireland and his name is terry calleyne. what did he do for me? well, he taught 
	      me everything i know about tea cards and will tell you right off that the yank still has a long way to go! thanks to both of you.  
there are many others to consider as to why this site has such great content. it's all of you that email me and tell me what is going on; what i can do better; 
	      and when i am just plain wrong. i know it doesn't sound possible but yes, i have been know to get it wrong once in a while. anyway, thanks to all of you. it is a 
	      team effort.

contact information

telephone 
   
postal address 
       
electronic mail 

 
  
                 

  

 
 last modified: february 8, 2025 










 
 [ home ]
[ news ]
[ buying ]
[ swapping ]
[ red rose tea "stuff" ]
[ national wildlife federation ]
[ non rr tea cards ]
[ links ]
[ items for sale ]
[ shows ]
[ articles ]
send mail to
               with questions or comments about this web site. 







