ï»¿









wilson workforce rehabilitation center













        ï»¿


skip to navigationskip to main content







 
             
             
               
            
























							about wwrc
						

welcome

admissions

admissions forms & information
admission criteria
appeals process


forms & files
emergency communications
profile & history
employment & volunteerism
contact information




							vocational services
						

overview
postsecondary education rehabilitation transition program (pert)
vocational training
vocational evaluation assessment services
rehabilitation counseling
workplace readiness program




							ancillary/student health services
						

overview
driving services

therapies

occupational therapy
physical therapy
speech-language therapy
cognitive therapy


assistive technology
wheelchair seating





							campus life
						

overview
public safety
residential services
client handbook
residency options
behavioral health services
recreation services
media / resource center
new student orientation
interpreting services
behavioral and autism supports





connect with wwrc

 
							 
							 
							










home







wwrc canvas support





wwrc closings, delays, and event calendar









welcome to wwrc




thank you for your interest in wilson workforce and rehabilitation center (wwrc).  wwrc has a long history of helping virginians with disabilities enter or remain in the workforce.  wwrc is a vocational-educational facility which is operated under the scope and mission of the department for aging and rehabilitative services (dars), specifically the division of rehabilitative services (drs).
read the full director's message..






×



director's welcome to wwrc
thank you for your interest in wilson workforce and rehabilitation center (wwrc).  wwrc has a long history of helping virginians with disabilities enter or remain in the workforce.  wwrc is a vocational-educational facility which is operated under the scope and mission of the department for aging and rehabilitative services (dars), specifically the division of rehabilitative services (drs). 
wwrc assists virginians with disabilities from across the commonwealth enter the workforce through our comprehensive vocational rehabilitation programs.  wwrc also provides evaluation and therapy services to individuals who have been previously employed and incurred a medical event, and desire to return to the work world. the focus may either be in their most recent career area or in a career area appropriate for their employment abilities, by developing adaptive skills through evaluation, treatment, and training.
wwrc offers comprehensive wraparound services to assist consumers with their goals.  we offer a wide range of training programs, supported work readiness, student internship programs, and vocational counseling along the path to employment.  wwrc offers these services in a residential campus setting to allow consumers to gain independent living skills that many desire to transition back to their home community.  once a client completes their vocational program(s) at wwrc, we assist the consumer and dars with their job search and job placement.

							clients have the opportunity to achieve high-level, nationally recognized, industry credentials in all of our vocational training programs.  our credentialing programs consist of classroom instruction in conjunction with internships which allow consumers to gain knowledge through practical work experiences.   the combination of in-depth classroom instruction with hands-on training in the work place, prepares our consumers to successfully enter the workforce. 
we hope that you will consider wwrc as an option.  if you would like more information on wwrc and dars programs, please contact the local dars office. rehabilitation counselors are available in each office, to discuss options and provide guidance with accessing wwrc to help achieve your life goals.  again, on behalf of the wwrc staff thank you for considering our center for your transition and employment needs.  we hope we can be of assistance on your journey to fulfill your career goals. 







vision, mission and values

vision: to be the preferred provider of comprehensive vocational rehabilitation for virginians with disabilities.
mission: wilson workforce and rehabilitation center provides people with disabilities  comprehensive, individualized services to realize personal independence through  employment.
values: we are committed to professional standards, good stewardship of resources, full accountability and the well-being and dignity of others.









video showcase
					






 

cvs - disability awareness




 







disabledperson, inc. is a non profit public charity whose mission is to reduce the unemployment rate of people and veterans with disabilities. we accomplish this through our 2 national job boards: 
                
www.disabledperson.com, job opportunities for disabled veterans
www.jofdav.com, our 2 national scholarships annually for college students with disabilities and our imagine academy where we assist people with disabilities gain marketable job skills in it.







wwrc is committed to providing an inclusive and welcoming environment for all consumers. wwrc does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation or veteran status consistent with policy 3.16 on non discrimination for vr and wwrc services,  policy 3.2.15 on title ix , and applicable state and federal laws. no person, on the basis of protected status, shall be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to unlawful discrimination, harassment, or retaliation under any wwrc program or activity. rights and remedies for individuals who believe they have experienced discrimination are described within the policies listed above.



 



wwrc contact information

          phone: 540-332-7000 or 800-345-9972
          tty: 800-811-7893
          fax: 540-332-7132
          e-mail: wwrc info

find more information...












policies
learn about our policies on gathering information, plug-ins and more.
foia | web use | accessibility

please contact the webmaster team with any technical questions regarding this website.


web standards
at a minimum, this web site meets section 508 and at least level a conformance to wcag 1.0. on january 18, 2017, the u.s. access board published a final rule as the new standard for website accessibility. the rule requires adherence to the new accessibility standards twelve months from its date of publication. wwrc is working towards wcag 2.0 level aa compliance. the goals of the wwrc's accessibility plan are:

all new content posted on this website after january 18, 2018, will meet w3c’s wcag 2.0 level aa compliance.
all content posted prior to january 18, 2018, will be remediated to meet w3c’s wcag 2.0 level aa compliance as soon as possible.















© wilson workforce rehabilitation center












