










homepage - the canterbury inn | ocean shores | official website




































toggle line
toggle line
toggle line



homepageroomslocationseasonal activitieswe're dog friendly#canterburycrabpoliciesbeach cam



brand logo







close



homepageroomslocationseasonal activitieswe're dog friendly#canterburycrabgallerypoliciesbeach cam



























homepage
welcome to the canterbury inn
our hotel is more than just a room with a bed, each unit is individually owned and decorated with many of the amenities you'd have in your own beachfront condo. come visit and see why generations of couples and families have made the canterbury inn their beach getaway in ocean shores!












we’re situated right along the pacific ocean, just a quick walk down our dunes trail gives you access to miles of beach and sandy coastline.
find us





feel at home
the canterbury inn offers three distinct room types: studio, one bedroom suite and two bedroom suite. each condo unit is individually owned and decorated; photos are of room style.
stay with us







we're dog friendly
we love our furry friends here at the canterbury inn and try to make their stay just as comfortable as yours! dogs are welcome in rooms designated as “pet friendly”.
dog policies








visit our indoor pool & spa









we love every season
at ocean shores you’ll experience a variety of seasons each with fun and unique things to do, places to see, and events not to miss.
gallery












voted as one of the best vacation getaways in washington, the city of ocean shores offers six miles of sandy beach, 23 miles of interconnecting fresh water canals, and a quaint beach town to shop and explore. the ocean is the big draw, no matter the season.
seasonal activities








ocean beauty
experience the beauty of the pacific from your window or up close, just a short walk to the beach.








explore the peninsula
23 miles of canals and fresh water lakes, the perfect place for kayaking, fishing, and swimming.








fly a kite
let your kite fly free along the beach 








horseback riding
enjoy horseback riding along the beach 










follow us
@canterburyinnos





















address

643 ocean shores blvd. nw
ocean shores, ocean shores wa 98569 united states


contacts
3602893317 
guestservices@canterburyinn.com



homepageroomslocationseasonal activitieswe're dog friendlygallerypoliciesbeach cam





footer logo




























