




library technology guides: documents, databases, news, and commentary
































library technology guides
documents, databases, news, and commentary


home 

terms of use
contribute
site statistics
about marshall breeding
 
 
libraries

basic search
library storage facilities
association of research libraries
urban libraries council
association of southeastern research libraries
big ten academic alliance libraries
united kingdom higher education
society of college, national and university libraries
us presidential libraries and museums
independent research libraries association
academic law libraries in the united states
directory of public libraries in the united states
directory of public libraries in the united kingdom

 
guides 
documents 
vendors

search vendor database
mergers and acquisitions
major vendors
 - auto-graphics
 - axiell
 - biblionix
 - book systems
 - bywater solutions
 - clarivate
 - ebsco
 - follett
 - equinox
 - ex libris
 - innovative
 - the library corporation
 - oclc
 - proquest
 - sirsidynix


products

search product database
major products
 - alma
 - apollo
 - atriuum
 - carl.x
 - destiny
 - folio
 - koha
 - library.solution
 - opals
 - polaris
 - sierra
 - symphony
 - verso
 - worldshare management services
 - notis (history)


news
procurement
member login

member login
register




 

 





library technology guides











 provides comprehensive and objective 
information surrounding the many different types of technology products and services used by libraries. 
it  covers the organizations that develop and support library-oriented software and systems. 
the site offers extensive databases and document repositories to assist libraries as they consider new systems
and is an essential resource for professionals in the field to stay current with new developments and trends.





 



 
 

 
 






search :





new: improved site search
 
featured content


sirsidynix acquired by harris computing

sirsidynix, has been acquired by harris computing, one of six operating companies of constellation software, inc.  it purchased sirsidynix from icv partners, a private equity firm that has owned it since february 2015. unlike private equity firms, constellation does not sell the companies it acquires. it follows a strategy of acquiring businesses from founders or investors and holding them indefinitely. the acquisition marks a definitive exit from ongoing cycles of private equity investment into a permanent position within a public company specializing in the administration of technology-focused businesses. sirsidynix has seen two rounds of private equity ownership, including vista equity partners and icv partners.as part of harris, sirsidynix gains access to additional technical and financial resources.  harris has deep experience in acquiring and strengthening technology companies.  in contrast, sirsidynix was the only technology company within the icv partners portfolio.
(library technology newsletter, january 2025)
continue to complete article...

 


the 2024 edition of the international library automation perceptions

the 2024 edition of the international library automation perceptions is underway. all libraries are invited to participate in the latest edition of the international library automation perceptions survey conducted through library technology guides.  this survey aims to measure the levels of satisfaction libraries have with their core resource management systems and discovery services and the vendors that support these products. it has been conducted every year since 2007. the reports based on these surveys provide a unique resource to libraries as they assess systems and serve as an important feedback mechanism to the vendor community.
(, november 26, 2024)
continue to complete article...

 


2024 library systems report: companies focus on developing practical solutions

 
the library technology industry had a quiet year in 2023. but in the absence of major business moves and acquisitions, companies set their sights on executing strategies to strengthen their market position.
previous cycles of business consolidation have yielded a layered landscape with distinct levels of competition. at the top, a handful of large organizations with considerable resources—clarivate, ebsco information services, follett school solutions, and oclc—continue to expand their portfolios, covering multiple business sectors and library types. middle-tier companies, including axiell, bywater solutions, the library corporation (tlc), and sirsidynix, offer growing suites of products used by thousands of libraries. and finally, a group of smaller companies round out the industry, covering specialized libraries with niche products and services.
competition at each level remains vigorous. libraries may have fewer product choices because of past acquisitions, but the options remaining are distinctive. most libraries can choose between for-profit and nonprofit vendors, and between proprietary and open source products. for instance, academic libraries can pick from a short list of library services platforms (lsps), including a proprietary solution from a for-profit company (alma), an open source product supported by for-profit companies (folio), or a proprietary product from a nonprofit organization (worldshare management services).
libraries see their technology vendors as strategic partners. they are increasingly purchasing core products from a single provider, rewarding companies' efforts to create suites of integrated applications that function more efficiently than mix-and-match offerings. these days, libraries expect third-party integration from their products—but they generally acquire new components from a single main vendor.(american libraries, may 1, 2024)
continue to complete article in american libraries...

 


libraries under cyberattack

the last year or so has brought incredible challenges to the digital infrastructure of some high-profile libraries. the recent wave of cyberattacks targeting one of the world’s most prestigious and well-resourced libraries brings a sobering reminder of the dangers lurking for libraries in this digital age. libraries of all types and sizes must be vigilant and prepared for any possible security breach.
(computers in libraries, march 2024)
continue to complete article...

 


project reshare and openrs: differing approaches to open source resource sharing

 

in recent months, a schism has erupted in the open source resource sharing realm. two open source resource sharing projects that previously resided within a single organization have separated, due not only to the differing functional models of their products, but also because of differences in styles of collaboration. launched in 2018, project reshare has been advancing an open source platform for resource sharing, created collaboratively among a community of interested libraries and vendors. project reshare continues with its mission to strengthen its resource sharing community and to continue to enhance and support its platform. the organization is also refining its organizational structure and articulating its values and community processes. openrs, was launched in 2023 as a new initiative to develop, support, and promote a new open source direct consortial borrowing solution. though a relatively new project, openrs moves forward with a well defined development agenda, backed by two commercial vendors, ebsco information services and knowledge integration, with substantial involvement of mobius as its first planned implementor.
(library technology newsletter, december 2023)
continue to complete article...

 

caveat and credit
library technology guides was created and is edited by 
marshall breeding.  
he is solely responsible for all content on this site, and for any errors it may contain. 
please 
notify
 him if you find any errors or omissions. 



 

 


industry news
tuesday feb 18, 2025    

full automation news report
20 most recent items:


february 19, 2025. the digital preservation coalition welcomes the common crawl foundation as its newest member. 
the common crawl foundation has joined the digital preservation coalition (dpc) this month, becoming the coalition's newest associate member. as a non-profit foundation dedicated to the open web, comm ...
<<more>>
 

february 18, 2025. clarivate unveils transformative subscription-based access strategy for academia. 
clarivate, a leading global provider of transformative intelligence, announced a new subscription-based content access strategy. the new approach breaks down barriers through broad and affordable acce ...
<<more>>
 

february 18, 2025. introducing proquest digital collections, a new library subscription offering unparalleled breadth, value and access. 
this new offering for academic libraries spans six centuries of essential content to serve researchers and students of all levels.  clarivate is introducing a simple, broad subscription-based model to ...
<<more>>
 

february 18, 2025. introducing proquest ebooks, the world's largest scholarly ebook subscription. 
proquest, part of clarivate, is leading the way in addressing these trends and needs with the launch of proquest ebooks. with over 700,000 titles, proquest ebooks offers the world's largest subscripti ...
<<more>>
 

february 18, 2025. statement: removal of access to and modification of data by authorities in the usa. 
the chartered institute of library and information professionals, is concerned that the removal, hiding, and modification of data, research and other information resources by authorities in the usa is ...
<<more>>
 

february 18, 2025. california universities and oxford university press sign landmark open access agreement. 
the 10-campus university of california system, 20 of 23 california state university campuses, and 30 private academic and research institutions represented by the statewide california electronic libra ...
<<more>>
 

february 18, 2025. the university of maryland and 4science will collaborate for the matomo integration in dspace. 
the university of maryland libraries and 4science will work together to integrate matomo into dspace. this new integration will be developed to enhance the dspace platform. ...
<<more>>
 

february 17, 2025. saa response to aotus removal urges advocacy. 
the leadership of the society of american archivists  is alarmed by the dismissal of the archivist of the united states on february 7, 2025. we believe the removal of aotus with no stated cause does h ...
<<more>>
 

february 17, 2025. celus announces version 8.0 and support for release 5.1 of counter code of practice. 
celus announced the launch of version 8.0 of its unifying e-content usage platform.  with version 8.0, celus has successfully implemented full support for release 5.1 of the counter code of practice.  ...
<<more>>
 

february 17, 2025. wiley launches pilot pricing framework to support equitable oa publishing for researchers in latin america. 
wiley, one of the world's largest publishers and a trusted leader in research and learning, announced a pilot pricing program to provide discounts for research authors based in latin america, reinforc ...
<<more>>
 

february 17, 2025. talis aspire achieves top technical ranking in apuc framework. 
talis aspire, the trusted resource list management system used by over 100 institutions, has ranked first in the technical assessment of the advanced procurement for universities and colleges framewor ...
<<more>>
 
full automation news report
 










 

maintained by marshall breeding
copyright 1999-2023
 
 


