







home - alchemy gothic official site





























			show navigation menu
		






trade/wholesalecontactfaqprivacy policyterms & conditionssign-up problems ?









username








password


show password







                        remember me                    



log in




                    forgot your password?



                    forgot your username?



                    create an account 





 





facebook
twitter
pinterest
youtube
instagram
tiktok





ag home



dealers


products 
interactive product catalogue...alchemy gothic collection ...all alchemy england products ...find an alchemy dealer



store & blog




community 
alchemy gothic forumuser registrationprivate use license ...you & alchemyocs shopping emporium


museum & library 
alchemy encyclopaediathe alchemist - whois?featurescatalogue cover archivevintage alchemy museumprivate use license ...banners & links



search









                you are here:  
            
home 











 











alchemy limelight:
which stars are accessorising with alchemy?
find out who has been pictured wearing alchemy jewellery and apparel, where our artwork has appeared in the media and join in with your own finds!
visit the gallery at : photos: alchemy limelight.





alchemy's ul13 at sticker you:
new from sticker you ... create your own stickers from our dedicated library of ul13 artworks.
to start making your own collections of stickers visit the sticker you website at:  www.stickeryou.com .






legacy ankh
available online
this bladed ankh was specially commissioned by, and is the symbol of the family of the vampyre mysteries and the power of the red veils, as elucidated in the sanguinarium: www.sanguinarium.net
available online from our official web store.
more info...





"résonance" collection
manuela biocca and alchemy gothic united for a special collection.
once more, steampunk, dandy and dark romanticism are in favour. this dark collection with modern shapes are enhanced with touches of light brought by alchemy adornments and swarovski crystals.






cookies disabled



to purchase alchemy gothic products visit the alchemy dealer list - trade customers visit www.alchemyengland.comcopyright alchemy carta ltd. alchemy gothic is a registered trademark, all rights reserved. privacy policy. site map. friends of alchemy.


all content and designs are the copyright of the alchemy carta limited.
			all images are copyright to their respective owners and are protected under international copyright law.
			it is not permitted to copy, download, or reproduce these images in any way whatsoever without prior
			written permission. 'alchemy' and the 'skull & rose logo' are registered trademarks of the alchemy carta
			limited. registered in england no. 01492076 (registered office: st mary's mill, unit 43, faircharm trading
			estate, evelyn drive, leicester, le3 2bu.)




 

