






north pond restaurant




























































 






























toggle
                            navigation   











home
about
menus
contact
events
 







gift certificates
reservations
 







 

































welcome to north pond restaurant








                                                    in the heart of lincoln park                                                









make a reservation









































welcome to north pond restaurant 



in the heart of lincoln park 






make a reservation















									we do not offer valet parking. we accept reservations for a maximum of 8 people at one table. all tables for more than 4 people are seated in our main dining room. tables in the front room and on the patio are seated first come, first served. we do not hold tables.

there is a $25 per person fee for same day cancellations. 

please ask if you have any questions or if there is anything we can do for you.								











 











we feature a five-course tasting menu for dinner and a three-course prix fixe for sunday brunch inspired by the farms, farmers and artisans who bring the bounty of the seasons to north pond and to you.  be prepared for delightful suprises. all of the tables at north pond are by reservation only. our intimate setting is such that we can accommodate a certain number of people in an evening. we do our best to accommodate requests and honor those requests on a first-come, first-served basis. we accommodate some dietary restrictions, and we take allergies seriously. please specify if you or your guest has an allergy or a preference when noting it in your reservation. 











 












brunch 








dinner 








wine & cocktails 











 











the location 



2610 north cannon dr, chicago, il 






















 



									enter the park at the corner of lakeview and deming								






























































2610 north cannon dr, chicago, il
773.477.5845

hours:
dinner: thursday - sunday beginning at 5:30pm  
brunch: sunday brunch beginning at 10:30am 

 



							subscribe to receive communications from us!
						

 



















					© north pond restaurant.
					website by alternative strategies












































   











 























