
































stay inns hotel collection - cozy, clean & affordable hotels















































locations
contact
















warmth & hospitality await at
stay inns hotel collection


 where to?
select a destination 

alabamadothan (1 hotel)arkansasbrinkley (1 hotel)floridafort lauderdale (1 hotel)lakeland (1 hotel)georgiadouglas (1 hotel)perry (1 hotel)winder (1 hotel)dawson (1 hotel)hazlehurst (1 hotel)oakwood (1 hotel)decatur (1 hotel)union city ga (1 hotel)marietta (1 hotel)conyers (1 hotel)augusta (1 hotel)toccoa (1 hotel)cartersville (1 hotel)illinoiselgin (1 hotel)edwardsville (1 hotel)kentuckylexington (1 hotel)michiganwarren (1 hotel)missourieureka (1 hotel)north carolinaknightdale (1 hotel)ohiokenton (1 hotel)willard (1 hotel)ontariowindsor (1 hotel)south carolinabeaufort (1 hotel)tennesseechattanooga (1 hotel)union city (1 hotel)texaslaredo (1 hotel)utahst. george (1 hotel)tropic (1 hotel)washingtonenumclaw (1 hotel)montesano (1 hotel)fife (1 hotel)kelso (1 hotel)poulsbo (1 hotel)


or
view all locations





 
clean & cozy rooms




 
affordable stays




 
easy online booking































stay inns brands











guest house
guesthouse invites guests to sit back, relax and enjoy a crisp, clean stay. focused on getting all of the comforts of home just right – spotless spaces, friendly faces, and service you can rely on.
our house is your house, welcome to guesthouse.















america’s best inn and suites
welcome to america’s best inn, where value meets comfort for every traveler. whether you’re a business traveler or a family on an adventure, enjoy spacious rooms, complimentary wi-fi, free breakfast, and 24-hour front desk. save on your next family vacation with our kids stay free policy.















country hearth inn & suites
when you stay with country hearth you’ll feel right at home from the moment you walk in. created in the style of a classic bed and breakfast, you’ll uncover well-appointed guestrooms, warm staff, and plentiful amenities.
here at country hearth inn and suites, our guests can expect an easy hotel experience whether they’re just coming in off the road or had made a reservation in advance.















lexington inn
at lexington, our collection of inns, suites, and hotels welcome travelers of all sorts in from off the road. we aim to make memorable stays for our guests with our outstanding and inviting staff, plus all the best amenities.
easily accessible locations, affordable rates, attentive front desk staff, and clean accommodations make the lexington inn & suites the perfect choice for your next business trip or vacation.















jameson inn
at jameson, we go out of our way to make your stay a convenient and comfortable one. during your visit, you’ll find spotless rooms at affordable prices. you can plan your stay in advance or come in off the road, no reservations required. our friendly staff is always here to accommodate and welcome you in.





























cozy stays. excellent value.
each of our locally owned and operated hotels take pride in delivering what every guest wants: comfort and convenience at the best price.


 wifi



 breakfast



 parking



 air conditioning





view hotel locations





















featured hotels
explore our most booked properties












america’s best inn beaufort
whether you are traveling to beaufort, sc, for business or pleasure, or simply passing through, enjoy spacious rooms, a 24-hour front desk, free breakfast, and amazing value.
book now












america’s best inn st. george
st. george hotel with free breakfast, ideal for guests in town for business, vacation, or simply passing through on your way to salt lake city or las vegas.
book now












country hearth inn & suites augusta
feel at home in augusta, ga, at our economy hotel conveniently located close to attractions, including georgia golf hall of fame, augusta botanical gardens, and augusta riverwalk.
book now












country hearth inn & suites union city
economy hotel in union city is located off hwy 51, near local attractions. enjoy extremely comfortable beds and save money year-round with our kids stay free policy.
book now












country hearth inn knightdale raleigh
discover comfort and convenience in knightdale, nc. stay minutes from downtown raleigh, close to shopping, dining, and entertainment. free breakfast available.
book now












jameson inn & suites hazlehurst
book a relaxing stay in hazlehurst, ga, near jeff davis historical society museum and jeff davis county courthouse. enjoy spacious rooms and free breakfast.
book now












jameson inn douglas
explore douglas' history and natural beauty from our aaa 2-diamond hotel. enjoy free breakfast and pet-friendly accommodations.
book now












jameson inn winder
unwind in our winder hotel located close to fort yargo state park, chateau elan winery & resort, outdoor adventures, and wine country.
book now












lexington inn & suites nw chicago elgin
stay in comfort in elgin, il, near attractions like grand victoria casino and fox river trolley museum. free coffee and non-smoking rooms available.
book now












lexington inn & suites windsor
experience the charm of windsor, on. stay near windsor airport, close to local dining and entertainment. free coffee and non-smoking rooms available.
book now






prev

next

















stay inns faq







are stay inns hotels affordable?


yes! stay inns hotel collection offers clean, comfortable, and convenient stays at budget-friendly rates.




where are stay inns hotels located?


stay inns is a collection of us hotel brands with a nationwide presence. visit the locations page to find your next destination.




how can i book a stay inns hotel?


booking our hotels is easy! explore our locations to find a hotel you would like to book. select the date range on the hotel page to check availability and book your stay online.
alternatively, contact the property directly to book your stay using the contact details on the hotel page.




are your hotels pet friendly?


many of our hotels are pet friendly and look forward to hosting you and your cuddly companion.
visit the hotel pages to check their individual pet policy or contact their friendly staff for information.




how can i contact stay inns?


you can submit your inquiry using our contact form or call the property directly using the contact details featured on their page.















privacy policy
accessibility
do not sell my data
manage cookies
 
|© 2024 www.stayinns.com. all rights reserved.




























