







energy efficient indoor & outdoor heaters | thermofilm


































































home


about


news


products


heatstrip
crossray




where to buy


heatstrip
crossray




contact














 +61 (0) 3 9562 3455
















 sales@thermofilm.com.au




world class products & brands


















electricheaters
perfect for a wide range of outdoor and indoor heating applications.
					  whether you are looking for a portable, diy, wall/celling mounted, or hard-wired option, the heatstrip  range has it all.














gasheaters

                   heatstrip gas heaters include the award-winning portable lpg unit, and the market-leading wall-mounted natural gas heater, ideal for residential and commercial applications.
                  














smart connectedheaters

                   heatstrip heaters with remote and app control let you easily adjust the temperature of your heater from anywhere in the room, or remotely via the smartphone app.
                  














infraredbbqs
premium quality bbq range with patented infrared technology.












company overview
thermofilm has over 30 years of experience when it comes to manufacturing stylish, innovative and energy efficient products. our range of heaters are designed for use within residential, commercial and institutional markets, both in australia and around the world.
products within the thermofilm range include the award winning heatstrip® heaters, envirotouch energy saving switches and bliss stylish heaters.


                for more information, please click here
                













awards



2018 crossray bbq



2017 heatstrip lpg



2013 heatstrip classic



 



thermofilm australia pty ltd














contact information
8 lakeview drive, scoresby,
									victoria 3179, australia.

  sales@thermofilm.com.au


 +61 3 9562 3455






site map


home


about


news


contact







quicklinks


heatstrip


crossray






follow us


















											thermofilm is a major australian manufacturer and supplier of heating products. our heating range includes convective panel heaters, radiant panel heaters, radiant strip heaters, portable heaters, outdoor heaters, patio heaters, infra red heaters and under seat heaters for churches. all our heaters are electric and suit- able for a wide range of residential and commercial heating applications. our heating product brands include; bliss™, heatstrip® and envirotouch™. the latest addition to our product range is ozflame™ bio-fuel fireplaces for indoor and outdoor applications. 
										

											website by studio digital | hosted by ping digital

                        thermofilm pty ltd ©
                        
                        - all rights reserved
                      



















