












department of political science - uc santa barbara
























skip to main content





university of california, santa barbara




search















 


department of political science - uc santa barbara





main menuaboutpeopleresearchundergraduategraduatenews & eventsdiversity & inclusiongive



























  
  
  
  



  
  
 about the department
 
  



  
  
 hire a political science ph.d.
 
  



  
  
 the political science major
 
  



  
  
 graduate study at ucsb
 
  








• 





• 





• 





• 





• 





previous

pause

next





 







welcome to the department of political science
for over half a century, the department of political science at uc santa barbara has been home to top scholars engaged in cutting edge research. housed in a world-class university widely known for its interdisciplinarity, the department is committed to rigorous quantitative and qualitative research, as well as to normative theory. 
in addition to its commitment to research, the department prides itself on first-rate teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels.  our research and teaching cover the traditional fields of international relations, comparative politics, american politics, political theory, and research methods. we are distinctive because of our additional emphasis on the politics of identity and politics of the environment.
 
message from the chair
july 1st, 2024
welcome to political science @ ucsb!  we are a diverse and engaged community of scholars, teachers, and students building knowledge and understanding of the  critical political issues of our times.  political science is the study of the sources, patterns, and impacts of power, authority, and governance--from the local to the national to the global. 
we offer courses and research in the traditional subfields of american politics, comparative politics, international relations, and political theory--plus enriched focus areas in environmental politics and identity with interdisciplinary outreach across campus.  our award-winning faculty and doctoral students use a full range of social science methods to advance innovative research, from statistics to experiments to case studies to international fieldwork. 
political science students are campus leaders, and many pursue careers in law, government, academics, the nonprofit sector, and business.  our dedicated staff provide support tailored to each sector of our community--including a robust team of peer advisors.  our website will guide you to how you can participate in our major, graduate study, research, events and support.  we look forward to seeing you soon!
 










exciting news in environmental politics
exciting news in identity politics

 














awards and announcements




 leah stokes: 2024 schneider award winner 
  
 congratulations to our very own dr. leah stokes, associate professor in political science, for receiving the 2024 stehphen h. schneider award for outstanding climate science communication. 
 
  


 come check out this election discussion! 
  
 ... 
  


 come join the political science club! 
  
 are you a political science fanatic? interested in exploring discussions about politics and... 
  


 check out professor emeritus john woolley's zoom seminar. 
  
 check out professor emeritus john woolley's zoom seminar on managing the american presidency... 
  



more announcements

 




events



more events

 
















 












department of political science
		university of california santa barbara
		santa barbara, ca 93106-9420
ellison 3834 | mail code: 9420
campus maps


undergraduate advising
		tel: 805-893-4192
advising information
main office
		tel: (805) 893-3626
		fax: (805) 893-3309

 


college of letters and scienceuc santa barbaraaccessibilityappropriate useprivacywebmaster


©2025
the regents of the university of california.
all rights reserved.
uc santa barbara, santa barbara, ca 93106


 




