
































    fireplaces, stoves, and chimneys | black mountain, nc
  














              black mountain  ﻿stove & chimney

 call us today:
828-669-9000



       home



  fireplaces



  stoves + chimneys



  contact












    
 





        black mountain's no. 1 wood stove and gas fireplace source

  

request your free personalized estimate

  

request your free personalized estimate




      


     



 



  



 



  










 
















the crunch of snow and ice follows you as you walk into your home after a long, cold day. you take off your shoes to not track water through your home. you do the same for your children.
hanging up your coat, you head straight for the living room. you go to turn on your fireplace or stove to warm up your home. wood: check. kindling: check. the chimney is open: check.



   you light the kindling, and slowly, the relaxing sound of fire begins to warm the cold air. you can expect this and more when working with black mountain stove & chimney. we provide fireplace and stove installation, repairs, and service to keep your family warm.   

contact us today!





    what's the difference between a fireplace and a stove? glad you asked!

fireplaces and stoves are excellent sources of pleasant, radiant warmth. they keep your family comfortable during brisk autumn nights and winter days.but, what is the main difference between the two? 



  
  fireplaces
 black mountain stove and chimney sells and installs open-face fireplaces. they are available for both wood or gas fuel. they reduce your dependency on a central heating system and increase your home's value.


    stoves
 stoves are constructed as an appliance more than built-in structures. they are built with a chimney for proper ventilation. they are known to be more efficient at heating your home than fireplaces.



    about black mountain stove and chimney

improvements in your home deserve a personal touch. our business has been in the family since the beginning, and we believe in bringing a family-oriented attitude to every project that we take on. at black mountain stove & chimney, every team member will take the time to get to know you. we want to understand what you're looking for and ensure that the project is completed on a schedule that works for you. from the moment we walk through your door, you can expect to be given the attention and superior level of service that we would offer to a member of our family.



    brands we carry


for us, our customers are everything. without your loyal patronage, we wouldn't have grown into the thriving local business that we are today. we have to go above and beyond to ensure your complete satisfaction with every job. 



   

 aside from offering a level of customer service beyond reproach, we believe that you deserve the best fireplaces and other products in the business. currently, we offer models from:


    jotullopihearth stonemorsoraisxtrordinair 
superior fireplaces 
peterson gas log 
eiklor gas logsair jetnapoleonprimo ceramic grillsdimplexnectreempire comfortbuck stove 
golden's cast iron

 jotullopihearth stonemorsoraisxtrordinair 
superior fireplaces 
peterson gas log 
eiklor gas logsair jetnapoleonprimo ceramic grillsdimplexnectreempire comfortbuck stove 
golden's cast iron




   we’re ready to help, so call us today at
828-669-9000.








       browse our website

    home



  fireplaces



  stoves + chimneys



  contact






  contact information

phone:
828-669-9000email:
bmstove1979@gmail.comaddress:
201 black mountain ave, black mountain, nc 28711
    

 





  store business hours

please call ahead for an appointment
   mon - fri
 3:00 pm 
- 5:00 pm


 saturday
 10:00 am 
- 2:00 pm


 sunday
closed



  










   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy




















































































































  
  share by:


















