





































stanford health care tri-valley | stanford health care






































































skip to main content





 


notice:  users may be experiencing issues with displaying some pages on stanfordhealthcare.org. we are working closely with our technical teams to resolve the issue as quickly as possible. thank you for your patience.  
        











menu






search






menu





search











home


close


doctors & providers


services


patients & visitors


myhealth login










patients & visitors






admissions






billing






classes






contact us






help paying your bill






financial counseling






insurance






locations






medical records






patient relations






visiting hours






about us






careers






newsroom






make a donation


















services


find a provider


patients & visitors



myhealth




















admission & registration


billing


classes


contact us


help paying your bill


financial counseling









health insurance plans


locations


medical records


patient relations


visiting hours















we are available to assist you 24/7.


925-847-3000



guestservices@stanfordhealthcare.org













new to myhealth?
manage your care from anywhere.
access your health information from any device with myhealth.  you can message your clinic, view lab results, schedule an appointment, and pay your bill.








already have an access code?






                 
                activate account
            









don't have an access code?






                 
                create a new account
            


















need more details?
learn more about myhealth
learn more about video visits








myhealth for mobile
get the iphone myhealth app
get the android myhealth app
















            welcome back
        








forgot username or password?

need help?




























clear


























                            
                                
                                
                                    about
                                
                            
                        

















                                    
                                        
                                        
                                            about
                                        
                                    
                                



























                        celebrating our changemakers
                    


          we recognize the invaluable contributions of our stanford medicine community.
        


learn about our changemakers



















protect yourself and help prevent the spread of respiratory illnesses




get your flu and covid-19 vaccines. schedule an appointment through myhealth or go to your local pharmacy.

see flu faqs
see covid-19 vaccine faqs
see our updated masking policy

























where to get care




for life-threatening emergencies, call 9-1-1 or go to the emergency department.















urgent care




for coughs, sprains, or other issues that can't wait. open daily. book same-day, in-person, or video visits.






                 
                book online
            





or call 925-373-4503
daily, 10 a.m.–9 p.m.
holidays, 10 a.m.–3 p.m.






















primary care




for preventive care, annual check-ups, referrals to specialty care, screenings, and immunizations.






                 
                book online
            





or call 650-498-9000
monday to friday 7 a.m.–7 p.m.
weekends 8:30 a.m.–5 p.m.






















specialty care




for consultations and treatments in specific areas of medicine. referrals needed for select specialties.






                 
                see specialties
            





or call 650-498-3333
available 24/7








































for referring physicians




interested in referring or transferring a patient?
how to refer






















need a second opinion?




consult with one of our experts from home.
get a second opinion

















we accept most insurance plans. explore coverage options


















































































eat smart for a healthy heart

learn how to manage and prevent heart disease with simple changes in your diet. get inspired with quick and easy recipes, cooking tips, and more.  
explore food ideas













































reimagining cancer

learn how stanford medicine experts are tackling cancer with innovation-driven exploration and care.  
explore stanford medicine magazine

















































supportive care: what to do when you or a loved one has cancer
join us on february 19 for an open and empowering discussion about finances, exercise, and navigating your treatment. this event is in person and online. 
register for cancer care event













































she talks 2025: secrets to brain vitality

join stanford medicine brain health and memory disorders expert sharon sha, md, ms, on march 11 for a mind-opening discussion about what you can do now to preserve healthy brain function well into your later years.
register for the livestream



























 
 
our services
care where and when you need it




































urgent care






































cardiovascular health










































maternity






































orthopaedics and sports medicine

















                 
                view all services
            
















convenient locations around the tri-valley
we combine the expertise of local physicians with the innovative power of stanford medicine. our partnership involves daily collaboration among physicians. we are deeply committed to providing leading-edge treatments, technology, and care, now and in the future.





                 
                view locations
            












































 
 
support groups & classes
 





























support groups




































classes






















 
 
from the newsroom

read the latest news from stanford health care tri-valley
 















































in the news




stanford scientists transform ubiquitous skin bacterium into a topical vaccine
stanford university scientists' findings in mice could translate into a radical, needle-free vaccination approach that would also eliminate reactions, including fever, swelling, and pain.
read the study






















































in the news




unique stanford medicine-designed artificial intelligence predicts cancer prognoses, responses to treatment
the model outperformed standard methods in its ability to predict the prognoses of thousands of people with diverse types of cancer, to identify which people with lung or gastroesophageal cancers are likely to benefit from immunotherapy, and to pinpoint people with melanoma who are most likely to experience a recurrence of their cancer.
read about the tool

















                 
                view all news
            




























discover what's here
see what world-class care with new facilities, services, and treatments is right here, in the heart of the tri-valley.





                 
                see what's here
            

























































































































stanford medicine’s new podcast
tune in as we bring the latest medical research to life through compelling stories that connect with your everyday health experiences.
listen and subscribe




































find a provider










for patients & visitors


billing


help paying your bill


protections against surprise medical bills


price transparency


health insurance plans


admission & registration


contact us


behavioral standards







services










about us


leadership


nursing excellence


quality matters







newsroom







join our team







volunteer opportunities










stanford medicine partners







stanford health care









stanford medicine


stanford children's health


stanford university





















patient privacy policy
notice of nondiscrimination
 © 2024 stanford health care tri-valley. all rights reserved.

















close
















close


open




share on facebook


share on x


share via email








