







flashworks








































        
          
            flashworks
          
        
      








































cart
















0
















            software
          

              home
            

            faq
          



























































cart
















0











softwarehomefaq





                
                  
                    flashworks
                  
                
              
lightning fast electrical calculation software











scroll








fastaccurateeasy 




    shop now
  

 









softwareperfected



electrical load calculations are based on many sections of the nec®. even when the designer performs calculations on a daily basis the designer must refer to many specific references in the code to assure proper deductions and adjustments are made. this process can be an overwhelming and time-consuming task. flashworks takes the work out of the calculation process!calculations can be performed as fast as one can enter the information into the predesigned entry screens. a click of the mouse and the calculation is complete, and displayed on the screen. then with the selection of panel sizing the panels can be determined. parallel conductors and conduits are sized. finally, one can determine the short circuit calculation for the aic rating of the overcurrent protective device.




























residential









commercial









multi family












uses



how does flashworks help me with electrical service calculations? flashworks is designed for use by licensed professionals in the electrical industry - licensed electricians, electrical contractors, engineers, architects, inspectors, building code officials. flashworks guides licensed professionals quickly through electrical service calculations based upon standards for electrical design specified in the 2017 or 2020 national electrical code nfpa 70 ®flashworks is used to quickly calculate the following service loads: dwelling units (single-family or apartments.)multi-family buildings and house panelsnon-dwelling units is used to calculate all commercial load typesmulti-use commercial units (calculate up to six units at one service point)conductor & conduit sizingfor service entrance and equipment panel sizing and paralleling of conductorsshort circuit calculation for aic rating of overcurrent protectionvoltage drop calculationsthree phase and single phase panel balancing.as fast as you can type in the information, follow the on screen instructions, click on the button and flash it works! continue by entering circuit the loads, names, answer a few questions about the loads and one more click the conductors, the conduit, branch circuit breakers are sized accordingly and displayed on the panel schedule screen and print the results.box sizingfor conductors up to #6 awg and boxes up to 100 cubic inches. step by step instructions for conductors, equipment grounding conductors, devices and fixtures. then choose and compare box selections.  








software features








"lightning fast…"menu driven —not a spreadsheet program.on screen instructions.similar occupancy-open the existing file, make the changes, click calculate and flash-it-works!correct calculations in minutes.watch our video tutorials first, then try the software videos are located at the bottom of the faq pageand on our youtube channel “flashworks electrical calculation software”



separate versions for either 2017 or 2020 national electrical code - nfpa 70® note: many code changes for 2020.clients across the u.s. and mexico.building code officials use it to check submitted electrical permit calculations.








softwarepioneer



charles pardue, president electrosoft, inc.chuck has 45 years in the electrical industry starting out as ibew jatc joint apprentice and training committee apprentice, progressing to journeyman electrician, licensed master electrician/ electrical consultant/ licensed by the state of florida electrical contractors licensing board as a continuing education course provider for electricians. during his career was a graduate teaching assistant  (teaching electricity for the construction contractor) while finishing his masters degree in building construction and then visiting lecturer at university of florida me rinker school of building construction. he is an approved electrical craft trainer by the national center for construction education and research. taught the fourth year non-joint electrical apprentice program at santa fe  college, (gainesville, fl.). serves as a subject matter expert in the test development field developing electrical licensure exams for the u.s. for several major test development and exam providers. responsible for building construction/infrastructure and maintenance nf/sg va healthcare system as chief hospital engineer at lake city va medical center, lake city, fl.educationregistered electrical contractor, state of florida er0013289 (inactive)licensed master electrician, alachua county, florida cert #6057(inactive)licensed master electrician, city of gainesville, florida me-r-557 (inactive)approved osha trainer, us dept of labornational center for construction education and research, approved electrical craft trainercontinuing education course sponsor, state of florida, electrical contractor licensing board (inactive)associate member of the international association of electrical inspectors (inactive)sigma lambda chi – building construction honorary societyphi kappa phi honorary society








welcome



about



uses gallery



uses



features



press



the founders












electrosoft, inc.
183 turkey creek,
alachua, fl, 32615,
united states
(352) 514-9447
sales@flashworks.com


hours


















contact us










