




welcome to tarp-rite - truck tarps, portable garages, buildings, canopies, awnings and more

















































home | products | repair service | photo gallery | contact | our location
























































     tarp-rite inc. is all canadian.   located in woodstock, new brunswick, tarp-rite inc. makes covers for anything and everything.  the cox family and their employees are extremely proud to have developed this company to a point where they manufacture just about any cover needed from small snowmobile covers to large salt pile covers.  one of their most successful lines are the "fabricated intermediate bulk containers" or fibcs.

        tarp-rite's quality policy:  to manufacture a quality product that meets the needs and expectations of our customer - we aim to continually improve our product and achieve the above my implementing a quality management system that complies with international standard as well as legal and regulatory requirements.  


     tarp-rite inc. is the only manufacturer east of montreal making and installing side roll and front roll covers for open trucks carrying garbage, salt, sand, gravel, potash or other bulk material that can be blown away in the wind.  tarp-rite installs metal hoops to hold the vinyl cover, and the cranking machines to pull them over the load, either from side to side or from front to back.























     the tarp-rite inc. arch-span division manufacturers a complete range of polyethylene membrane fabric covered structures and temporary buildings.  tarp-rite can manufacture our arch-span buildings to suit your individual requirements because we understand that every customer has their own unique needs.   our arch-span buildings can be manufactured in a number of fabric colors and styles.   whether you need a  solution for personal storage, agricultural, commercial or industrial purposes, the complete line of arch-span buildings are your best choice.     because of our convenient location, just off the trans canada highway in woodstock, truckers can get in and out of our yard easily and your orders can be handled effectively and efficiently.     the canadian welding bureau (cwb) has certified tarp-rite's manufacturing facility to csa standard w47.1 "certification of companies for fusion welding of steel" in division 2. division 2 requires that tarp·rite inc retain the services of a qualified welding engineer a certified welding supervisor is on staff to control tarp·rites inc welding operations. cwb qualifies welding supervisors based on related experience, and examinations on welding symbols, weld faults, quality control and inspection methods. the welding operation is subject to third-party audits by cwb to assure continued commitment and performance to required standards.     tarp-rite inc. is a leading designer, manufacturer and installer of tension fabric buildings, has achieved recognition through the canadian standards association (csa) a660-10 certification program for steel building systems.      the csa-a660-10 standard requires that steel structure manufacturers comply with the applicable engineering criteria and building codes. it was also developed to assist code enforcement officials in reviewing submissions for building permits incorporating a steel building system, and to help purchasers obtain a quality building.     to be certified, building manufacturers must maintain production facilities, staff and quality assurance systems that are consistently capable of producing quality steel buildings. to ensure these design and production standards are met, the csa-a660-10 standard requires a manufacturing facility to obtain documented approval from a licensed professional engineer.     tarp-rite inc. have also obtained the s367-09 standard which has to do with assembly of the fabric itself. several tests and record keeping of the seam strength and material strength are required for this standard to assure customers of a safe, quality product.
buy the best!  buy tarp-rite manufactured products!
 



products manufactured by tarp-rite:truck tarps - bags - awnings - salt pile covers - chip nets - cargo straps - rubber stretch straps - hand ratchets - slings - tents - fibc's (bulk-containers) - front roll tarp kits - side roll tarps - tarp repairs - agri screen - camouflage nets & tarps - chains - binders - fluorescent flags - pond liners - asphalt tarps - banners - green house covers - 1/2 ton covers - pool covers - insulated blankets - construction tarps - arch span buildings for portable garages  - pipe barns  -  storage buildings  -  riding stables  -  recreational facilities  -  workshops  -  service garages  -  manufacturing facilities  -  seasonal equipment storage buildings  -  hay or grain storage buildings  -  greenhouses  -  tree nurseries  -  warehouse buildings  -  special events buildings  -  salt or sand bulk storage buildings  -  horse stables  -  cattle barns  -  dairy barns  -  temporary buildings  -  custom covers & tarps  -  100’s of other items...!




tarp-rite inc. is a member of the following associations:














total visitors:  













































home  -  products  -  repair service  -  photo gallery  -  contact us  -  our location




























