






vigier guitars – vigier guitars information web site











































 













skip to content







 

vigier guitars
vigier guitars information web site








home
our differences
specifications
history
artists
shop
more…

vigier dealers
int. vigier distributors

fan club map

image gallery

date your vigier

user manuals
old manuals, look here.

wiring diagrams


faq
forum
contact
english

english
français


 











since vigier started building guitars, it has never stopped looking for and inventing technological solutions to problems facing musicians.
technology is not an end to itself, though. our goal is to eliminate flaws and allow musicians to focus solely on creating music. our instruments are delivered perfectly set up every time - right out of the box.
all our guitars and basses are designed and manufactured in our factory near paris, france.










excalibur supra
black gloss finish - vigier 2011 non locking tremolo










excalibur supra surfreter
antique violin










expert
normandie red gloss finish










excalibur supra 7
rockart










doublebfoot
rockart #51 finish











 





 












 





 












 





 












 





 












 





 












 

















copyright © 2025 vigier guitars 







this website uses cookies to improve your browsing. we assume that you agree with this and thank you for accepting by clicking on the button below. if you wish, at any time, you can change your decision.
read more cookie settings- accept -rejectprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled 



									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary
 



									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. note that vigier do not share informations.								






								functional							


functional
 



									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
cookiedurationdescriptionpll_language1 yearthe pll _language cookie is used by polylang to remember the language selected by the user when returning to the website, and also to get the language information when not available in another way. 






								performance							


performance
 



									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics
 



									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescriptionconsent2 yearsyoutube sets this cookie via embedded youtube-videos and registers anonymous statistical data. 






								advertisement							


advertisement
 



									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookiedurationdescriptionvisitor_info1_live5 months 27 daysa cookie set by youtube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface.yscsessionysc cookie is set by youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on youtube pages.yt-remote-connected-devicesneveryoutube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded youtube video.yt-remote-device-idneveryoutube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded youtube video. 






								others							


others
 



									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfoconsent1 yearused to store your consent to the use of cookies 












save & accept


powered by 














































