


birth control  options: ann rose's ultimate birth control helpful links for sexually active individuals









 









 

 about 
                    ann rose | choosing a method 
                    | choice 
                    links | disclaimer | home




  abstinence
breastfeeding cervical 
              cap (rx) condom-female condoms-male
contraceptive sponge diaphragm 
              (rx)  emergency contraception (rx)
homosexuality hormonal 
              implants (rx)  hormonal injections 
              (rx)  hormonal patch (rx)  iud 
              (intrauterine device) (rx)  laparoscopic 
              tubal ligation (rx)  male methods  natural 
              family planning  the pill (rx)  rhythm
safer sex  sexuality 
               sexually transmitted diseases  spermicides
vaginal ring  vasectomy 
              (rx) withdrawal 
xxx-things that 
              don't work 




 


ann 
                    rose's ultimate birth control links



 extensive 
                  links to as much information as possible for individuals of 
                  all ages to make informed decisions about sexual activity and 
                  potential childbearing. each person's needs are different and 
                  an informed public is a healthier public. unfortunately, birth 
                  control choice and usage, like all human risk taking behavior, 
                  is not perfect. if you're not yet sexually active, think long 
                  and hard before you take the plunge. if you are sexually active 
                  and don't want to be pregnant, use birth control and play it 
                  safer so you'll remain un-pregnant, and disease-free.



for more information, contact the 
                  nearest women's health clinic, 
                  planned parenthood, 
                  or public health clinic. the birth control methods listed to 
                  the left with a "rx" next to it, means that these 
                  are "prescription only" and you must see a physician 
                  or health practitioner to receive them. other items can be found 
                  "over the counter" at your local drug store. most of these methods 
                  do not prevent aids, herpes, or other sexually transmitted diseases.



note to minors 
                  (under 16 years of age):
                  you have the right to obtain confidential birth control without 
                  parental involvement. although, all minors are encouraged to 
                  discuss these choices with an adult they trust.



 


 























see your 
                  ad here
"click" here 





email 
                    annrose




 



want to add information to this list 
              or advertise here? 
              send email request to: info@gynpages.com 
© 1996-2015 ann rose's ultimate 
              birth control  all rights reserved.
  



c-clearantifog.com 
                and c-clear.biz 
                a leading us fog free lens cleaner company is a proud supporter.






