





tres sirenas – boutique bed & breakfast






















































skip to content




tres sirenas
boutique bed & breakfast


home
about

our story
reviews


stay

ocean front suite
ocean front studio
ocean view studio
ocean view penthouse
ocean view apartment
full villa rental


media

photos
press


activities

activities
dining
surf
yoga
sup tours
massage
diving & snorkeling
sailing & catamaran cruise
biking around rincon
bio bay tour
waterfalls tour
fishing charter & boat charter


contact | info

b&b policy


book




search icon


search for:








 



welcome to tres sirenas
awarded tripadvisor travelers' choice best of the best 
book









search for:



 
close search










it’s not just us saying this is a fantastic place to relax and enjoy. check out what others are saying in our press section. recognised as best luxury bed and breakfast in puerto rico by forbes in 2023 and tripadvisor #1 rated bed and breakfast in rincon.











tres sirenas
a beautiful and intimate oceanfront guest house located directly on the beach in rincon, puerto rico.
this luxurious two-story villa has five exclusive accommodations with panoramic ocean views. the terra-cotta-tiled rooms are tastefully decorated and all have private white-washed balconies. your stay will included breakfast everyday from 8:30-9:30.
experience the dream of living “la vida sirena”.





accomodations

choose from spacious apartment suites with breathtaking views or deluxe oceanfront rooms all with private terraces.




activities

explore the beach on our paddle boards and kayaks, ride rincon’s world renowned surf, dive and snorkel on amazing reefs, catch marlin, mahi, snapper or kingﬁsh in our blue waters.




shop

stand out in our specially selected beachwear, t-shirts, hats, handwoven beach blankets, beach towels and mermaid inspired gifts.














wake up to an ocean view
the sea view penthouse is a beautiful contemporary apartment boasting direct oceanfront views. located on the second level of the villa, this accommodation offers a breathtaking 280 degree vista of the sea, the beachfront and our magnificent rincon sunsets.

book









a luxurious two-story beach front inn with panoramic ocean views
more images on instagram














do not hesitate to contact us
get in touch
especially if you want to book the whole villa for a special occasion.



contact us
tres sirenas beach inn26 sea beach driverincon, pr 00677
(787) 221 8778 /  (787) 236-072926 sea beach drive, rincon, puerto ricoinfo@tressirenashotel.com
find us on social



 


name



e-mail 



message






submit message


















newsletter
  join our mailing list for updates and specials


email address: 
		




leave this field empty if you're human: 
inquire / book
hotel policy

cancellation policy

 © tres sirenas 2021 | all rights reserved








					proudly powered by wordpress				
 | 
				theme: ananya 




















