




transcending the matrix control system



























▽
△


☰



home
alien
conspiracy
matrix
metaphys
gnosis
science
notes
links
books
resources
video
more







contact / consulting



search









translations


deutsch
español
italiano
français
pусский
ελληνικά
hrvatski
magyar
polski
slovenský


bright theme
dark theme











social media links
twitter timeline widget is down.

gab
x (login required)
telegram (login required)



shirts now available at montalk △ gear




social media


social media links
twitter timeline widget is down.

gab
twitter (login required)
telegram (login required)




 


welcome
there is far more to this world than taught in our schools, shown in the media, or proclaimed by the church and state. most of mankind lives in a hypnotic trance, taking to be reality what is instead a twisted simulacrum of reality, a collective dream in which values are inverted, lies are taken as truth, and tyranny is accepted as security. they enjoy their ignorance and cling tightly to the misery that gives them identity. 
fortunately, some are born with spiritual immune systems that sooner or later give rejection to the illusory worldview grafted upon them from birth through social conditioning. they begin sensing that something is amiss, and start looking for answers. inner knowledge and anomalous outer experiences show them a side of reality others are oblivious to, and so begins their journey of awakening. each step of the journey is made by following the heart instead of following the crowd and by choosing knowledge over ignorance.
knowledge is the key to unlocking our potential. it gives us the self-​determination, responsibility, and power necessary to cast off the chains of covert oppression. knowledge is therefore the greatest protector, for it also gives us foresight to impeccably handle the challenges of life and, most importantly, to sidestep the traps on the path to awakening. the more you know of higher truths and apply what you know, the more you begin operating under higher laws that transcend the limitations of the lower. 
here you will find articles and resources that push the boundaries of fringe knowledge:



steps to spiritual awakening
how your mind influences reality
deja vu and synchronicities
alien agendas and disinformation
nonlinear nature of time




hyperdimensional entities
the matrix and its agents
earth as an energy farm
probable cataclysmic futures
scalar physics and orgone energy




take only what resonates with your inner sense of knowing and correlates with your observations and experience – leave the rest. enjoy the site!



start here


introductions

key concepts
section intros
glossary



fringe knowledge videos
three short youtube presentations explaining the bigger picture.



fringe knowledge for beginners
free ebook, 128 pages. sequential overview of our situation regarding metaphysics, cosmology, human origins, aliens, the control system, the shift, and how to empower ourselves spiritually. 


                                    » free pdf
» free txt
» free epub
» buy on lulu
» buy on amazon










top books in print
some of my favorite books. they are all thought-provoking investments. links go to hardcopies at amazon and elsewhere.

the inner reality
 paul brunton
the wisdom of the overself
 paul brunton
the stellar man
 john baines
gnosis i, gnosis ii, gnosis iii
 boris mouravieff
the way to the kingdom
 joseph benner
a wanderer’s handbook
 carla rueckert
living the law of one
 carla rueckert
greater community spirituality
 marshall summers
the law and the promise
 neville goddard
operation trojan horse
 john keel
the gods of eden
 william bramley
exegesis
 philip k. dick

also in print

gnosis: alchemy, grail, ark, and the demiurge
 montalk
                            
discerning alien disinformation
 montalk
                            
transcending the matrix control system vol. i
 montalk
                            
transcending the matrix control system vol. ii
 montalk
                            
chasing phantoms
 conti
                            

view more








latest articles

mind over realityeight-part podcast series with montalk and carissa on our matrix reality and the powers of consciousness.


gnosis book summarysummary of all nine chapters of gnosis: alchemy, grail, ark, and the demiurge.


e-mail q&acollection of questions i have been asked in emails and my replies.


runes as 4d symbolsrunes as scientific diagrams pertaining to hyperdimensional physics and metaphysics.


soul resonance (and the law of attraction)seven signs that your soul resonance has shifted to a higher or lower state.


survival and emergency preparednessimportant guidelines on prepping.


synchronicity: meaning and quantum originssynchronicities are meaningful coincidences or improbabilities sent to you from behind the veil of reality. find out what they mean and what causes them. 


ancient mariners and demiurgic technologiestranscript of a radio show on the ark of the covenant, ancient global seafarers, and the destiny of humanity.


occult mimicry of alien contactexposé on alien contact being faked by demonic paranormal beings. 


hyper-dimensional interference and the keys to discernmenthow non-human entities covertly manipulate people in their everyday lives. roundtable discussion with eve lorgen, james bartley, bernhard guenther, laura leon, carissa conti, and montalk. 












   










 xmr

monero (xmr) address:
84tfvsv26y9s4htfpzqedz8jvb3wrnc23xp7ma9ybc4qasfmgzseai5hx2y4gethq8r85x3vnm6jtkamvqgj8kgaba55xxz




  btc


bitcoin (btc) address:
bc1qgzjd0nf44kj2dlkh98drlzw5hc447zshk2agm8












▲top




youtube
rumble
twitter
telegram
gab
mastodon





contact & consulting


mailing list
download this site
indicators page
rss




cc 2002-2024 montalk.netprivacy policy



