









home



























loading...











home




services




portfolio




about




clients




activism




contact




















			this browser does not support html5 video
		






with over 30 years experiencein the architectural lighting industry.
creating results orientedmarketing communications literature.
utilizing award-winningsocial media strategies.
with an 'old school' emphasison creating revenue.
while combining a sense of activismand social awareness.





what i do




i generally perform the same functions that an in-house marketing communications department does, without having to worry about employment tax issues, where i go on the internet, or how long a lunch break i take.










traditional product literature









spec sheets









social media






i remember when catalogs, brochures and binders were considered cutting edge.  i still create product catalogs and collateral pieces that keep printers in business.




there are times when the difference between having a product specified or not lies in the spec sheet.  clarity, organization, crisp diagrams, and a logical info flow is key.




the reality is that more people will access your company through social media than your website.  i make sure that your voice is heard and stands out amongst the crowd.






engineering drawings




websites




social relevance











product benefits, when revealed in detailed product drawings and elevations, speak to architects and electrical contractors more than any type of promotional advertising.  i do that.









your online presence is key.  i design websites with one focus in mind - to increase revenue.  yours, not mine.  a mixture of art, technology and accessibility is my approach.









when i was marketing communications director at kim lighting, it was all about technical relevance.  now it's about how you take that technology and make it relevant to your world.
















portfolio




you'd think that with all the years i have in this business, i'd have more to show.  i do!




launch a gallery below






print advertising


product literature


technical docs





about




richard stellar started his career in the architectural lighting industry as the marketing director at csl lighting.  working for jack zukerman and sy gerber, stellar's 'baptism by fire' resulted in csl's meteoric rise and reputation for marketing outside of the box.  winning the dallas arts award (beating out general electric), stellar then moved to kim lighting for a brief stint as their marketing communications manager.  that corporate environment was not a great match, and stellar soon went back to work for zukerman at rsa lighting.
 
after creating a successful digital identity start-up, stellar went back to the lighting industry and consulted for (as he still does today) gm lighting.  their spectacular growth and success is legend in the lighting industry, as is dreamscape lighting, who stellar still consults with.
 
 














contact richard








partial client list




i've had the good fortune to work with some incredible people and companies.  here is a very partial list.









gm lighting, llc




gm lighting's success is legend in the lighting industry.  a product line that fills a need, a dynamic rep force and great customer service is the reason.









dreamscape lighting




amy brings her contemporary design approach to platform, along with 15 years of architecture experience.









keith emerson




the late, legendary musician, composer and celebrated keyboard player had me do his website.  rip keith.









kim lighting




i worked for them right before they were absorbed by hubbell.  wayne compton taught me a lot and larry lydick was great.
























the bestemming project is a 501 (c)(3) non-profit whose mission is to 'fight anti-semitism through music and the arts while fostering remembrance, awareness, tolerance and understanding for all people.







<






>






the bestemming project




fighting anti-semitism through music and the arts









contact richard




marketing communications




get started on the path to your ultimate vision right now. contact us for more information on how we can create an environment perfect for you.
 
 
address: 6249 le sage ave., woodland hills, ca  91367
 
phone: 213-369-1097














enter name


enter email



submitting form...




the server encountered an error.




form received.




enter your message


enter phone number








with my experience, and your product line
we can do a lot together.











â© 2016 | richard stellar







newsletter signup



submitting form...




the server encountered an error.




form received.

























































