





	st. theresa's catholic church






























about



 
	100th anniversary celebration





	worship



 
		mass & reconciliation times





		spiritual life & worship ministries




 
	church pictures





	the parish





	our patron saint





	new parishioners





	calendar





calendar





faith formation



 
	baptism





	children (preschool-5th grade) 





	children's sacramental preparation





	youth groups (grades 6-12)





	adults





	faith formation resources





faith in action



 
	annual catholic appeal 2024





	parish stewardship





	faith in action ministries





	st. vincent de paul society





	knights of columbus





	community ministries





contact



 
	mass & reconciliation times





	directions to the church













mass times 
weekly bulletin 









bishop schuster's message
bishop schuster talks about his giving --- done in the ‘spirit of gratitude’ for all that he has received. from his time heregrowing up in western washington, to receiving all his sacraments including being ordained a deacon, priest, and bishop,hear bishop schuster express his gratitude to his parish staff and those who formed him by giving regularly and generously. 
 
watch bishop schuster's message 

st. theresa catholic church
welcome to our parish community that serves federal way and northeast tacoma. we invite all to follow jesus christ and to know the love of jesus christ.
learn more

we actively participate in the liturgy.
mass times

we pass on the catholic christian faith, so that all will know and love god.
learn more











recent mass



upcoming events



online giving











100th anniversary photos
thank you to angel quant for photos of st. theresa's 100th anniversary celebration. 
view a sampling of photos. 
view the full set of photos on flickr. if you want to download any photos, you must o...
read more


welcoming our new priests
following the announcement of our parish family with st. vincent de paul, we have been assigned our new priests effective july 1, 2024. 
 
for a complete list of priest assignments, open the announc...
read more


sandwiches to feed the hungry: drop off schedule
we provide much needed help to our homeless and hungry neighbors in tacoma. sandwich makers can drop off sandwiches every weekend (in the parish hall kitchen refrigerator).  
drop off times: 
...
read more








                keep in touch with us!
            

sign up today to keep in touch with us via email and text with flocknote.
sign up















                       253.838.5924
                    






















new to the parish?

registration form & information
forma de registración





safe environment

commitment and volunteer instructions





stewardship

giving time, talent & treasure
archdiocesan planning study report





becoming catholic

for more information about becoming catholic or reconnecting with the catholic church, please contact the parish office at 253-838-5924. 





office of the archbishop

protect and heal
catholic bishop abuse reporting service





resources

vatican
archdiocese of seattle
faith formation / education / enrichment
community ministries










            ©2025 st. theresa parish. all rights reserved.
web development by efinitytech








