




trolling motor doctor | the doctor is in!








































 









for questions, products or parts call (800) 944-9446 











menu
home

about us


trolling motors

garmin trolling motors
lowrance ghost trolling motor
minn kota trolling motors
motorguide trolling motors
torqeedo motors
minn kota parts
motorguide parts
minn kota accessories
motorguide accessories


marine electronics

humminbird fishfinders and chartplotters
lowrance fishfinders and chartplotters
garmin fishfinders
humminbird accessories
lowrance accessories
navionics maps and charts


accessories

comfortroll
coolfoot
kipawa propellers
lifeline marine batteries
norsk marine lithium batteries
powermania
power-pole
ram mounts
stern saver
transducer shield & saver
troll perfect


services

repair
installation
to purchase


contact us

information to reach us
directions
shipping, returns & warranty


 
 











sales







service







installation





1
2
3






home





welcome to the trolling motor doctor. we are dedicated to providing the best trolling motor repair service and sales available. our certified technicians are factory trained and can handle anything from a simple trolling motor prop change to outfitting your boat with the latest fish finding technology. we are a factory authorized service center and dealer for motorguide, torqeedo and minn kota. additionally, we inventory a large selection of merchandise and service parts. our highly experienced sales staff and techs make it easy for you to find the right product for any of your trolling motor or electronic fish finding needs.
we offer fast turn around with no problems. our selection and pricing on new products are second to none. our trolling motor repair is reliable and reasonably priced. we look forward to serving you for your complete marine electronics and trolling motor needs.
for questions, products or parts please call or email us.
  800.944.9446 | 562.988.9444
trollingmotordoctor@verizon.net
 
we are a factory authorized trolling motor service center & dealer for minn kota, motorguide, torqeedo, garmon & lowrance
  
we do not have an online store as we prefer talking directly to our customers.  please call us toll free at 800-944-9446 and be aware that you will be reaching a live person when you call us during business hours.  this way we can be sure to ship what you actually need, and not something your friend told you will fix your motor.
we carry a large inventory of parts, trolling motors, and sonar units, and accessories.  all orders placed by 1:00 pm each day for items that we have in inventory will ship out same day.
there is no warranty on electrical parts installed by the customer.  we have a no refund policy on all electrical parts.




 
 
 







 3720 industry avenue, #105
lakewood, ca 90712
800-944-9446 | 562-988-9444
 







				powered by the whole enchilada 

				copyright © 2025 
				
				trolling motor doctor				





top





