
















virginia inn brokers: bed and breakfasts for sale










































(434) 981-5680





menu


main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
welcome
inns for sale

view all inns for sale
inns by geographic setting

coastal b&bs
urban / in-town inns
mountain retreats / country inns


recently sold inns

all recently sold inns
alexander-withrow house
an inn for all seasons
brierley hill
coolgreen bed & breakfast
the essex inn
frederick house
mayhurst inn
the mccampbell inn
thomas shepherd inn
the vine cottage inn
the carriage inn
sugar tree inn




seminars / aspiring
request info
 













welcome


welcome to virginia inn brokers
we are realtors and inn brokers specializing in hospitality properties. b &b’s, country inns, cabins, and vacation rentals. we have an extensive listing of b&bs and inns for sale in virginia and surrounding states, and we also have knowledge of other properties that are available but not listed with us.
put our experience to work for you
a bed and breakfast owner himself, “pete” holladay has worked as an inn broker for over 30 years. owning and operating the holladay house with his wife for 12 years has given pete unique insight into the b&b real estate market. tmg, inc. – virginia inn brokers has participated in the transfer of over 55 b&bs and country inns in virginia alone! pete is also a founder of the bed and breakfast association of virginia and served a five-year term as president of the association.
pete’s associate, anna greves is a broker specializing in upscale properties and b&bs, primarily in the northern virginia area. anna is the founder of tmg, inc. – real estate consultants. ( commonly known as three mule group!)
if you are an aspiring innkeeper or looking for a b&b, vacation rental or airbnb facility, let us help you find the perfect property. by completing the request for information form, you will enable us to conduct a thorough search of hospitality properties that will come the closest to meeting your criteria. we market properties in all regions of virginia and surrounding areas.
tmg, inc. real estate consultants
p. o. box 3105
oakton, va 22124









announcementsexciting opportunity!the quaint village of clifton forge has been undergoing a renaissance, and the iconic red lantern inn is perfectly positioned to grow exponentially. within a short walk, you can visit the restored masonic theater, alleghany highlands arts & crafts center, … continue reading →new owners at bent mountain lodgewelcome ginger and david mcdonald and their family as they begin this new chapter in their lives.bent mountain lodgethis outstanding 10-room bed and breakfast is currently on the market. the price is negotiable due to health issues. this is an excellent opportunity for a buyer to “hit the ground running” with an established business. inn is currently listed … continue reading → 
















sorry, you need javascript on to email me.


sorry, you need javascript on to email me.













virginia inn brokers

599 fox hunt road
glasgow, va 24555
www.virginiainnbroker.com

phone: (434) 981-5680


				turnkey design, marketing and hosting
				by acorn marketing
site map












