





kenja ai – your content x secure ai x output the way you want


































skip to content



toggle navigationhomesolutionsai-enabled solution for request for proposals (rfps) managementproductsaboutblogcontact
 





kenja aikenja2025-01-27t04:07:10+09:00 
kenja, your partner in ai-driven transformationour retrieval-augmented generation (rag) ai solutions combine a unique access control layer (acl) system with the ability to easily segregate content to simplify the deployment of ai technology, making it accessible and effective for enterprises of all sizes.
get startedkenja, your partner in ai-driven transformationour retrieval-augmented generation (rag) ai solutions simplify the deployment of ai technology, making it accessible and effective for enterprises of all sizes.
get startedkenja rooms: the key to agile ai implementationkenja rooms: the key to agile ai implementationout-of-the-box rag ai solutions for enterprisesour solutions are easy to use and to implement addressing the lack of resources in ai departments.
learn moreyour contentsecurely unlock your content’s potential with advanced access controls, organized data, and seamless collaboration, ensuring your expertise shines.
secure & accurate ai
security meets accuracy: our iso27001-certified platform offers 90%+ accuracy through kfr and carg, trusted by leading institutions for seamless, secure ai-driven solutions.
output the way you want itshape the results you need—our ai integrates effortlessly with your website or chatbot, creating documents in your language, based on your unique templates.
your content – your controlyour content is where your expertise shines. for this reason, we ensure it remains yours through a unique access control layer applied to our ai, allowing you to decide when and who can access it. we provide you with the ability to securely organize your content, facilitating collaboration and segregating content for improved accuracy in responses.

secure & accurate aivetted by a top 3 investment bank, our platform provides enterprise-grade security, is iso 27001 certified and compliant with nist cyber security framework 2.0.
we provide you industry-leading levels of accuracy thanks to our proprietary technologies: kenja filtered retrieval (kfr) and contextual agent retrieval generation (carg).

output the way you want ityou know best how to create value. therefore, we give you control over every aspect of our solution’s output. our ai can be seamlessly integrated with your website or chatbot and can generate documents based on your templates in your preferred language.
our use casesexplore key use cases where rag ai delivers tangible results —enhancing decision-making, streamlining processes, and providing deeper insights.
customer servicecustomer
serviceimprove both customer experience and operational efficiency by automating responses, resolving issues faster, and providing personalized and scalable support.
request for proposals (rfps)request for proposals
(rfps)automate the creation of high-quality rfp responses with ai-powered document generative tools, rfp template library, and seamless collaboration.
real estateoffer a hassle-free rental experience by quickly addressing queries, guiding move-in procedures, and streamlining communication between tenants and property managers.
recruitingstreamline your recruitment process by automating candidate screening, evaluating resumes, and matching top talent to job openings.
trainingcreate your knowledge library by training your own ai based only on the content you upload to optimize academic research or training processes.
due diligencedue
diligenceaccelerate your due diligence process by rapidly analyzing financials, legal documents, and market data, uncovering critical risks and opportunities.
lost on where ai could drive value in your organization? we offer consulting services to offer tailor-made solutions based on your needs.
contact usfrequently asked questionsallaiwhat is rag?kenja2024-11-13t07:47:43+09:00what is rag?rag stands for retrieval-augmented generation. rag is a general approach used in various al applications, including chatbots and virtual assistants. it involves a retrieval step where the system searches a database or corpus of information to find relevant data related to the user’s query. this retrieved information is then used to augment the generation of a response by the large language model (llm). the key aspect of rag is the process of finding and utilizing relevant information from a larger dataset to inform the response generation.
why should i care about rag?kenja2024-11-13t07:43:36+09:00why should i care about rag?enterprises should prioritize retrieval-augmented generation (rag) because it significantly improves how information is accessed by providing precise, contextual responses. rag automates knowledge management and tailors interactions, boosting employee efficiency and user engagement, leading to cost savings. embracing rag enables better decision-making by combining insights from diverse data sources, helping organizations remain competitive and adaptable in a growing data landscape.
what is kfr?kenja2024-11-13t07:44:12+09:00what is kfr?kfr stands for kenja filtered retrieval. it is a specific implementation or variation of the rag approach, tailored for use within the kenja al system. kfr also involves a retrieval step where it searches for relevant documents or information within the provided corpus. however, what distinguishes kfr is its use of a filtering mechanism to further refine the retrieved information before passing it to the llm for response generation.this filtering is aimed at improving the accuracy and relevance of the generated responses by ensuring that only the most pertinent information is used.
testimonials
we are very happy business partners of kenja.
we have used their outstanding software in our office and have introduced kenja to our customers.
they have met and exceeded the standards of our demanding enterprise customers.
kenshou kojima, ceo, pts consulting japan.
kenja has proven itself to be a strong, versatile, and adaptable platform and service.
and with their blockchain implementation, it will become even more secure, transparent and reliable. i am particularly impressed by their commitment as a business partner to our success.
richard tanaka, cio, randstad
with kenja, we can better communicate ongoing changes, and share documents and activities across our organization.
since our members are mostly located in different regions around the world, rooms gives us an online
workspace where we can collaborate in one convenient location.
rhonda lundin, ipba (customer since 2003)
kenja rooms have the potential of becoming a turning point for work productivity and efficiency.
from provenance to consistent traceability leveraging on blockchain technology.
jonathan morgan, co-founder and chairman | kobe international blockchain research centerlatest newscheck our blogblockchain,eventskenja will be part of the gbbc blockchain central-unga!november 27th, 2024· blockchain, events· our ceo, ted katagi, will be a part of the panel "building sustainable and resilient systems", hosted by the gbbc
blockchain,eventsconversations on the ledger: the role ecosystems play in a blockchain environmentnovember 27th, 2024· blockchain, events· welcome to conversations on the ledger, a webinar series where different blockchain experts talk about one of the most revolutionary
events,thought leadershipwatch our ceo at tedxtokyo salon!november 27th, 2024· events· check out this throwback tedxtokyosalon session about identity crisis and differences between the western and japanese cultures. our ceo ted
get started with kenja airegisterthank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×looking for help? register for our newsletter and get in contact with our experts.





 
 
privacy policy and terms of useget supportcontact us

(+81) (0)3-5413-6267
find usmoto akasaka building 9f, moto akasaka 1-7-10, minato ku, tokyo, japan
© kenja k.k. all rights reserved.


 
 
page load link

 


english				


 
日本語					          
english 




 


go to top




