






home life care services inc. – we improve your quality of life one breath at a time


























































 










toggle navigation






 
 

skip to content
home
cpap products
oxygen products
contact us
 
 
 

we improve your quality of life one breath at a time. click here to get latest details from respironics recall website / for information on what home life care is doing see latest newsrespironics recall cpap units available for replacement. call our office.how we can help

 






 proudly canadian and family operated since 1997. 


go to cpap productscpap productsthere are new products arriving monthly. we would be happy to review new products with you to find the best solution for you.go to oxygenoxygenwe have everything you need from carrying bags to portable concentrators.go to faqfaqall the latest on maintenance and the new products available.

 
 




 how we can help our mission is to be the leading home respiratory supply company providing quality products & services  by helping our clients improve their quality of life one breath at a time.  




canadian family owned & operated since 1997home lifecare services opened in 1997 as a full service respiratory supply company. respiratory supply  is a wide range and we cover it all. from cpap to home oxygen to compressors to trach supplies we  have been ‘helping you take a breath in the right direction’ for 25 years.  we literally put the home in home lifecare because we operated in a home from the first day of operation. we haven’t lost touch with our roots and continue to value every patient who  walks thru our door. we truly are your mom and pop old fashioned corner store company. our experienced homecare staff is caring, punctual and will treat you like family. we are made up of registered respiratory therapists, registered nurses and homecare consultants. our staff has over 75 combined years of homecare experience and are available now to answer all of your questions or concerns.  home lifecare stocks more than cpap masks, machines and accessories. also, because we have  been in the cpap business for 25 years we stock long forgotten cpap masks, long forgotten mask parts,  mature machines and mature accessories.  our head office is located in pickering but operating in the gta we are just a phone call or email away. we have three convenient gta locations to make serving you a smooth and seamless process.


100 % satisfaction 30 day cpap trial for all new patients and 30 day mask fit guarantee program for all patients. option to try new masks throughout your initial 30 day trial.

no interest payment plans availableneed to wait for your insurance money to come in or don’t have insurance at all. we can set up a payment plan with a small monthly payment. special discount on supplies for all returning and new patients.

free canada post expresspost parcel shipping free canada post express post parcel shipping on all orders over $200 (within ontario) 

ongoing clinical follow-upsongoing clinical follow-ups by our medical professional staff - travel planning for oxygen clients

 
 

 store hours

due to covid-19 our store hours may change. please call and confirm.


monday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm 
tuesday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm 
wednesday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm 
thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm 
friday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm 
saturday closed
sunday closed


 
 
 latest newslatest product announcementsrespironics medical device recall on cpap and bi-level deviceshomelife care has registered all product serial numbers with phillips. as of august 1, 2021 we have been advised by philips to tell all clients to please register their devices on the link below. if you require any further assistance or information please contact us at 416-410-9550. www.philips.com/src-update any additional instructions will be posted here when read more about respironics medical device recall on cpap and bi-level devices[…]


previous


next



have any questions, please send us a note and we will be glad to help. 




























send message

 





 
 



home lifecare services inc. 
1234 kingston road 
pickering, ontario
l1v 1b4info@homelifecare.com(416) 410-9550home lifecare services inc. 2020zerif lite developed by themeisle  
 

























