




academic film archive of north america











search the afa site

  


 
breaking news! we continue to accept film donations 
and engage in film research projects! in december 2022, we transferred our 
7600 film legacy archive and ephemera to johns hopkins university (jhu), where 
it will be a cornerstone of their film studies program and library film 
department. read an interview (saving 
a film genre) about the donation with afa director geoff alexander 
and see a one-minute short film about the collection. the afa will continue 
accepting donated films, documenting their history, and operating this website. 
when newly arrived films are watched and documented by us, they will be shipped to jhu 
to join the master archive. 
the mission of the academic film archive of north america is to acquire,
preserve, document, and promote
 academic film by providing an archive, 
resource, and forum for continuing scholarly advancement and public exhibition.  
we're 
the only institution in the u.s. dedicated solely to documenting the history of the 
16mm classroom academic film. we also  document and archive historically important films not specifically 
in the academic genre, including anthropological, ethnographic, and medical 
subjects. we
engage in a number of  special
research projects,  and invite you to help us 
to save films and provide free access to them on the 
internet archive, by nominating a film and making a donation to fund 
uploading it.  we're a 501(c)(3) nonprofit public
      benefit organization, and we welcome your 
donations. 
what is "academic film"?  of the 
more than
100,000 educational films made in north america between the early 1900s and
approximately 1985, many of the most compelling were in the subject fields of art, history,
social science, literature, and science.  these we refer to as academic
films, as opposed to those made in health, safety, civics, and other non-academic
educational subject areas.  further definition of the academic film genre
can be found here.
why is academic film important? with the launching of sputnik in late 1957,
millions
of dollars in federal funds soon became available to academic film companies, as
government and education officials desperately raced to bring american students to an academic level above that of their soviet counterparts. 
federal funds flowing to academic filmmakers via film companies represented the
greatest governmental largesse ever bestowed on makers of non-feature
films.  in a capitalist country, it was very nearly socialist.
many
of the films are exceptional cinema, made by filmmakers who, primarily for
financial reasons, elected to make 16mm academic films, rather chancing the vicissitudes
of hollywood.  this is a hidden corner of north american cinema,
and you've arrived at the only website dedicated to the history and preservation
of these films, and the  biographies and filmographies of their
director/producers. want to save a film by sponsoring a film for digitization 
and uploading? it's easy, inexpensive, and tax deductable. click on our 
save a film page. want to read more about what 
newspapers are saying about us? visit our press 
page. 

this web site serves five main objectives:

to provide a portal for those wishing to sponsor 
	digitizing and uploading selected afa films to our collection space at 
	the internet archive for free viewing. to sponsor a film, visit
	save a film. to view our already-uploaded films, 
	visit our collection 
	space.   

to describe and document the importance of saving 
	16mm academic films from destruction and loss.   many of these 
	important film prints are  being discarded by film libraries.  the 
	content of a vast number of these films is in danger of being, or already 
	has been lost, as they were not re-released in later (e.g. vhs or dvd) 
	formats.  our save a film initiative 
	is one program we have implemented to remedy this.


to introduce our
	publications. afa director 
	geoff alexander published 

	academic films for the classroom: a history in 2011, 

	films you saw in school: a critical review of 1,153 classroom educational 
	films (1958-1985) in 74 subject categories in 2014, and 

	the nonprofit survival guide: a strategy for sustainability in 
	2016.

to provide historical data to researchers
    specializing in the academic film.  we have archived 
	filmnotes to over 500 programs, comprising more than 2,000 films, in the
    chronology and filmnotes of past afa shows to serve as a source for
    historians looking for data on various films.  in addition to researching the history and trends of the north american
    classroom academic film, we have short biographies and filmographies on some
    of the more important filmmakers
    specializing in the classroom academic film, and are looking for a number of
	missing filmmakers, too. can you help us 
	find them?.  we are currently researching the history of 
	encyclopaedia britannica's foreign-language 
	instruction films of the early 1960s. check out our 
lost & found filmkids page to see what young actors 
	from early academic films are doing now.

to assist individuals and organizations
    to preserve and show academic films in their own geographical locations. 
    are you interested in starting an alternative public cinema in
    your own town?  start your
    own cinema gives you a few ideas you may find helpful, as well as important
    data on film preservation and 16mm film stock. 

latest initiatives:


pssc films digitization and uploading project:
the physics films made under the 
	auspices of the physical science study committee (pssc) in the late 
	1950s and early 1960s are considered landmarks in the genre of the classroom 
	science academic film. we are in the process of digitizing and uploading as 
	many of them as sponsorships allow. click on the 
	pssc page to view what we've done so far and to se how you can help 
	us to digitize more of them.

afa director geoff alexander wrote several essays 
	encompassing music and culture, along with recorded examples from the texts. 
	subjects include jazz organ history, 
black preaching styles, and flamenco 
	music history. 

special projects  the
afa engages in occasional  special projects beyond the immediate scope of the
archive.  we were the first institution in the western world to research and
document aspects of morlam video cds from the 
isaan area of thailand. we are also compiling a history of radio station

ktao, which was developed by lorenzo milam in the town of 
los gatos, ca in the early 1970s. we still have a limited number of our 
gene 
deitch-designed t-shirts available, too. 
 read afa's 
interview with the late novelist elmore leonard about his years writing 
screenplays for educational filmmaker bill deneen.
read michael fox's 2011
interview 
with afa director geoff alexander about his book
academic 
films for the classroom: a history.      



 




afa's "academy leader" logo was designed thanks to  joe
sikoryak, of
designwell:  http://www.designwell.com/

copyright (c) 2025 
geoff alexander  
 all rights reserved.     contact 
us               







