



hula records - your best source for hawaiian music.














 



































































                                                    aloha! welcome to the home of hula records® and hawaii calls®, inc. we offer
                                                    the oldest and largest collection of authentic hawaiian music. from don ho, iz,
                                                    pacific drum beats and slack-key guitar, to hawaiian wedding songs and luau party
                                                    music, we offer a multitude of genres to satisfy your taste for all types of hawaiian
                                                    music.
                                                



click here to read
                                                more::




special pricing!



                                                    view our 
                                                        music catalog or our 
top sellers list!


coconut
                                                        wireless offers interviews and education regarding hawaiian music.

                                                    delicious hawaii
                                                        recipes!


na mea hawai`i - local and native news and links.

hawaii luau!
														 - host your own backyard luau party!

										
													kahauanu lake tribute page.
													kahauanu lake was a very dear friend of my dad, grandfather don mcdiarmid, sr., myself and the entire hula records family we will miss his friendship and support.








music search 

(artist, album, or song) 






























sales and promotions
















 

you are listening to
hawaii's greatest hits, vol. ii
 


"no other medium introduced more hawaiian songs to the world than our live weekly broadcasts of the hawaii calls radio show – not vinyl, movies, television, tape or compact discs. "hawaii calls presents: greatest hits, vol. ii""
 







may his love and music always surround us 













 
                
            









copyright 2017 hula records®. all rights
                        reserved. 
powered by obs - openbusinesssystems.com



 












