











- liberty central school district



















































 















skip to content




a reminder: school is closed for students through tuesday, feb. 18, for a conference day on friday, feb. 14, and presidents day break monday and tuesday, feb. 17 and 18.
we are conducting surveys to provide feedback about perceptions of liberty’s schools and learning environment. links have been sent to staff, families and students. if you haven’t received the link, please reach out to marianne serratore, interim assistant superintendent of schools, at 845-292-5400, ext. 2063, or mserratore@libertyk12.org.
a temporary traffic pattern is in effect at liberty elementary school. please see details of new traffic pattern here.


 






liberty central school district






contact us
driving directions
employees
skip to content




now hiring
 











main menu


home
about us
academics
athletics
board of education
departments
news
community
 





search for:


search











elementary school prek-grade 4
middle school grades 5-8
high school grades 9-12
 





















photo by lhs student allison vasko







 




district news





                  lms students display their math skills at competition                 









                  budget work underway at liberty central school district                









                  sports schedule, and results, for the week of feb. 17-23, 2025                









                  professional development day gives lcsd admins, faculty, staff an opportunity for growth                









                  liberty skier to compete in states for second time                









                  one emergency closure day remains; remote learning reminder issued                









                  seven liberty wrestlers to compete at sectionals                









                  two recognized with excellence in service awards at boe meeting                









                  les to host camp invention in august                









                  liberty conducting school experience surveys                






 








featured videowork for liberty csd
find out why liberty central school district is a great place to work, from our employees:
﻿
 

quick links

budget
boarddocs
calendar
capital project
data privacy
employment
locallive livestream
menus
pta 
parentsquare info
strategic plan
registration








like us on facebook
my school bucks payments
login to school tool
anonymous alerts
schooltool info
parentsquare sign-in
class link
   send funds to a lscd club






 

events calendar
view full calendar 











 

liberty central school district115 buckley street, liberty ny 12754  |  (845) 292-5400  |  dr. patrick sullivan, superintendent
                    superintendent’s office (845) 292-6990  |  business office (845) 292-6171


this website is maintained by public information specialist denielle cazzolla. it is the goal of the liberty central school district that this website is accessible to all users. view our accessibility statement. the district is not responsible for facts or opinions contained on any linked site. some links and features on this site require the adobe acrobat reader to view. visit the adobe website to download the free adobe reader. this website was produced by capital region boces engagement & development services, albany, ny. copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.






 















