



usua - the united states ultralight association


































































ultralights come in all shapes!
ultralights can be airplanes, powered parachutes, trikes and more. usua is the one organization that supports all of these aircraft types with insurance, government advocacy and media inquiries.
join or renew now!





now supporting gyroplanes!
yes, gyroplanes are sport aircraft, too! not only that, they are the fastest growing segment of wheeled aircraft in both europe and the united states. usua supports rule changes to make these aircraft easier to own and fly.
join or renew now!





become a member
if you fly ultralights or sport aircraft, usua is the organization for you. we are here to support our sport!
join or renew now!












usua represents ultralight interests.
usua is the organization that the faa, the media, and other organizations look to when it comes to ultralight issues.
when an ultralight accident or incident happens in the usa, we are the ones that explain to the media the rules, the safety consciousness of pilots, and the freedom of flight. currently usua is working with lama and other organizations to update sport pilot regulations and policy. usua looks out after your sport flying interests like no other organization!



ultralights defined


pilot only
an ultralight vehicle is a vehicle that is used or intended to be used for manned operation in the air by a single occupant.


purpose
an ultralight vehicle is used or intended to be used for recreation or sport purposes only.


weight
a powered ultralight weighs less than 254 pounds empty weight, excluding floats and safety devices which are intended for deployment in a potentially catastrophic situation


fuel capacity
a powered ultralight has a fuel capacity not exceeding 5 u.s. gallons


speed
a powered ultralight is not capable of more than 55 knots calibrated airspeed at full power in level flight and has a power-off stall speed which does not exceed 24 knots calibrated airspeed.


















ultralights can change your point of view and your life



no form of aviation offers the low and slow, wind-in-your-face freedom that ultralight and light sport aircraft can. the dream of flight that many of us had as children can truly be realized with these unique aircraft. freedom and safety combine to provide the ultimate recreational experience!









resource





curtis hughes's the ultralight pilot's flight training manual remains the best training resource available for the fixed wing ultralight pilot. this book, now published by usua, is the text book used by most ultralight flight instructors. it includes chapters on:

the training process
basic airwork
advanced airwork
traffic patterns 
solo flight lessons
basic meterorology
far part 103
the national airspace system 

purchase now!






another benefit!

powered sport flying magazine is a free member benefit. with monthly features about ultralights, gyroplanes, powered parachutes, powered paragliders, light sport aircraft and trikes, it is the only complete sport flying magazine in the country and you get this $36.95 value as part of your membership.
learn more about psfm



































hi, your javascript is off..!! for optimal results on this site please enable javascript in your browser













aircraft registration

if you have an ultralight aircraft and you need to register it, you can download the registration form here.
download our pdf


spread the world
tell your flying friends about usua!






contact us

po box 193greenville, il 62246
phone : (717) 339-0200
direct contact : contact form



resources

general information
privacy & security
open source
synchronization
sharing









© 2016 usua  all right reserved





