












wells fargo rewards






















skip to content










  sign on 

 customer service 
 atms/locations 
 español 



search 
								opens a dialog.










  selected personal  
investing & wealth management
small business
commercial banking
corporate & investment banking






  navegó a una página que no está disponible en español en este momento. seleccione el enlace si desea ver otro contenido en español. página principal    comienzo de ventana emergente  esta página solo está disponible en inglés selecione cancele para permanecer en esta página o continúe para ver nuestra página principal en español. cancele continúe fin de ventana emergente 




personal
wells fargo rewards®





				wells fargo rewards®





		          
				        
					
						
						
						print
					








rewards that keep it real.



sign on to redeem rewards


looking for business rewards?












wells fargo rewards program




discover all the ways you can redeem your rewards. choose a cash redemption option or redeem your rewards for travel, gift cards, and more.




 redeem to your account redeem rewards as a credit to your account, including eligible wells fargo credit card or checking accounts. 



 redeem for purchases in a few easy clicks, you can cover an eligible past purchase by selecting it, then using rewards to pay for it. 





 pay with rewards shop online and use rewards to checkout to offset the cost when you use paypal. 



 find gift cards enjoy gift cards made easy - including popular egift cards as low as $10.  





 explore travel use your rewards for flights, car rentals, and hotel stays for your next vacation.  



 search for deals shop with rewards for merchandise and gifts for your next vacation.  








would you like to learn more about the credit cards we offer? we can help you pick the card that’s right for you. find a credit card



⁠⁠wells fargo rewards faqs  ⁠

how do i redeem my credit card rewards?
you can redeem rewards in several ways:  redeem your rewards in a variety of ways at wellsfargo.com/redeem sign on to wells fargo online® and redeem rewards for purchases you’ve already made.  visit a wells fargo atm and redeem in $20 increments with your wells fargo atm or debit card. call wells fargo rewards customer service at 1-877-517-1358 to redeem your rewards, seven days a week, 8:00 am to midnight, eastern time, excluding major holidays. 


how do i get started with the wells fargo rewards program?
a wells fargo rewards account is automatically created for you when you open an eligible wells fargo rewards-based credit card. you can find your rewards account listed in your account summary.


how will i earn credit card rewards?
you can earn rewards on virtually all purchases you make with your wells fargo rewards-based credit card.


how do i track my wells fargo rewards?
sign on at wellsfargo.com/redeem to track your progress, to view the bonuses that you’re currently earning, and to redeem or share your rewards.


how can i get help with my rewards?
call 1-877-517-1358 to speak with wells fargo rewards customer service, seven days a week, 8:00 am - midnight, eastern time, excluding major holidays. find additional faqs and wells fargo rewards terms and conditions at wellsfargo.com/redeem.





manual redemptions made online or by phone are in increments of $0.01 cash rewards/1 rewards point. automatic or paper check redemptions made online or by phone are in increments of $25 cash rewards/2,500 points. cash redemptions via a withdrawal from a wells fargo atm or a rewards redemption to an eligible wells fargo account from a wells fargo atm are redeemable in $20 increments only. you must have a wells fargo debit or atm card in order to redeem rewards at a wells fargo atm. there may be a maximum limit on the dollar amount of the rewards redemptions for cash that you can make each day at a wells fargo atm.


rewards redeemed as a credit to a qualified wells fargo mortgage, loan, or credit product are applied toward your principal balance. you must still make regularly scheduled payments. 


redeem for purchases allows you to redeem your wells fargo rewards® online for a statement credit to your eligible wells fargo credit card account. to be eligible for redeem for purchases, transactions must be $1 or more and you must have enough rewards to redeem for the entire amount of the transaction. statement credits are applied to your outstanding balance and you are still required to make any payment due on your account. rewards redeemed for purchases will be deducted from your rewards account balance immediately and all rewards redemptions are final. statement credits will post to your account in 5 – 7 business days. redeem for purchases is offered subject to the wells fargo rewards® program terms and conditions and the addendum applicable to your card. for additional details, visit wells fargo: rewards terms and select your card from the dropdown. select "+ redeeming rewards" and navigate to the redeem for purchases section.


pay with rewards ("pwr") feature allows you to redeem your available wells fargo rewards® ("rewards") online through participating pwr merchants towards qualifying purchase transactions with your eligible wells fargo credit card ("card") account. to be eligible for pwr feature, cardholders must first verify the pwr sharing preference setting is enabled. this preference can be set at any time by going to pay with rewards preferences. when your pwr sharing preference is enabled, all cardholders who use and have access to your card, including authorized users on your card, will be able to view and redeem the rewards associated with that card through the pwr feature when the card is provided by you or your authorized users to a pwr merchant. rewards are not earned on any portion of a transaction redeemed through the pwr feature. transactions qualifying as eligible for pwr redemption may change at any time and without notice. rewards redeemed through pwr will be deducted from your rewards account balance immediately and all pwr redemptions are subject to the return/cancelation policy of the merchant. refer to the wells fargo rewards® program terms and conditions and the addendum applicable to your card, the participating pwr merchant user agreement, and the pay with rewards terms and conditions for more details.


paypal and the paypal logo are trademarks of paypal, inc.


wells fargo bank, n.a. member fdic.


qsr-05182026-7353116.1.1


lrc-0924
















privacy, cookies, security & legal


do not sell or share my personal information


notice of data collection


general terms of use


report fraud


sitemap


about wells fargo


careers


diversity and accessibility


home




© 1999 - 2025 wells fargo. nmlsr id 399801












