












fire district | city of rancho cucamonga















      skip to main content
    







utility menu


translate


text size (decrease)


text size (normal)


text size (increase)


contact us








 





menu
search






















 













breadcrumb


home


public safety

 fire district




fire district










the rancho cucamonga fire protection district provides vital fire and life safety services to residents, visitors and businesses in rancho cucamonga. 






page sections

learn about 
services
fire station services
fire prevention bureau
resources





contact info
  
 
emergency and in-progress calls / 24 hours a day 7 days a week 
  
9-1-1
  


dispatch for non-emergency requests for service open 24/7
  
(909) 356-3805



business line / monday-thursday 7 a.m. - 6 p.m. or to leave a voicemail 
  
(909) 477-2770



rcfire@cityofrc.us


10500 civic center dr
city hall lower level
rancho cucamonga, ca 91730
united states


monday - thursday
7:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. 

https://www.facebook.com/ranchocucamongafiredistrict/https://www.instagram.com/rancho_cucamonga_fire_district/https://twitter.com/rcfd_pio

subscribe to e-news














 

learn about
  
 

 


about rcfd
  
learn more about the rancho cucamonga fire district, our history, how to become a firefighter, and more.
  
learn more







 


emergency management
  
the rcfd emergency management division plans for disasters specific to our community and assists our residents and businesses to prepare before, during and after a disaster strikes.  readyrc encompasses several preparedness and training programs designed to give you the tools necessary to effectively mitigate, prepare, respond and recover from community disasters such as fire, flood, windstorm and earthquake.
  
learn more







 


rcfd videos
  
check out our vimeo video channel for a variety of safety topics great for all ages. we encourage our community to share these videos with family, friends, employees and students!
  
see videos







 


learn cpr
  
join us for our heartsaver® cpr aed training where you’ll learn critical skills to save lives in emergency situations. check back for registration information. 
  
register







 


wildland fire area info              
  
the wildland-urban interface fire area refers to the zone where undeveloped, wildland vegetation transitions to developed land such as residential neighborhoods.  communities adjacent to and surrounded by wildlands are at risk of wildfires.
  
find out more







 


all risk training center           
  
rancho cucamonga fire district's training center offers joint training opportunities with regional and community partners, specifically our public safety partners with the rancho cucamonga police dept.  the facility also includes meeting rooms as well as a community education facility to host fire and life safety demonstrations. 
  
learn more







 


business emergency resiliency training (bert)
  
bert training is designed to prepare businesses and employees for an emergency. learn more about bert by clicking the button below.
  
find out more







 


youth programs                 
  
rancho cucamonga fire district provides opportunities for youth to explore the various career opportunities available in the fire service. learn about our jr. firefighter camp (ages 11-15) and fire explorer program (ages 16-21).
  
find out more









 

services
  



emergency management 



schedule fire station tour 



volunteers 



online permit center 



household hazardous waste 



public records request 







 
events & classes
  



5mar

 




mar 5, 2025 | 6:00 pm - 10:00 pm
heartsaver cpr aed class — mar 5, 2025

see event





27mar

 




mar 27, 2025 | 9:00 am - 12:00 pm
bert training unit#1: disaster business operations — mar 27, 2025

see event





27mar

 




mar 27, 2025 | 12:30 pm - 3:30 pm
bert training unit#2: employee preparedness — mar 27, 2025

see event





2apr

 




apr 2, 2025 | 6:00 pm - 10:00 pm
heartsaver® cpr aed class — apr 2, 2025

see event





10apr

 




apr 10, 2025 | 9:00 am - 12:00 pm
bert training unit #4: emergency business plans & exercises — apr 10, 2025

see event





10apr

 




apr 10, 2025 | 12:30 pm - 3:30 pm
bert training unit#3: fire safety & utility controls — apr 10, 2025

see event





24apr

 




apr 24, 2025 | 9:00 am - 12:00 pm
bert training unit #5: terrorism, crime, cybersecurity, & safety — apr 24, 2025

see event






see city calendar



 
news
  


 



february 6, 2025

off the vine february 2025

read article




 



january 13, 2025

january 2025 windstorm update

read article




 



january 13, 2025

snowdrop/santina street closure- january 14 - 16, 2025

read article




 



january 7, 2025

off the vine newsletter january 2025

read article




 



december 5, 2024

december off the vine
be sure to read our december newsletter 
read article




 



november 7, 2024

november off the vine
be sure to read our november newsletter 
read article




 



november 5, 2024

north etiwanda preserve closure due to critical fire weather 

read article














fire station services
  





                medical waste disposal
            


sharps disposal
rancho cucamonga residents can bring used/unused needles & syringes (or sharps) to any fire station, but they must be stored in the proper container.
home-generated sharps are syringes and needles used in your home to test blood sugar or administer medication to family members or pets.  it is illegal to dispose of sharps in your trash. sharps from businesses are not accepted in this program.
the city and the rancho cucamonga fire protection district have partnered to provide a safe method to dispose of home-generated sharps from rancho cucamonga residents.  
go to any rancho cucamonga fire station monday through friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., to pick up a free sharps-approved container.  please let fire personnel know if you need additional collection containers to accommodate all of your sharps.  do not bring your sharps with you if they are not in a sharps-approved container, and never leave sharps or full collection containers unattended if the crew is out of the station.

fill your container to the marked fill limit line (usually three-quarters of its capacity).  lock the lid to seal the container in order to prevent spills and accidental sticks.

exchange your full container of used sharps for an empty one by returning it to a fire station, monday through friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.  never leave sharps or full collection containers unattended if the crew is out of the station.
for more information, call the environmental programs info line at (909) 919-2635.
 
prescription drug disposal
unfortunately, we cannot accept expired medications. some expired medications (except controlled substances) can be taken to the city's household hazardous waste collection facility, but others must be disposed of at an alternate location.
 
city's household hazardous waste 
 








                sandbags
            


the fire district offers sandbag materials, free of charge, to rancho cucamonga residents, local businesses and school campuses.  there is a limit of 25 sandbags per resident, business or school campus.  note these cannot be used for commercial purposes. you may have to fill your own sandbags if the supply of filled sandbags has been depleted. each of the stations has a supply of sand, bags, and shovels for use by residents. 
sandbag materials available at the following fire stations:
amethyst station - 6627 amethyst street
banyan station - 11108 banyan street
east avenue station - 5840 east avenue
hellman station - 9270 rancho street
if you need assistance with filling sandbags, please contact the fire district administration office at 1-909-477-2770.

video: how to fill a sandbag
 
 








                safe surrender sites
            


under the safe surrender state law, all rcfd fire stations are designated safe havens (see map below).  under this law, a mother may surrender her baby (up to 3 days old) confidentially, without fear of arrest or prosecution for abandonment.
map of fire stations














fire prevention bureau
  





                information
            


fire prevention bureau
(909) 477-2770
rcfire@cityofrc.us
 
the fire district’s prevention bureau, under the direction of the fire marshal, is a comprehensive risk and hazard reduction program.  the bureau’s efforts are guided by the district’s risk reduction goal:
the district will incorporate health and life-safety risk reduction strategies as an integral component of all of its services in order to protect natural resources, secure the economic vitality of the community and improve the quality of life for its citizens.








                prevention services
            


the prevention bureau is committed to business safety and resiliency, and works collaboratively with the fire district's emergency management program, readyrc, to offer additional resources and training for disaster resiliency.
 
high hazard inspection program
many businesses and facilities are hazardous simply as a result of the normal business operations of how a building is used. the high hazard inspection program provides routine inspections that require compliance with the fire code and environmental protection regulations.
 
commercial and retail small business assessments
small businesses are the foundation of the u.s. economy providing nearly 50% of the entire productivity in the u.s. the fire district provides no-cost safety assessments for small businesses to help them prevent operational disruptions that can permanently harm the viability of a small business.
 
fire extinguishers
the fire district offers classroom and hands-on training for businesses so employees can learn how to use a fire extinguisher. a 30-minute classroom presentation will teach employees the basics of fire behavior as well as when and how to properly use a fire extinguisher. then employees can try using a fire extinguisher to put out a live fire contained in a training prop. class size: 5 minimum to 30 maximum. cost is approximately $10 per employee, if extinguishers are provided by the fire district. there is no cost for the training if the business provides the extinguishers. email us at rcfire@cityofrc.us to schedule a training.
 
please visit the readyrc page to see more of the training and resources available to help you prepare for emergencies. 
readyrc








                weed and fire hazard abatement
            


weed abatement 
the fire district is responsible for managing the city’s weed and fire hazard abatement provisions of the municipal code. the fire prevention bureau inspectors conduct a spring and a fall inspection to ensure that weeds, dead trees, invasive grasses, tumbleweeds and other vegetation debris are removed or maintained in accordance with the municipal code. parcels that do not come into compliance with the code can be abated by the fire district with the cost passed on to the property owner.
for questions about a weed or hazard abatement notice that you received, please contact the prevention bureau by email at rcfire@cityofrc.us or by phone at (909) 477-2770.
need to report a weed/fire hazard abatement concern? use the city's automated reporting system rc2go.
rc2go








                construction services
            


permits
permits are required for certain special events and projects as well as specialized and hazardous business operations regulated by the fire code.  the fees for operating permits required by the fire code  have been waived by the board of directors. permit applications and plans can be submitted electronically through the online permit center. 
online permit center
 
construction and development
our construction related standards and fire code amendments can be found on the construction and development page. please review the building permit process for construction projects. 
building permit process














community plans
  





                local hazard mitigation plan
            


the city of rancho cucamonga has prepared a local hazard mitigation plan, or lhmp. the lhmp will identify threats from natural and human-caused hazards in our community. the plan also recommends specific strategies and actions to proactively decrease these threats before disasters occur. adoption of this plan makes the city eligible for mitigation grants through the federal emergency management agency to implement the plan's strategies and actions and further reduce future risk. this plan will help create a safer community for residents, businesses, and visitors.
this plan has been prepared by city staff and technical consultants, with support from key stakeholders. feedback and comments from community members have helped ensure the plan reflects the opinions, concerns, and goals of our residents and businesses. 
review the final plan
watch the resiliency video








                community wildfire protection plan
            


communities with a wildfire risk are encouraged to complete a community wildfire protection plan. wildfires have been a part of rancho cucamonga’s ecosystem for at least the thousands of years for which we have geological data. the low humidity, high wind, hot temperature climate combined with the native chaparral vegetation make this area prone to wildfires. community wildfire protection plans help communities at risk to define the level of risk, assess vulnerability, and provide guidance for reducing risks, managing the vegetation fuels, increasing preparedness, formulating pre-fire response and evacuation plans, and increasing community resiliency that allows residents and businesses to return living conditions to normal as quickly as possible. a community wildfire protection plan is a project that involves whole community along with our federal, state, tribal, and county partners coming together to increase safety and protect homes, businesses, and the environment. 
public review draft coming soon!








 

resources
  

 
west end fire and emergency response commission jpa agenda

the weferc jpa meeting has been scheduled for december 5th, 2024, at 0900. the meeting will be held at the rancho cucamonga all risk training center located at 11285 jersey blvd, rancho cucamonga, ca 91730.
  


 
fire standards

list of all rancho cucamonga fire standards.
  


 
map of fire stations

map of rancho cucamonga fire district's stations, addresses, and services.
  


 
our history

learn about the rancho cucamonga fire protection district.
  


 
more about us

learn more about our mission, vision, and core values. 
  


 
become a firefighter

requirements and resources to help guide you to become a firefighter. 
  


 
readyrc preparedness guide

provides essential tips on what to do before, during and after the disaster.
  


 
designated infection control officer

senate bill no. 432 - emergency medical services
  


 
sign up for emergency alerts

click here to see a list of emergency alert notification platforms you can sign up for.
  


 
claim for damage or injury form

click here to complete the rancho cucamonga fire protection district claim form. 
  




















download the pulse point mobile app





 

videos
  
 

 


wildfire awareness month
  
firefighter/paramedic kenny kelley would like to remind our #rccommunity that although we get to enjoy the beautiful landscape of the foothills, it’s also our responsibility to be wildfire ready. join us this month in preparing for wildfire season with tips to help you and your family be #readyrc.
  
watch video







 


how to: perform hands only cpr
  
learn hands only cpr in one minute and you could help save a life! after you watch this video, download the pulse point app on your mobile device to be notified when someone near you is in need of cpr in a public place.
  
watch video







 


how to: fill a sandbag
  
learn how to fill a sandbag to protect your home, business, or school from flooding during heavy rain.
  
watch video







 


5 kitchen safety tips
  
kitchen fires are the #1 leading cause of home fires and home injuries. check out these 5 important safety tips to keep you and your loved ones safe. video also available in mandarin and spanish.
  
watch video







 


are you #readyrc?
  
learn how you and your loved ones can be readyrc during a natural or man-made disaster in this quick video.
  
watch video







 


how to: shut off natural gas meter
  
our emergency management team demonstrates how to shut off your natural gas meter at your home or business in the event of an emergency. if you ever smell gas, call 9-1-1 or socal gas and leave immediately.

watch video







 


how to: shut off electrical panel
  
be #readyrc by learning how to shut off your electrical panel at your home or business in the event of an emergency.
  
watch video









 

twitter feed
  


powered by curator.io













 





footer menu


rc2go


employment opportunities


privacy policy


contact us


rate your experience









 
close 




enter your keywords:



document search




main navigation


home


everything we do


animal center


community services


community development


economic development


healthy rc


library


public safety


rcmu


your government
















