













address and data quality experts | the postcode people | afd software





































































































solutions





address lookupemail validationdatabase cleansingphone & mobile validation 


bank verificationgeolocation & geocodingmapping & visualisationbespoke solutions 
 




confirmation of payee 
 

sectors





banking & financecharities, nfp & membershiplogistics & distributionmulti-channel retail 


insuranceeducationlegalhealth 
 




data processing 
 

datasets





all datasetspostcode address file (paf)ordnance survey addressbase coreeircode 


property level geocodingproperty attributesroyal mail multiple residence (mr)royal mail not yet built (nyb) 
 

pricingaboutpartnersdevelopers

apis & pluginsinstallers
news

latest newsdata newsnews archiveoffice diary dates
supporttry it 




0333 433 0711
send us a message



0333 433 0711
send us a message 















 




















the postcode people
your address & data quality partners
we are a collaborative team of trusted experts in address, bank and contact data validation who are dedicated to delivering tailored software solutions and the highest levels of customer service to our wide range of clients.


































40+ years of experience

with over 40 years of experience delivering multi-platform address-list management solutions across multiple sectors, afd software serves many of the uk's leading brands.




thousands of happy customers

we serve thousands of organisations and a network of hundreds of partners across multiple industry sectors, enabling them to have full confidence in their contact data.


















we have a solution for you

whatever the platform, application or system – hosted or installed – we will find the best-fit solution for you. and if we don’t already have it, our specialist developers will build it!













address & data quality solutions
innovative software solutions for all kinds of applications









confirmation of payee – cop

for this new service afd’s customers can now benefit from paypoint’s cop solution via their existing integrations.  by holding an account with paypoint, new customers wanting a single, managed api to validate name, address, and bank details before making a payment can now benefit from the strategic partnership. 

find out more 











address lookup | postcode lookup

address validation saves time and money. it is the backbone of excellent service, customer retention, data analysis, prevention of duplicates, enhanced reputation and more profitable business performance. 

find out more 











phone & mobile number verification | validation

accurate phone and mobile data allows your organisation to maintain contact and relationships with customers. if the contact details in your contact database have errors, communications will fail. 

find out more 











email validation  email verification

email validation saves time and money. a simple mistake in typing an email address makes it impossible for an email to reach the right recipient. for a business or service-based organisation, this can be costly to both revenue and reputation. 

find out more 











address & contact data cleansing

maintaining a clean, duplicate-free customer, supporter, student, member or prospect address database underpins the foundations of effective marketing, high-quality customer service and punctual delivery.  

find out more 











bank verification | bank card validation

successful electronic payments require precise and accurate bank details. but people make mistakes when reading them, writing them down or keying them in. in some cases, delayed payment or fraudulent activity can occur by introducing deliberate errors. 

find out more 











geolocation | geocoding solutions

our geolocation api and geocode api removes the need for manual address data entry and appending. by using the gps in your customer’s mobile device or computer, our solution instantly returns the full paf matched address of the current location, in the correct format with pinpoint accuracy and lightning fast speed.  

find out more 











mapping & visualisation

drive time and drive distance calculations are increasing in use as organisations look to plan routes with optimal time and route efficiency for deliveries. 

find out more 











bespoke solutions

with nearly 40 years of multi-platform software development and experience, afd are well-placed to solve challenges around data validation and cleansing that require combining datasets into customer-specific solutions and environments. 

find out more 















we serve over 6,000 organisations
helping them to solve their address and contact data challenges











































































































































































feedback from our customers
why customers choose the postcode people at afd as their partners in address and data quality














afd’s solution takes a uprn and returns the valid address record, making it much easier for our technical consultants to set up and configure the system and confirm that all eligible properties are accurately included.

if we need to add or remove addresses, we can do so quickly and accurately using the uprn, knowing we aren’t creating or just removing duplicates, which means we don’t need to review the entire database.





imperial
harry adamson, senior software developer




                              read case study 















it gives us one less thing to maintain and worry about. we had the option for an installed or hosted solution and went down the hosted route to ensure our customers can still place orders in the event of our own systems failure.





pro:direct sport
nick marlow, project manager of platform operations




                              read case study 















whilst address validation is great, errors in the entry of the data or address selection are more likely to creep in on a mobile device. to overcome this and shave a few more seconds off the checkout process, we worked with afd software to implement afd’s new geolocation address lookup. this allows a customer to press a button, then select their address. two button taps and all the address data is entered accurately.





paultons park
rob lee, digital specialist




                              read case study 















we've relied on afd’s address lookup solutions since the turn of the century. after a recent review, we confidently decided to continue with afd software– their solutions are robust, reliable and bug-free – they always work. we are fully satisfied that afd is delivering the best value for money and a solution that is proven to deliver on our regulatory and customer needs.





skipton building society
bob fielding, skipton building society strategic buyer




                              read case study 















the pfa quarterly magazine ‘4 the player’ is sent to all pfa members. before we signed up with afd, hundreds of these magazines were being returned as “undeliverable” due to the poor quality of the address. the magazine is an important part of the member benefits package and we had to do everything possible to ensure each member received it, so we looked for a better solution.





pro footballers’ association
jon kilburn, it director




                              read case study 















we have to ensure that our systems are not a cause of failure when an individual is completing a membership application. to facilitate this, our systems have been designed to make that initial joining experience as smooth and pain-free as possible. introducing an error is very easy to do, especially when reading an account number and sort code from a card and typing them in.





rspb
melissa werry, application development & support manager




                              read case study 















the centre has a data quality policy in place, part of the outworking of this policy is validating patient details within the pas. this means any staff at the centre who use the pas and register patients requires the functionality to validate contact data at the point of entry. we would recommend other trusts to sit down with afd and see how they can improve their data quality processes.





the walton centre
val hayden, patient administration system & data quality manager




                              read case study 















without the afd element, a route planner would have to plan the route by manually locating it using mapping software and dropping a ‘pin’. this would be a relatively quick process in isolation, but we have over 1600 vans distributing from over 100 depots. this job is done in a time-pressurised environment and, without the quality data that afd provide, it would quickly lead to frustration for the route planners and needlessly slow down the process.





apc overnight
sean stanley, head of business systems




                              read case study 















for us, the biggest driver was the time saved by not having to key in data manually. on average we would make between 4 and 7 address checks on any new case, taking between 2 and 3 minutes to enter all the address data per case. on average we receive 2000 cases per month. that translates to a saving of between 4,000 and 6,000 minutes, 66 and 100 hours each month!





mta solicitors
david reeves, head of systems development




                              read case study 















we deal with lots of suppliers so we know what a good supplier looks like! we see afd as a partner rather than supplier. there is a can-do attitude that we get with everyone at afd, nothing is an issue, promises are kept and pricing is fair that demonstrates a clear return on investment.





axminster tools
damion norcombe, chief information officer




                              read case study 















when contacting students, we found multiple instances where the email addresses and phone numbers provided were wrong. each student studying at the college provides us with £5,000 per annum of vital funding, whilst students over 18 provide £2,000. preventing one or two students from slipping through the net, because they would otherwise miss a key communication and fail to enrol, more than covers the cost of email and phone validation from afd.





south & city college birmingham
paul brownlow, systems development manager




                              read case study 









previous



next
















the sectors we work in

from banking and logistics to retail and healthcare, our data quality solutions are the backbone of successful organisations across a large and diverse range of industry sectors.
scroll through the industry sectors to the right and see how afd software helps organisations just like yours. 














data processing specialists | data management solutions
contact data cleansing helps large data processors to bulk cleanse their clients data against the best sources. independent reviews shows afd's data cleansing solutions are best-in-class for match rates, processing speed, and integration options.













healthcare | database management solutions
the health sector use afd's address lookup, email validation, phone validation and database cleansing within patient administration systems (pas) commonly used in the nhs and private medical practices.













legal services | data validation solutions
in the legal sector, an inaccurate address or wrong bank details can have serious consequences.
see how our solutions specifically help the legal sector.













retail | data management & verification solutions
some of the largest retailers in the uk rely on afd’s solutions to validate and cleanse customer contact data.













charities, not for profits & membership | data management solutions
address lookup, email validation, phone validation and bank verification helps the charity and nfp sector capture supporter and donor contact and payment details quickly and accurately.













insurance | data management solutions
house, health, motor and phone insurance providers all rely on afd to provide a best-in-class customer experience and help ensure contact data accuracy.













education | data management & verification solutions
trusted by over 200 colleges and 95 universities, afd software is the preferred supplier for helping ensure the accuracy of learner data in the uk’s education sector.













financial services & fintech | data management solutions
bank verification and address lookup helps the largest banks and financial institutions in the uk to validate address, bank and contact data. with sound administration, your resources can be focused on building customer relationships.













logistics & distribution | mapping & geocoding solutions
afd’s address lookup and cleansing solutions help match a customer to a validated address, optimise delivery order and minimise failed deliveries.






















 quick links
if it's your first time here, check out the quick links below to get started









more about afd software

who we are, what makes us tick and why we're refreshingly different compared with other software providers out there. 

find out more 











become a partner

whatever the platform, application or system – we have a solution to help your customers validate and cleanse customer contact data. 

partner with us 











explore our developer area

in addition to integrating directly with our apis, we have pre-built sdks, plugins, tools and examples that help developers to quickly integrate contact data input and form validation.  

hello world 
















news, innovations and case studies
discover more articles like this by scrolling through past issues of our quarterly newsletter postcode news













making a difference
at afd’s annual “postcode party” and charity giveaway in december, we celebrated the incredible achievement of over £1.2 million donated in 2024 to 91 charities nominated by staff and directors. three of the charities shared inspiring stories of the impact their work is making and how the donations have been or will be utilised.  



                                02                              

                                jan 2025


read full article 











style, integration, and transformation
to ensure the online shopping experience reflected the excellence of their products and the high quality of their bricks-and-mortar outlets, mint velvet needed reliable technology. a crucial element of this process was ensuring every order was supported by an accurate delivery address. 



                                02                              

                                jan 2025


read full article 











£1.2 million charity giveaway
the postcode people held their annual postcode party and charity giveaway at mountain view innovation centre on thursday 5th december 2024. 



                                05                              

                                dec 2024


read full article 











complete payment confidence with afd
coinciding with new legislation regarding confirmation of payee that comes into force this month, an enhanced version of afd’s bank validation solution is now available. 



                                03                              

                                oct 2024


read full article 











greater layers of accuracy
imperial civil enforcement solutions limited, a long-standing afd customer, is the uk’s biggest and most experienced provider of parking, environmental and traffic management systems. 



                                03                              

                                oct 2024


read full article 











bigcommerce
we are pleased to announce our partnership with bigcommerce, one of the fastest-growing e-commerce platforms. 



                                08                              

                                jul 2024


read full article 











edge hill university
“working with afd software, we have been able to overcome the challenges of modern requirements while working within the constraints of legacy applications." 



                                08                              

                                jul 2024


read full article 











unlocking eco4 grant with epc data
eco4 grant is available to improve the epc ratings of low-income households living in energy-inefficient properties. afd's address lookup solution with epc data helps accurately pinpoint these properties. 



                                07                              

                                jun 2024


read full article 











afd dynamics365 powerapps. codeless contact data validation.
do you want a codeless solution to auto-complete uk and international addresses and live validate emails and mobile / landline numbers within microsoft dynamics 365 sales? 



                                08                              

                                may 2024


read full article 











benefits of address, email, and phone validation for universities
afd software helps over 100 universities ensure their students contact data is accurate wherever it is entered. read how  accurate data in the he sector has far reaching benefits. 



                                03                              

                                apr 2024


read full article 














view all news 


















we are here to help
we serve thousands of organisations and a network of hundreds of partners across multiple industry sectors, enabling them to have full confidence in their contact data.
contact us 


















the postcode people
 afd software limited  registered in the isle of man no: 087072c 
registered office:  mountain view innovation centre jurby road lezayre, ramsey isle of man im7 2dz


company
about us
contact afd software
license agreement
terms & conditions
royal mail terms
pio terms and conditions
privacy policy
office diary dates



solutions
address lookup
email validation
phone & mobile validation
database cleansing
bank verification
geolocation & geocoding
mapping & visualisation
bespoke solutions



sectors
banking & finance
charities & nfp
logistics & distribution
multi-channel retail
insurance
education
legal
health










'afd', 'afd bankfinder', 'afd pocket bankfinder', ‘censation’, ‘data evolution’, 'afd mailsaver', 'afd names & numbers', 'pocket names & numbers', 'afd postcode', 'pocket postcode', 'postcode everywhere', ‘postcode evolution’, 'afd refiner', ‘robot’, ‘the postcode people’, ‘afd worldaddress’, ‘zipaddress’, 'pocket zipaddress', 'tracemaster', the afd worldaddress and envelope devices are registered trademarks of zipaddress ltd.

copyright © 2025 zipaddress ltd and copyright © 2025 afd software ltd. all rights reserved.




























×





general enquiries 






01624 811711







0333 433 0711 from uk landline and mobile







postcode@afd.co.uk





support






01624 811712







0333 433 0712 from uk landline and mobile







support@afd.co.uk







request a call back

 












name *





email *


please enter a valid email address



telephone *


please enter a valid phone number



postcode


please enter a valid postcode



message







submit

















×





sign up

 












first name*





last name*






address*



search again
manual input
address search



property





street





locality





town





postcode





company*





work email*


please enter a business email address



phone number







sign up






























