


x-ray book co.





























 





 

          x-ray book co. will be back in 2025
          stay tuned!
          


              --------------------------
              

            gary panter
            'anglo stunts'
            8.5 x 11
            
            printed in a signed edition of 33 copies

sold out 




            - - - - - - - - - -

            kut 1 : collage zine
              - $20.00 - 
              email or visit our etsy shop
https://www.etsy.com/shop/xraybookco          



featuring the kut-ups collage gang. limited to a numbered edition of 100 copies. hand printed letterpress covers, 32 pages full color digital on fine paper. 8.5 x 5.5 chap/zine, included; one tipped in piece of original art by mark faigenbaum. 
            published by x-ray book co.
the kutups
            est. 2014, san francisco ca (manifesto excerpt)
            we shall resurrect from heaps of newspaper, discards, advertisements, punched tickets, the sunday times and give them a new life, a 2nd chance. the otherwise unwanted, abused and orphaned medium shall be taken in and given a warm place to sleep. we're not satisfied with the existing form, image, media manipulation and propaganda. the materials must be scrambled and reassembled to render new ideas. shift in perspective will give way to allow unfettered consciousness to emerge.

            - - - - - - -


            hand printed letterpress broadside in an edition of 75 numbered copies
he went for the windmills, yes was originally published in the big scream. 
            this edition to commemorate the forthcoming and final book of uncollected 
            and unpublished work: storm for the living and the dead.
            x-ray book co. originally published the poem 
              storm for the living and the dead so this brings us full circle.
cover illustration by bill hamper (billy childish)

            speacial thanks to:
            linda lee bukowski, abel debritto, ecco, billy childish, l-13 

(( sold out ))







 


 
 
 






© 2023
x-ray book & novelty co.
    
    










