























peters | books & furniture for schools & libraries - peters














































peters books for schools














our services
about usvisit peterspublic librariesnewscontact 

help
wishlist
log in / register

















search
isbn
title
author
series
keyword
dewey

illustrator
thema
publisher
furniture





go

advancedsearch

for help, advice and telephone ordering call our team on 0121 666 6646





loading...




loading...






manage baskets 










browse


more from petersbooks for teachersbook subscriptionscelebrating diversity and inclusivitydownloadable resources empathylab's read for empathylit in colourposter creatorworld book day 2025books for primarybrowse popularaccelerated reader™book bandingbooks for reluctant readersbook subscriptionsbook talk cardsclass setsdiverse and inclusiveearly years100 books to read before you leave primary schoolreading for pleasurenew primary fictionnew primary non-fictionbeginner readsdiverse and inclusive readsgraphic novelsjunior fictionolder picture bookspicture bookspoetryshort chapter booksreading spinesguided readingwhole class readsdear or primary tutor time readscurriculum supportkey stage 1 curriculum topicskey stage 2 curriculum topicsreading supportdual language and ealhilo pshe, empathy and wellbeingsendbooks for secondarybrowse by key stageks3gcsea levelbrowse by exam board aqaedexcelocrwjecclass setssee all class set titlesgcse set textsa level set textsdictionaries and atlasestextbooksrevision and study guidescareersreading for pleasurenew fictionnew non-fictionadult fictiondiverse and inclusive booksgraphic novelstiktokyoung adult fiction (ks4&5)100 books to read before you leave secondary school100 books for every year groupreading support and interventionaccelerated reader™book talk cardshilophonics and fluencytransitiontutor time reading spinecpdaccelerated readersee all accelerated readerbrowse all quizzed titlesbespoke selections for accelerated readeraccelerated reader book packssearch by interest level


lower years (5-8)




middle years (9-13)




middle years + (12+)




upper years (14+)


search by reading age


0 - 1.9




2 - 2.9




3 - 3.9




4 - 4.9




5 - 5.9




6+


book packsbrowse all book packsbestsellersaccelerated reader packsbook band packsbooksfortopics packsdiverse and inclusivelibrary packsprimary curriculum packsenglishgeographyhistorymathspshe/smscreligious educationscienceaccelerated reader™ packsar level packsar interest age packsar year group packsbook band packsthemed packschallenging readsdiverse and inclusiveeallibrarynew titles and recommended readssendthemed and genrewellbeing and psheyear groupexclusive partner packsbooksfortopics cosy collectioninclusive books for childrenlinked englishlit in colourlittle people big dreamsread for empathyfurniture and designfurniturefurniture homepagebrowse all furniture productsnewly addeddownload nursery and primary furniture brochuredownload secondary furniture brochuredesign servicesour design servicebook a design visitcase studiesinspire meproductsbook displaybook cornersclassroom essentialsdesks and tablesseatingshelvingstoragefeature pieces accessoriespopular themesbrightsnaturenurseryoutdoorssensory 






sorry, but you already have a basket with that name. please use something else.


are you sure you wish to delete this basket?()
this action cannot be undone.

confirm
cancel




























ok






sorry, something went wrong
please report the problem here.

ok








 




expert librarians and children's book specialists



up to 40% off class sets and bulk orders



free uk delivery over £75












peters children's book of the year award
celebrating the best children's and teen fiction and non-fiction published this year, as chosen by our librarians and children's book specialists.
view the shortlists




book subscriptions
start each term with a box of brand new books. contains the best newly published titles for primary and key stage 3.
sign up today




phonics support for key stage 2
decodable phonics readers for ks2 and beyond, as well as hilo and books for send pupils.
browse all






books for primary
books for secondary
furniture and library design




books of the week



our librarians and children's book specialists' highest rated titles of the week.
really does highlight the efforts made during world war 2 by the (secret) special operation executive (soe), the resistance, code breakers and of course, animals. contains an old fashion charm in the writing and wonderful named characters: bertie bulldog (animal prime minister). easy-reading with lots of funny illustrations, it's an exciting adventure, a daring rescue mission and working together for the greater good (don't eat chickens if you are a fox, especially if they are a genius code breaker and trying to help you!). plenty of humour, some subtle, some obvious, it's accessible and perfect reading for pleasure. would work equally well for libs, schools/topics. 
more books of the week





log in to see all books of the week

log in








an unlikely blend of dragons and science-fiction works perfectly to produce an innovative, exciting space adventure. gripping action from page one never lets up with characters that intrigue. epic new series, brilliant read





the last dragon on mars
scott reintgen 
 
 






great mix of sci-fi and thoughtful social commentary around disabilities and inclusion, along with some creepy scares and a plucky main character. really enjoyable. 





the vulpine
polly crosby 
 
 






difficult circumstances are delicately explored and reed's resourcefulness is both controversial and understandable. writing is good, flows beautifully and it's a heartbreaking, hopeful journey of taking responsibility and healing, a fantastic read.





diet soda club
chaz hayden 
 
 






an extraordinarily powerful piece of writing, all the more powerful for it's straightforward simplicity. useful for wwii and holocaust topics.





one day
michael rosen 
 
 






gorgeously illustrated ode to the deep bond between grandparent and child, perfectly capturing the changing seasons and warmth of family life. just lovely. 





dancing dumplings for my one and only
eva wong nava 
 
 






a simple and sweet tale about counting. written in rhyming text, this has cute characters and delightful illustrations. a great addition to picture book selections.





one in a million
smriti halls 
 
 






exuberant character, sweet message & attractive illus make for an enjoyable sharing read





never dance with a dinosaur
pamela butchart 
 
 






full of fascinating facts, amazing places and some great photos, this is guaranteed to make you want to go on holiday! excellent browser. 





your ultimate travel adventure list
anna brett 
 
 






a moving and gripping account of one family's experience of living through ww2. limited text and font a bit small but all flows beautifully and allows the fantastic illus to bring it all to life. very accessible, a must for all colls. set for more 





blitz
martin impey 
 
 






with a stunning and vibrant front cover, this heart-warming and poignant romantic novel grips from the beginning with its painstakingly raw themes of love, healing and self-discovery. an impressive debut novel.





midnights with you
clare osongco 
 
 






a simple, flexible story that could be used to highlight family or climate change/seasons or just as a straightforward read. notes at the back on the origins of the tale which add another layer. beautiful, inclusive illus & really lovely 





king winter's birthday
jonathan freedland 
 
 






lovely, easy-reading stories that inspired famous pieces of music. it's a beautiful book, stunning illus by mayhew and info at the back on each piece of music so you could listen and read! great for folktale, good for schools/topics & storytime  





a symphony of stories
james mayhew 
 
 






beautifully illustrated spotters' guide, covering all seasons and most uk habitats. ideal to consult after a hearty walk or just as inspiration for your next outdoor adventure.





a story of the seasons
anna wilson 
 
 






described as gender-flipping dumas' the count of monte cristo, this is gripping from the outset with pacey action, a feisty female lead, strong cultural references and a buzzing, well-developed plot. a harsh but excellent debut, an author to watch





for she is wrath
emily varga 
 
 






 



pre-order carnegie packs 2025
pre-order now





book jacketing and labelling
find out more





download book talk cards
explore now





book lists by librarians and specialists
see all







special offers


browse all 882 titles on special offer

browse all


get up to 40% off rrp on thousands of titles this term.






                                                browse all 75 titles
                                            



35% off pearson york notes gcse 




                                                browse all 120 titles
                                            



30% off pearson york notes a-level




                                                browse all 206 titles
                                            



35% off pearson gcse revise




                                                browse all 64 titles
                                            



35% off pearson btec revise




                                                browse all 32 titles
                                            



30% off pearson as/a level revise




                                                browse all 118 titles
                                            



up to 40% off primary class sets




                                                browse all 22 titles
                                            



up to 40% off class sets for transition years




                                                browse all 71 titles
                                            



35% off hungry tomatoes non-fiction




                                                browse all 20 titles
                                            



30% off book talk card titles




                                                browse all 106 titles
                                            



up to 40% off secondary class sets




                                                browse all 49 titles
                                            



35% off stories for maths




following the murder of her brother, teenager cynthia starts at a new private school where she tries to get over the past and develops a romance with a fellow pupil




cuts both ways – national teen book club











recommended reads

log in to see all 5,338 recommended reads

log in

the most exciting new fiction and non-fiction releases for children and young people, chosen by our librarians and children's book specialists.







a funny story with lots of heart that would make a good class read. really good for empathy and perspective taking and will raise lots of questions for discussion while being light-hearted. fine as a standalone





the day my school got famous
jen carney 
 
 






in the current political climate this book is a ray of light shining through the dark, highlighting how simple acts of kindness can make such a massive difference to someone's life. a must for school libraries.





the bicycle
patricia mccormick 
 
 






cracking fantasy adventure with hugely inventive world-building and a plucky main character. stands out in a crowded market and set for more.





meticulous jones and the skull tattoo
philippa leathley 
 
 






delusional and very daft main character is wholly entertaining with a supporting cast of relatable angsty teenagers. great fun with plenty to enjoy here. 





the romantic tragedies of a drama king
harry trevaldwyn 
 
 






plenty of laugh out loud moments and completely bonkers with lively black and white illustrations that help bring the characters to life. an eventful and hilarious tale with friendship at the core, buy lots!





mission improbable
tom percival 
 
 






this is a lot of fun! told partly in the present day and partly as an adventure for the original five, it's a well crafted romp. has the flavour of the originals brought up to date - it's nice to see a feisty anne! a great start to a new series





five and the forgotten treasure
chris smith 
 
 






a very assessible and engaging, fun read. the graphics on one page with facts on the other works really well. it's a solid platform for learning, good dip-in and would work for reluctant readers. excellent intro to chemistry for libs/topics/schools





how to make a diamond and other incredible ideas about chemistry
william potter 
 
 






great mix of sci-fi and thoughtful social commentary around disabilities and inclusion, along with some creepy scares and a plucky main character. really enjoyable. 





the vulpine
polly crosby 
 
 






an interesting ghost story that is more spooky than truly horrifying. slightly slow in places, however the characterisation is good and the jamaican setting is well rendered. a strong debut and worth having





honeysuckle and bone
trisha tobias 
 
 






great strong characters, the momentum from previous books is kept up in this fast paced adventure. a worthy and satisfying conclusion to the series that i couldn't put down.  definitely buy!





the legendary scarlett and browne
jonathan stroud 
 
 






it's a plot that has been done many times before but it's done very well here - titch is an endearing character who faces many challenges. it's well paced and the vocabulary is very good. accompanied by lots of lovely illustrations. set for a sequel





bravepaw and the heartstone of alluria
l m wilkinson 
 
 






difficult circumstances are delicately explored and reed's resourcefulness is both controversial and understandable. writing is good, flows beautifully and it's a heartbreaking, hopeful journey of taking responsibility and healing, a fantastic read.





diet soda club
chaz hayden 
 
 






an extraordinarily powerful piece of writing, all the more powerful for it's straightforward simplicity. useful for wwii and holocaust topics.





one day
michael rosen 
 
 






it's a good plot and an enjoyable read and more fantasy than romance. the main character gets bogged down with too much overthinking.  the ideas are fresh and intelligent, though the writing style feels quite young. overall, a high quality read.





a language of dragons
s f williams 
 
 






gorgeously illustrated ode to the deep bond between grandparent and child, perfectly capturing the changing seasons and warmth of family life. just lovely. 





dancing dumplings for my one and only
eva wong nava 
 
 









new and highlighted


see all

see all


don't miss the latest new children's and young adult titles, out this week.



 






a family enjoy the celebration of holi together.











the princess in black has her work cut out when a mysterious kitten is left on her doorstep.











join bear on his journey through the year with lots of friends to meet, places to explore and things to spot along the way.











the classic animal tales set in india written by kipling











when dad tells luna and her little sister aurora that they're going to live in a real tower, it's like they've stepped inside a fairytale, but everything is not as magical as it first seems...











count down from 10 with the red-bottomed dragons.











a sizzling and heart-racing new story set in the kingdom of ilya.











one of the most haunting and atmospheric love stories ever written.











an abridgement of the classic story about the romantic fortunes of elizabeth bennet and her four sisters.






 







uk top 20 children's and ya fiction


see all

see all


high street bestsellers in children's and young adult fiction for the week ending 8 february 2025. 



 






explores the origin of the beloved dog man characters s as they join forces to stop the space cuties from destroying the city. 











follows the forbidden romance between a powerful prince and an ordinary girl as they try to survive their kingdom's gruelling laws pitting them against each other.











greg is stressed out after discovering his school might be closed and he will be separated from his best friend, rowley.











monkey and the gang are on a hunt to find bunny, after he mysteriously disappeared.











sim and his mum never live anywhere long. when dangerous strangers appear one night, sim discovers why. his mum has been keeping secrets: she has the power to open doors in time.











follows the adventures of a character created by george and harold who is half dog and half man and fights crime as a policeman.











greg discovers that when you mix heaps of family, a tiny beach house and sweltering heat, it's a recipe for disaster!











dog man and reformed villain petey put aside their past to help cat kid.











dog man is fired from the police, while petey the cat's evil father runs amok.











when bunny, monkey and friends discover that all of existence is a virtual reality simulation, life gets a little bit crazy...











discover where the wind will take you in this magical hot air balloon adventure











dog man confronts the dastardly piggy and his latest plot to sabotage the supa buddies and the city











a boy enrols at a wizard school and has amazing adventures.











lottie brooks is 11 3/4 and her life is already officially over - not only is she about to start high school without any friends or glamorous swooshy hair, she's just discovered she's too flat-chested to wear a bra! 











paedyn is running away from kai after killing his father, the king, and he hunts her across the deadly scorches.











half dog half man policeman dog man must stop a criminal cat











after being dunked in tomato juice, the stink is gone but the scarlet red colour remains. now exiled, he must struggle to save the citizens who shunned him.











mango and brash investigate missing school mascots and and a plan to attack their boss, while under cover as school pupils.











when pig disappears an unusual bearded stranger appears...











lottie brooks goes on holiday and gets her very first boyfriend






 







mental health - primary 


see all

see all


a selection of fiction and non-fiction books suitable for primary age children. these books have a positive mental health focus covering behaviour, emotion, depression and give solutions and mechanisms to cope.



 






an iconic picture book collaboration about feelings and acceptance from two of the most beloved voices in children's literature.











the true story of one girl's journey growing up autistic - and the challenges she faced in the 'normal' world.











a story designed to help children talk about their anxieties in which a boy is beset by a big worry monster until he talks about his worries which makes the monster seem not so big and scary.











an essential guide for supporting children's emotional and mental wellbeing.











an introduction to mindfulness, helps young children to tune into their minds and bodies.











a guide to mindfulness with 50 activities for children and advice for parents and teachers.











packed with tons of practical tips for finding the joy in each and every day.











celebrates anxiety and kindness by exploring the hidden places to be found in a busy city.











after ten-year-old, autistic daniel has a car accident he retreats into a fantasy world with his toy monkey, and his family use his love of chips to go on a road trip to bring him back into himself











when huw's nan starts to show signs of dementia, she begins confusing huw with the brother she's never talked about, johnny.  can huw uncover johnny's story?











when todd and laurie's dad whisks them away to a mysterious run down hotel in the middle of the night, they find themselves thrust into an adventure. 











a young girl and a fox find their way out of a dark place to a bright future with the help of friends along the way.











a guide to healthy thinking habits and coping strategies.











a young autistic boy called leo finds it hard to understand the world, until he connects with an octopus called maya and begins to learn about friendship.











looks at how to practise mindfulness and deal with stress in a healthy way.











pablo and his friends find a way for him to show people how he's feeling when he can't find the words or show it on his face.











a little girl who has trouble making connections with other children decides to try making friends out of craft materials.











an autistic girl learns to be herself instead of trying to hide her condition from people around her.











explore times when children find it difficult to be calm and offers some practical solutions. 











a poignant story full of love and gentle humour to help young children understand dementia.






 







mental health - secondary 


see all

see all


a list aimed at secondary pupils to help support students with different aspects of mental health. themes of anxiety, bullying, eating disorders, loneliness, belonging, depression, bereavement and blended families are all explored, as well as advice and practical tips offered. 



 






an empowering and practical guide to help children unplug from their phones











far from home, seb reluctantly teams up with eleanor again and the pair are forced to compete in a series of ever stranger trials to prove their connection.











a quiet and isolated teenager finds school life becomes unbearable when she wins a school sprint race leading a group of popular girls to target her and make her life a misery











a teenager struggling with depression finds solace listening to a new podcast which seems to reflect her own issues and problems











welcome to the sad ghost club - a club for anyone who has ever felt sad or lost.











presents a teenage guide to tackling anxiety.











when tom's mum and zofia's dad announce they are having a baby and moving in together, the polar opposite children struggle to cope with the situation.  











when seb is offered a place on a radical retreat designed to solve the national crisis of teenage unhappiness, he is determined to change how people see him and make his parents proud.











follows 11-year-old gala, who has just moved from spain to scotland with her dad to live with his boyfriend, and her difficulties with learning english and adapting to her new home.











ellie pillai has decided to be a better friend, daughter, future sister and all round better person. which means trying to help and sometimes doing the exact opposite.











an illustrated coming-of-age verse novel about family, mental health and the healing power of music.











a gripping romance about two teens: a certified genius living with a diagnosed mental illness and a politician's son who is running from his own addiction and grief. 











explores solutions and coping strategies for those who find themselves overwhelmed worrying about the future of our planet











guide to 52 core problems faced by teen girls today including online safety, career choices, and relationship issues











follows jake, a teenage boy grappling with disordered eating, and chronicles the victories and obstacles he encounters on his journey towards recovery.











a girl looks back on her childhood, where she spent time growing up in nigeria and manchester











a coming of age story, a love story, an earthquake story and a story of finding your way back from grief.











discover seven stories of teenage struggles, from body image issues to drug abuse, as experienced by real-life teenagers. 











follows the life of 17-year-old almond brown who has no friends, but 3.5 million followers.











presents advice for some of the most common problems faced by teenagers






 





 
start your story with peters








"the library that peters designed for us is perfect for our school. the students have been very excited by our new space, and often comment on how calm it feels. there is a real buzz around the library now, which wasn't there before."
danielle rose - librarian , the streetly academy


"i would order with peters every time. we have made several large orders in the last few years, completely replacing all our library books and they have made it so easy and exciting with a wonderful range of books. they are helpful, timely and brilliantly organised. i cannot recommend them highly enough!"
caroline urrutia - literacy coordinator, first tower school, jersey


"we have had a big drive on reading for pleasure and with the brilliant support of peters we have been very successful in developing a reading for pleasure culture in school. so many more children are able to talk about favourite authors and make suggestions to each other about what to read next."
katie hutchison - reading leader, scraptoft valley primary


"peters took the time to understand our brief and really get to know the needs of our pupils. they then put together a wonderfully diverse and inclusive range of books so our pupils can see themselves reflected, read the classics, read a book in their home language. we now have a library that is just right for our pupils and will be a place where reading is loved!"  
rebecca eaton - headteacher, conway primary school, birmingham






this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. review our cookies information for more details.

accept
more info





contact us

 hello@peters.co.uk
 0121 666 6646
 send a message
meet the team
peters ltd
120 bromsgrove street
birmingham
b5 6rj




our services
bespoke selectionsbookshoppublic librarieslibrary audit servicesinternational schoolsspecial schoolsfurniture and library designbook servicingfree bib. databuy book jackets and labels 

other
news and blogsign up for our newslettersupport your schoolour partnerspartner publisherscareersposter creatorhelpprivacy policyterms & conditions 





















 


