







equal rights amendment































































































cart
















0
















              home
            

            why
          

            history
          

ratification


            faq
          



            resources
          

            toolkit
          

            about
          

            blog
          

            donate
          





back


            paths to ratification
          

            in congress
          

            ratification by state
          




































































cart
















0











homewhyhistory
ratification

paths to ratification
in congress
ratification by state

faq











resourcestoolkitaboutblogdonate









scroll








equal rightsamendment  











 the equal rights amendment (era), first proposed in 1923, is an amendment to the united states constitution that guarantees equality of rights under the law for all persons regardless of sex. as of january 27, 2020, the era has satisfied the requirements of article v of the constitution for ratification (passage by two-thirds of each house of congress and approval by three-fourths of the states). leading constitutional scholars agree that the era is now part of the constitution. because of issues raised about its unique ratification process (explained on the frequently asked questions page), the archivist of the united states has not yet taken the final ministerial step of publishing the era in the federal register with certification of its ratification as the 28thamendment.




    learn more
  



“equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the united states or by any state on account of sex.” 













has your state ratified the era?
find out which states have ratified the equal rights amendment, and when they did.



check my state























how can you help?
we give you the tools you need to be an effective advocate for the era. check out our era toolkit for ready-to-post social media items, white papers, presentations, and much more to help you ratify the era to the u.s. constitution. all items are free for you to download!



toolkit























removing the time limit
when the 117th u.s. congress convened in full for the first time on thursday, january 21, 2021 resolutions with bipartisan support were introduced to remove the time limit placed upon the equal rights amendment in 1972. on wednesday, march 17, 2021, the u.s. house of representatives voted to remove the time limit with a vote of 222-204 on hj res 17. attention now turns to the u.s. senate and moving sj res 1 to the floor for a vote.click here to learn more.






















era history















guides & documents 















modes to ratification













get the facebook frame!
show your support for the equal rights amendment with our new facebook frame. add it to your profile!search for the frame titled “i support the era.”






    get the frame
  













get your merch!
show your support for legally protected gender equality and the equal rights amendment all year long. proceeds directly support this website.super soft cotton. all sizes. starting at $24.99. order here!










the era is supported by












































































































































































































































































welcome



state ratification



how can you help



virginia 38th state



learn more



supported by










© 2018 alice paul institute • site design by kathryn elizabeth colohan, jill s. and krista joy niles







subscribe to our newsletter
* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 





 









alice paul institute
128 hooton road,
mount laurel, nj, 08054,
united states
856
info


hours








































