



	ahfa | american home furnishings alliance
















































                                regulatory compliance
                            





flame retardants
flammability
formaldehyde
furniture stability
cam
carb
cpsia
alliance4safety
proposition 65
boiler mact

                                                    |
                                                

compliance toolboxes









                                media
                            






latest news


furniture trends


industry facts


media contacts


annual reports









                                what we do
                            






about ahfa


member benefits


become a member


furnpac


board of directors


furniture foundation









                                events
                            



                                member resources
                            






directories


education


guides & manuals


publications


standards


solution partners


specialized furniture carriers


myfurniturecareer.com


marketing/pr


scholarship program


covid-19
















log in/become a member







×

member login













uh oh! the username or password does not match what's on record.  please try again.
success!  logging you in now.  the page will refresh momentarily.




remember me

forgot your password?
if this is your first time visiting our new site and you are a returning member, please click the 'forgot your password?' link above to create a new password.





not a member yet?

become a member today










×

forgot password










uh oh! the username or password does not match what's on record.  please try again.
an email was sent to the address you entered and should arrive soon.















×

welcome back scott






member dashboard
log out













×

please provide your information so we can process your request.


































all fields required.  please check your entry and try again.
thank you!  your download should begin shortly.










the official voice of the home furnishings industry
we’re at the table, so you don’t have to be.
see all member benefits












events



registration is now open for the 2025 logistics conference
june 16, 2025
view event






latest news



alex williams joins ahfa
january 7, 2025
read article






latest news



fashion snoops executive to keynote 2025 marketing/pr conference
january 7, 2025
read article






latest news



andy bray takes helm at ahfa
december 9, 2024
read article












see all the latest regulatory & industry news
ahfa is your authoritative source for the industry news and updates you need most
browse articles









upcoming ahfa events




ahfa event

2025 logistics conference
new dates
june 16-18 / 2025
asheville, nc
event details




ahfa event

2025 regulatory summit
new dates
august 20-21 / 2025
colfax, nc




ahfa event

2025 marketing/pr conference
new dates
august 27-28 / 2025
colfax, nc
event details


see all events








your exclusive regulatory toolbox

                            federal and state mandates related to product safety, chemical exposure, workforce management and corporate governance multiply every year. ahfa’s comprehensive toolbox of guidance documents brings companies the insights, education and resources they need to manage compliance challenges.
                        
see compliance toolboxes








member resources

                    from the manual of furniture labeling laws to a proposition 65 compliance toolbox to the archive of member bulletins and furniture executive newsletters, the ahfa website is a repository for the resources you need, whenever you need them.
                




education & training





pr assistance





guides & manuals





publications & bulletins





compliance toolbox





scholarship program








exclusive member dashboard

                    customize your website experience by using the new member dashboard. tag articles, resources or events for easy reference. you can also tailor a contact list of solution partners members on your dashboard, giving you a quick link to companies that provide the equipment, supplies or professional services you need.
                




see all member benefits


become a member today








directories
when you need to make a business connection, these members-only resources provide the key contacts you need.







member directory

                                    ahfa’s printed membership directory is mailed at the beginning of each year with contact information for all ahfa member companies, including all icfa manufacturer/importer members, solution partners and specialized furniture carriers. you can access the digital version from anywhere by clicking on the quick link below! updates to the digital version can be made throughout the year by emailing nicholas spino, website & digital communications manager, at nspino@ahfa.us.
                                
view directory





industry resource guide

                                    the industry resource guide is a searchable database of ahfa solution partners companies that provide a vast assortment of equipment, materials and professional services needed by home furnishings manufacturers and importers. executives can perform targeted searches using either a user-defined keyword or an alphabetized category and sub-category index.
                                
view guide





specialized furniture carriers directory

                                    specialized furniture carriers have dedicated their companies and resources to handling, transporting and warehousing residential furniture. with unique equipment and skills, their services are distinguished from general commodities carriers. search our exclusive directory to find the specific services your business requires.
                                
view directory






























solution partners

                    ahfa’s solution partners are dedicated to advancing the growth and global influence of the home furnishings industry by supporting and strengthening the ties between manufacturers and suppliers worldwide.
                





networking opportunities
the solution partners division facilitates business relationships by providing professional networking opportunities during ahfa-sponsored educational programs and events, including the exclusive ceo conference and annual meeting each november.



annual education golf tournament
the solution partners education golf tournament supports a variety of education initiatives, including the solution partners scholarship program, which presents $30,000 in education awards each year to the children of industry workers.



advertising & marketing
advertising in both the print and online ahfa membership directories is available only to ahfa solution partners members, providing them with a unique and powerful platform for enhancing marketing efforts within the home furnishings industry.



leadership opportunities
the solution partners division is governed by its own board of directors, providing participating executives with important opportunities for both leadership and visibility within the industry. the board meets twice a year during april and october high point markets.


more about solution partners





also from ahfa



icfa offers tools for manufacturers, retailers, sales representatives, designers and suppliers to stay on the leading edge of a growing outdoor furnishings market.
visit icfanet.org













                            1912 eastchester drive, suite 100, high point, nc 27265
                        



                            t: 336.884.5000
                            e: info@ahfa.us
                        









contact ahfa




©  american home furnishings alliance. all rights reserved.   /   privacy policy










