


pride enterprises














home | about us | moving forward | contact us | place order | available products | careers | annual report| audited financials


 







pride is a self-funded enterprise whose mission makes a positive difference in florida. we make communities safer and save taxpayers money by training eligible inmates in vocational skills and transitioning them into the job market upon completion of their sentences. this job-centered approach lowers the number of repeat offenders and reduces criminal justice costs for all citizens. customers invest in florida when they purchase pride products and services by starting the training-to-job cycle. pride is not run for a profit; instead we combine enterprise with social mission to create a positive impact on communities, people, and customers.





















 








  

for over 40 years pride has helped keep florida communities safe by significantly reducing recidivism rates of ex-offenders. inmates receive real world skills through over 37 job training programs in 17 state facilities offering hundreds of certifications that prepare them for re-entry into communities as productive citizens. inmates that participate in pride training programs are three times less likely to commit a new offense upon release from a correctional institution than non-participants. 

			          collaborating with the florida department of corrections (fdc), pride offers tabe and ged academy programs at every pride industry institution. these online software programs are offered within our career resource centers (crc) and prepare inmates for their successful ged completion. the normal flow begins with an inmate starting with tabe academy, advance to ged academy, and finally, the fdc administers the ged test. pride's ged program participants allow the fdc to increase the number of inmates preparing and completing his/her ged. 






in the photo at left, you have: govinda rai, braille manager, remero green, director, mission programs, inmate victor mackey, ged graduate, and julia gonzalez, workforce development specialist.




pride is the only private program of its type in the us and operates as a not-for-profit corporation, with board oversight, to fulfill four missions defined by florida statute. pride is funded exclusively through the net proceeds from sales of products and services manufactured by pride inmate training programs. pride serves as a model example of the privatization of government functions and reduces the cost of state government for florida's taxpayers by millions of dollars every year. 

 





















 as pride enters a new decade, we continue to centralize our focus on embracing new technology as directed by our strategic plan. significant financial resources are being invested in state-of- the- art computers/servers, upgraded infra-structure hardware/software systems, and cybersecurity detection and monitoring software. installation of sophisticated firewalls that block access to our network and a rigorous cybersecurity framework will ensure that our company and customers’ digital processing will be processed efficiently and securely.

						our it professionals, with the assistance of highly qualified it consultants are developing not only advanced security systems, but a new platform for both our website and e-commerce portal. our unified web experience will provide customers with an experience that provides product information, an automated shopping cart, and will be linked directly with pride’s re-designed website. we are also rebuilding our entire infrastructure from a “greenfield” base. no system that operated on our legacy servers or workstations will be used.

						these investments will not only allow us to meet the future needs of our customers but will enhance our ability to offer meaningful vocational and job training work programs to our inmate workforce. as we progress through the next year, we will also explore opportunities to upgrade our erp system and provide a customer relationship management solution that will benefit both our organization and our customers.

						we urge you to contact our customer service department if you have any questions regarding the ordering process or any concern about a specific order. thank you for your patience during our rebuilding phase and for your support of the pride mission. 





















corporate office
						1463 oakfield drive #126
						brandon, fl 33511

mailing address
						p.o. box 4480
						brandon, fl 33509-4480
						

office: 813-324-8700
                            
                            

information: info@pride-enterprises.org

customer service center
  9544 county road 476b 
bushnell, fl 33513

office: 813-890-6557
email: customerservice@pride-enterprises.org









  











											if you wish to place an order please contact our customer service department using the number or email below.
											thank you for choosing pride.
										













customer service center

							9544 county road 476b
							

								bushnell, fl 33513

office: 813-890-6557
email: customerservice@pride-enterprises.org






								if you wish to place an online order for sanitary and maintenance products please visit our store at shop-pe.org












available products by category


pride's statewide inmate training programs produce over 3,000 products available to florida's businesses and  state agencies. please review this partial list of products and if you have any questions, please feel free to contact our customer service department using the toll-free telephone numbers or email address displayed above.




 










category / product


furniture


reupholstery 
					                  (commercial, hotels, library's, etc)


solid wood tops (restaurant)


fire station furniture 
					                  (recliners, beds, lockers, etc)


seating


casegoods


desks


office work stations


storage solutions


dormitory furniture 
					                  (beds, wardrobes, nightstands, etc)


metal products


outdoor grills


fire rings


serpentins bike racks


lantern holders


beds


lockers



animal resistant trash receptacles


iron ranger lockable fee boxes


detention furniture


dental


complete dentures


cast metal rpd


acrylic rpd


flexible rpd


acrylic repairs


orthodontics


e-max crowns


metal crowns


 printing & graphics


mailings


envelopes


labels


forms


business cards


stationery


wide format


signage


decals


digital services


 data entry and keying


scanning and indexing


paint (traffic marking paint)


florida dot specification 971-3


florida dot specification 971-4 high durable 


georgia dot specification


georgia dot high durable specification 


south carolina dot approved specification 


north carolina specification 


federal specification tt-p 1952f type i,ii, and iii


food


ground meats



 







category / product


sewn products


uniforms


jail sets


hats


boots


mattresses


embroidery


screen print


corrugated box


trash receptacles


storage boxes


ballot receptacles


file storage


custom displays


slotted cartons


sm&s


floor  care chemicals and service supplies


general  purpose chemicals and service supplies


hygiene  and personal care products


kitchen  chemicals and service supplies


laundry  chemicals and service supplies


vehicle  care products


lumber


pressure treated and non pressure treated lumber


rough cut lumber


planed lumber


fencing posts


stakes


pilings


specialty fencing


park furniture (wood & plastic)


picnic tables


park benches


metal leg tables


transit benches


contour benches


trail benches


trash receptacles


kiosks


retread tire


retreads


cap and casings


heavy vehicle restoration


restoration


paint


body


fabrication


license plates


license plates


vanity plates


optical


complete eyeglasses


surface only (lenses)





 








 






home | about us | moving forward | contact us | place order | available products | careers








