


matrix essays : the matrix essays blog






















matrix essays







	  essays about the matrix
	  



archives




rss feed


reviews
          "a matrix blog so full of dystopian goodness and v.v. cool, black dust-coated, philosophical chin-strokery that it had to be linked."  -- firstseason

          listed as an example of a "great blog" on earthlink's guide to blogging.
          
          "and i thought i tended to overanalyze!" -- protoplasmal

          "[the matrix] has far more potential for intellectual masturbation than star trek as this blog proves superbly." -- harry

          selected as a "blog of note" by blogger

          listed in technorati's interesting newcomers

          "i'm pretty sure that when it comes to the matrix, though, there's no such thing as overanalysis." -- thetape

          "what more could a hard-core fan of the matrix ask for?" -- between the lines

this site is a confirmed reality trip!


swag
support this blog: order the "there is no mug" mug


parodies
matrix rap
matrix: reseussed


other places we hang out
newsback
chessboxing
iron monkey
snarkfest


matrix sites
official movie site
animatrix
philosophy and the matrix
matrix theories
hackthematrix
matrix community

music
sarah fimm
trespassers william
cory sipper
dremana






contact
nicholas at graphicsengines.com  
          tom_good1atexcite.com
          


cosmos



orblogs



          geourl
          







          "we're interested in mythology, archetypes, and trying to reinvestigate them in a modern context." -- larry wachowski, quoted in ew

article links: to link to a specific article on this blog, click on the hyperlink labeled "permalink" at the end of the article, then use that url as your link.
          




	  
    	  friday, january 04, 2008
   	  
        

 

           is it real? taking thematrix seriously


people who've watched thematrix have at one time or other wondered, what if it were real? ...and then quickly dismiss the thought as too improbable you might as well believe you're really a flying superhero and this life is just a dream.but beyond the concept being a mere interesting thought experiment, and because far too many researches have been more bizarre, someone's finally taking the concept seriously, and his name is brian whitworth. says he:"logically the world could be an information simulation running on a three-dimensional space-time screen. indeed, if the essence of the universe is information, matter, charge, energy and movement could be aspects of information, and the many conservation laws could be a single law of information conservation. if the universe were a virtual reality, its creation at the big bang would no longer be paradoxical, as every virtual system must be booted up."official link: here.document link (pdf format): here.

posted by nicholas at 12:24 am  
        (permalink)
feedback





	  
    	  tuesday, december 04, 2007
   	  
        

 
           
           the matrix tarot


daniel böttger writes of an eye opening reinterpretation that is apparent now that he mentions it:"something very fascinating i found, which is so obscure it has apparently escaped everyone's attention so far, but is really very obvious once you look at it, is the movie's very close relation to the story structure of "the fool's journey", an concept from western esotericism. it is related to joseph campbell's "hero with a thousand faces" prototypical myth, but is arguably integrated into the film much more closely. it explains a lot of things: such as how trinity and the agents jones, smith and brown got their names, why morpheus was held in a tower, not in a proper prison, or why all extras in the scene with the woman in red are twins or doubles.i made a video about it that illustrates my point: please see it here."thanks, daniel.labels: esotericism, fool's journey

posted by nicholas at 10:00 pm  
        (permalink)
feedback







 

           the super matrix


pd wood has completed a fourth and final episode matrix 4- the super matrix which answers most of the questions and mysteries set up in the previous screenplay.you can check ou the site and download the document here. (now in "official screenplay" format.)labels: matrix 4, screenplay, super matrix

posted by nicholas at 9:51 pm  
        (permalink)
feedback





	  
    	  monday, may 07, 2007
   	  
        

 

           matrix rememory


no matter what you think about the matrix sequels, no one will argue the greatness inherent in the story of the matrix itself. and it's sad to see that with the amount of dissing the sequels got, there hadn't been any truly significant additions to the franchise, and all matrix fans are left wanting more and more, without our thirst quenched.fortunately there are still some good folks out there who aren't satisfied waiting around for something to happen, and instead shares their insights and acts to continues to propagating the concept.one recent piece is a wonderfully crafted alternate version of the third episode of the matrix trilogy, called matrix rememory by p.d. wood. a copy of the screenplay can be downloaded from matrixrememory.com and it pays tribute to matrix revolutions but expands greatly upon the characters of persephone, the merovingian and the architect. check it out; you won't regret it. then spread the word. wood had spent a lot of time on it and is trying to expose it to as many people as possible, a laudable story to add to a mighty worthy cause to sustain a stagnating classic.labels: alternative, architect, matrix, matrix revolutions, merovingian, neo, persephone, rememory, the matrix

posted by nicholas at 9:04 am  
        (permalink)
feedback





	  
    	  sunday, february 05, 2006
   	  
        

 

           the matrix and freedom


rickard has called our attention to a piece about a "relatively detailed description of the twelve movies about the matrix, and how these relate to the esoteric tradition, and in particular freedom." [read more »]

posted by nicholas at 5:24 pm  
        (permalink)
feedback





	  
    	  saturday, november 26, 2005
   	  
        

 

           the matrix explained


just when you thought the matrix had ended, along comes another game, more stories, and another site giving a nice lengthy view about the matrix conundrum.http://matrix-explained.com/the matrix lives.

posted by nicholas at 12:17 am  
        (permalink)
feedback





	  
    	  monday, december 06, 2004
   	  
        

 
           
           mother of the matrix and the wonderful world of litigation


there's an interesting entry in mefi about the ongoing travails of the "mother of the matrix" who alleges the wachowskis bogarted her work. "what if the wachowski brothers ripped off the ideas for their high-grossing trilogy from an unknown screenwriter who claims to have submitted it in response to a 1981 ad the brothers placed 'requesting new sci-fi works?'"  [mom | mf | slc] 

posted by nicholas at 11:07 pm  
        (permalink)
feedback





	  
    	  friday, november 12, 2004
   	  
        

 
           
           beyond the falling code


richard miller writes: "like everyone who resonated with the matrix i saw something special in the wachowski's work – namely, myself. what amazes me is that although many others have seen reflections of their tradition or religion in the story, i have not found anyone who supports the view that the myth is a portrait of the perennial philosopher-- self.  it seems so clear to me-- once the interpreter adopts the allegorical mapping of matrix humans to elements of our interior and matrix programs to the more exterior aspects of our biologic machinery, the rest follows "logically." i see the whole story as a fight between human and machine but taking place within the consciousness and sub consciousness of self. i can't believe others don't see this."  he has compelling and substantive details in his blog. check it out here: http://beyondthefallingcode.blogspot.com/  

posted by nicholas at 4:28 am  
        (permalink)
feedback





	  
    	  saturday, august 14, 2004
   	  
        

 

           exploring moral deliberations and ethical dillemmas through the matrix


dr. sam vaknin examines the concept and manifestations of reality from the context of the matrix, including how choice, and the interaction between a system and its participants influence, affect, and ultimately determine its destiny. it is easy to confuse the concepts of "virtual reality" and a "computerized model of reality (simulation)". the former is a self-contained universe, replete with its "laws of physics" and "logic". it can bear resemblance to the real world or not. it can be consistent or not. it can interact with the real world or not. in short, it is an arbitrary environment. in contrast, a model of reality must have a direct and strong relationship to the world. it must obey the rules of physics and of logic. the absence of such a relationship renders it meaningless. a flight simulator is not much good in a world without airplanes or if it ignores the laws of nature. a technical analysis program is useless without a stock exchange or if its mathematically erroneous...  read more

posted by nicholas at 1:42 pm  
        (permalink)
feedback





	  
    	  wednesday, august 11, 2004
   	  
        

 
           
           special note about the sites


over the months we've tried to answer the requests for this site running on the optional (and concurrent) domain name (matrixessays.com), both to match the site's redesign, but also as a special service to visitors, a few of whom have asked that it would be nice to have the option for the shorter but still straightforward domain. the idea was to point, redirect or mirror this site so that whichever domain you choose to use, you'll have the same site. at the time, movabletype was emergent with powerful new features and core functionality (multiple blogs, unlimited categories, etc.). this was also the time when blogger, beloved as it is to us, seemed to stagnate. thus we mulled it over and made a point that, since the site's redesign was underway, why not go all the way as well and port our blogging platform to mt, from which our prototype design was already skinned for. but alas, as if deus ex machina were listening, not long after this and just as we were finalizing the port, blogger (google) rolled out its much-improved redesign as well, which, while not perfect, was far better than its past, stagnant version. at the very least it gave us all the excuses we needed to stay. secondly, and at the same time, mt came out with its fuzzy and much-maligned licensing changes which put a cap on our desire to transfer. (they've since modified that too.) so now, between all that and very recent work-related constraints we've been unable to find the time just yet to port the mt redesign into a blogger template, and complete the move back. (you can say it's the kind of recursion worthy of a site like this.)  thus, for now, we reckoned it best to continue posting updates here as they come, regardless of the redesign completion (for now) and to continue with our goal of highlighting the essays and writings that further the ideas and concepts that make the matrix such an enduring phenomenon. 

posted by nicholas at 1:53 pm  
        (permalink)
feedback


















