





kansas sampler foundation | pursuing everyone's love for kansas













 
































 info@kansassampler.org


620.585.2374







  
  



















  home who we are board of directors meet our team news our history program areas our values   our projects kansas explorers club join the club renew membership member login give a gift!  kansas guidebook purchase the guidebook where to buy the guidebook kansas guidebook updates erv - the explorer research voyage  big kansas road trip 8 wonders of kansas 8 wonders of kansas  about the 8 wonders contest 8 wonders criteria  we kan! we kan! awards sign up for we kan!     e-blasts 2025 big rural brainstorm 2024 we kan! conference  rural by choice kansas powerup & go report  the powerup movement rural by choice    support us kansas sampler in your inbox support ksf 2025 ksf supporters 2024 ksf supporters    contact us  buy merch 






















preserving and sustaining
rural culture
 how we do it 

a cause worth fighting for		
								our mission is to preserve and sustain rural culture by educating kansans about kansas and networking and supporting rural communities.

we are inspired by every town that has shown the will and spirit to help itself.  that is who we are fighting for.









we made a guide for kansas
it's like an app but in book form
626 cities 1600+ pictures  105 counties
 buy the book! 

only the locals know about these spots
the kansas guidebook 2 is where you will find all of the hidden gems in kansas. want the best food in the area? we got you covered. the places only the locals know about. 










inspiring you to
explore kansas
 about kansas explorers club 

an explorer mindsetwe're so obsessed with eating (and drinking) at locally-owned restaurants and cafes, microbreweries and bakeries, that we even have people going on food quests -- like eating a pancake in every county.









we make it easy to discover the
8 wonders of kansas
 start exploring 

turn it into a contest
people proved how compassionate they are about kansas. with over 6,000 votes, over 300 nominations, we felt the love for kansas.











why we do what we do

we believe in rural culture.we believe in community.we believe in kansas.we believe to our core that each town in kansas has an un-tapped gift, elements that make them special. helping communities shine a light on those gifts and be the best they can be at being themselves is what we do. the kansas sampler foundation is a public non-profit 501(c)(3) organization.our goalseducate kansans about kansas.network and support rural communities.if your town has the spirit and grit to help itself, we want to help you sustain and preserve your community. 
big kansas road trip
three counties are showcased annually and the public is invited to come eat, shop, tour, and drive the back roads to meet these communities as they are. learn more on the bkrt website or by clicking on the facebook link below.facebook
the kansas explorers club
the kansas explorers club inspires, educates and encourages the exploration and appreciation of kansas...and to have fun doing it. sign up now!
we kan!
we kan! is a phrase that believes in the power of the network. the "we" signifies that we're all in this work of strengthening our communities together. the "kan" is a kansas-style affirmation and indicates the power of the reframe. the "!" means that it takes enthusiasm to glue all the efforts together and keep moving things forward. ksf connects community leaders, doers, and advocates through the we kan! conference,, a big rural brainstorm, do-alogues, an e-blast, and awards. learn more!
rural by choice & the powerup movement
to be rural by choice is a conscious decision. 

communities who give you "power" to be your self, to find happiness, and to help move the community forward, will thrive.  what is a powerup? it's someone who is 21-39ish and rural by choice.more powerful than finding young people in your own community who are enthusiastic about the future is a network of those that share that one thing in common--that they are  rural by choice.  read morekansas guidebook 2 for explorers
published in 2017, co-authors marci penner and wendee rowe went to every one of the 626 incorporated cities in kansas to research. the result is a 480-page guide to 4,500 places (including 800+ local restaurants) in 520 towns. update!  we are currently (2022 & 2023) working on a mobile site for the guidebook. underwriters for this project are gene and barb merry. entrepreneurs supporting entrepreneurs.buy now
rural culture elements
marci and her father, milferd penner, came up with the eight elements of rural culture to help communities identify what they have and who they are. those elements are: architecture, art, commerce, cuisine, customs, geography, history and people. ksf did a one-time contest for each element and published an 8 wonders of kansas guidebook in 2011. (note: as of june 2023, there are limited copies available to purchase onlineread morebenchmarks216
entries in the 8 wonders of kansas contest626
cities visited for the kansas guidebook 210
we kan! awards given each year100's
adventurers join us annually for the big kansas road trip 









							the kansas sampler foundation is a public non-profit 501(c)(3) organization.

our mission is to preserve and sustain rural culture by educating kansans about kansas and networking and supporting rural communities.

the goal is to keep every town viable that shows the will and spirit to help itself.
						












latest news

 ringler receives we kan! award
jul 01, 2024  /  ,


 when communities want to be the best version of themselves
may 15, 2024  /  ,


 big kansas road trip expands its statewide reach
may 06, 2024  /  ,







 copyright © 2023 kansas sampler foundation. 
					  all rights reserved 

 
							website by tamajama































