
















northern california valley sheet metal workers training center - home


















































































district wide broadcast message













 district|
schools |
 grass valley school district

language 

chinese
dutch
english
french
german
greek
italian
japanese
korean
portuguese
russian
spanish



916.922.9381 

follow us on twitter



|quicklinks 






search 




search site




submit






 





northern california valleysheet metal workers' training center




   3665 bleckely street,
mather, ca  95655
   916.922.9381
    office hours: m-f 8am-5pm




smart
smacna
contact us










click for google map for directions to 3665 bleckely street,
mather, ca  95655
|
click to call 916.922.9381










homemodesto apprenticeship about uscoursesexplore the facilityapprentice applicantsapprenticesjourneyperson upgradecontractorsnewscontact usquicklinkssheet metal workers' local union no. 104smwiasmacnasheet metal itical smacnasmacna sacramentosmacna testing & research institutealf-ciosheet metal workers' national pension fundcalendarstaff directory







 learn real world skillssheetmetal fabrication and installationread more 
 state of the art technology gain hands on experience with the latest technology  read more 
 hvac service and installcomprehensive training program read more 
 real world applicationlearn skills that translate to the jobread more 
 detailingacquire knowledge in autocad, bluebeam and moreread more 
 welding certificationlearn the skills to become a certified welderread more 
 state of the art welding labeverything you need to succeed read more 
 smacna duct leak testinglearn the right way following industry standardsread more 
 computer aided design & detailingexpert instructors share their knowledgeread more 
 test, adjust, balance hvac systemslearn specialty skills that are in high demand read more 
 hvac troubleshootingclassroom and lab exercises that prepare you for the unexpectedread more 













welcome to the training center








the northern california valley sheet metal workers' apprenticeship program is ansi accredited  and is the only
state certified program of its kind in the sacramento area.  the
initial program was established in 1941.

the program offers men and women the
following opportunities:

be a part of one of
    the most important and versatile industries in north america
be involved in an
    industry that has always provided steady employment, excellent
    income, and great benefits.  grow with the industry, grow with
    the world!
enjoy many advancement
    opportunities -- with the union, as a supervisor, manager of
    projects, or eventually as a union sheet metal contractor in
    business for yourself.
earn college credits
    towards degree programs.
learn skills which are
    in great demand and continually expanding.
specialized craft
    training offers you skills which are yours -- they are always with
    you, always useful and always rewarding.

the key to your
future is in your hands!







steps for signing uptop of page


 

email a copy of your high school diploma / ged and valid picture i.d. to  ssaipele@sheetmetaltraining.com
include the phrase “entrance exam request” in the email subject line
you will receive a confirmation reply with the next available entrance exam test date
confirm availability for the entrance exam to be put on the list
a passing score of 40 percentile on the asvab entrance exam allows you to solicit work with our signatory contractors
getting hired and indentured by a signatory contractor gets you into the apprenticeship program







faqtop of page




our entrance exam is the asvab test at a 10th grade level
we test once a month on the 2nd thursday at 7:45 am
the three apprenticeship career paths are sheet metal, hvac service and testing adjusting and balancing
this is a 5-year apprenticeship program












mission statement
this training center is dedicated to providing the men and women of the sheet metal industry the highest level of skills and knowledge of our trade.  the sheet metal workers’ local 104, smacna sacramento chapter, smacna san joaquin chapter and sacramento valley sheet metal workers’ jatc sponsor this facility in the cooperation that is known within our industry that
“together we do it better”



heavy metal summer experience 2024top of page



























sheet metal, welding, service and tab courses


learn more
















explore the training center!


learn more






















asvab exam is the 2nd thursday of every month...sign up to get started on your career path today!







smw104tc1@gmail.com







calendar







calendars
smw104tc1@gmail.com


































































































 








 



connect with northern california valleysheet metal workers' training center
 facebook
 twitter
 instagram
 youtube




 
non discrimination policy
northern california valley sheet metal jatc will not discriminate against apprenticeship applicants or apprentices based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), sexual orientation, genetic information, or because they are an individual with a disability or a person 40 years or older. northern california valley sheet metal jatc will take affirmative action to provide equal opportunity in apprenticeship and will operate the apprenticeship program as required under title 29 of the code of federal regulations, part 30.



 




quick links
 



click on map to view on google maps







northern california valleysheet metal workers' training center

   address: 3665 bleckely street,
mather, ca  95655
   phone: 916.922.9381
   fax: 916.922.3574
    office hours: m-f 8am-5pm





 



northern california valley sheet metal jatc will not discriminate against apprenticeship applicants or apprentices based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), sexual orientation, genetic information, or because they are an individual with a disability or a person 40 years or older. northern california valley sheet metal jatc will take affirmative action to provide equal opportunity in apprenticeship and will operate the apprenticeship program as required under title 29 of the code of federal regulations, part 30

copyright © 2017 northern california valley sheet metal workers' training center and its licensors. all rights reserved. 
            website developed by catapultk12™.
             | 
log in






 
 







