








home - rockford public library

































































skip to content








locationswireless printinghow to get a cardreserve a roomcatalogdonatemy account 

facebookxyoutubeinstagramlinkedin 



 







search




					catalog
				


					website
				


					events
				


					google
				


















 


search for:








homecheck it outfind something newsearch catalogborrowing materialsborrow a chromebookfeatured books by genrelocal historyinterlibrary loansdigital resourcesaudiobooksebooksmagazinesmusicvideosonline classeslibrary locationsmain libraryeast branchmontague branchnordlof centermobile libraryrental spacesaccount informationwireless printingaccess pinget a library cardinternet & computer accessmanage fines & feesrenew / replace cardsign in to your accountdownload itaudiobooks cloudlibrary
hoopla

ebooks cloudlibrary
hoopla
tumblebook library

magazines flipster

music freegal
hoopla

video hoopla
kanopy

research itresearch databasesa to z all databasesdatabases by topicbooks & musicencyclopedias & almanacsrpl local historymobile databasesreferenceby formatnewspapersebooksaudiobooksmusicvideosjournals & magazinespopular topicsbusiness & consumer informationgenealogyjobs & careerslocal history resourcesdigital resources for kidsdigital resources for teenslearning resourceseducation & social scienceforeign languagehomework helpjobs & careerslaw & governmentscholarship searcheventskids & family events kids classes & events
family classes & events
read-a-likes
tumble book library
1000 books before kindergarten

events by age group kids classes & events
young adult classes & events
adult classes & events
especially for seniors

programs by type technology classes
programas en espanol
cultural classes and events
mobile library stops

the explorer 
your guide to what’s going on at rockford public library.
rpl is committed to sharing and learning from one another to enhance our community.
 
 

upcoming programs
youthjust for kids we’re building leaders.

give your children lifelong learning and inspiration. explore rpl’s resources.
digital resources for kidsdigital storytime for kidskids classes & eventsread-a-likestumblebook librarystoryline online1,000 books before kindergartenyoung adults enhance your education.

explore educational and career development resources you need to become a productive adult.
digital resources for teensteen book reviewsscholarship searchwhat’s newyoung adult classes & eventsyoung adult zonemaker lababout rplabout usboard of trusteesboard meetings & minutesbids, rfps and rfqscareers815 choose civilitystaff directorystrategic planrpl code of conductnew building informationsupport rpldonaterpl foundationfriends of the librarybook storesdonate books & materialsbecome a member



 




 








the app  is back!



download the  new rpl app  and access many of the  library's services on the go! 
							available for android and apple 
							 





earn your accredited high school diploma at home for free  through 
rockford public library! 
							
jumpstart
your future!


click here for more information 
							earn your accredited high school diploma at home for free  through 
rockford public library! 
							 




donate now 
							

donate now 
							 



rockford public library proudly presents 
							learn more 
							
the crusader 
							
 


learn more 
							chromebook! 
							borrow a 
							adults 18 and up can now borrow and take home a google chromebook laptop and/or a wi-fi hot spot from the rockford public library!  
							

 


click here to learn more 
							 


get on board and learn! 
							mobile library 
							

learn more! 
							learn more! 
							 


more than just books. 
							
check out all the digital resources at your fingertips! 
							
audio books 
							
ebooks 
							
music 
							
magazines 
							
video 
							
 


check out the maker lab 
at the main library 
							
click here for classes 
							
our hands-on learning center gives you the opportunity to 
explore 3d printing, small board computing, and othermaterial work. 
							

learn more 
							 


 





 




homelibrary2025-02-17t08:44:14-06:00 
digital resources
lifelong learning and inspiration
audiobooksebooksmagazinesmoviesmusicaudiobooks
audio and digital book service!
click here to download an audiobook from the cloudlibrary.
available to all rpl cardholders. just click here to download bestselling titles and other digital content. titles automatically expire, so there are no last minute trips to the library or late fees. listen from the convenience of home, work or anywhere you take your portable device.  click here to take a tour of the new cloudlibrary user interface!
ebooks
new ebooks
click here to download an ebook or eaudiobook from cloudlibrary.
new fiction e-books – new non-fiction e-books – new non-fiction audiobooks – contemporary young adult – author spotlight – literary audio – genre spotlight – coming of age – contemporary author spotlight – civic arena – politics and public affairs – the natural world – business – children’s fiction – young readers – what rockford is e-reading? enjoy thousands of books at your fingertips! take a tour of the new cloudlibrary user interface coming february 19th!
a curated database of children’s materials!
click here to access the tumblebook library.
tumblebooklibrary is a curated database of children’s e-books, available through rpl. tumblebook library includes unique animated talking picture books, read-along chapter books, national geographic videos, non-fiction books, playlists, and features graphic novels as well as math stories! it is designed specifically for kids in grades three to six. a great resource for tech-savvy kids, and teaches them the joy of reading in a format they’ll love.
a groundbreaking digital media service!
click here to access hoopla.
hoopla is a groundbreaking digital media service offered by rpl that allows you to borrow movies, music, audiobooks, ebooks, comics and tv shows to enjoy on your computer, tablet, or phone – and even your tv! with no waiting, titles can be streamed immediately or downloaded to phones or tablets for offline enjoyment later. we have hundreds of thousands of titles to choose from, with more being added daily.
magazines
check out flipster for digital magazines!
click here to access flipster.
flipster is a next-generation digital magazine distribution service that lets users can access their favorite magazines from a variety of publishers through their local libraries. accessible via a web browser or custom apps made specifically for apple devices, android devices, and the kindle fire tablet, with flipster users can download magazines to read offline, anytime, anywhere.
movies
a new digital media service!
click here to access kanopy.
kanopy showcases more than 30,000 of the world’s best films, including award-winning documentaries, rare and hard-to-find titles, film festival favorites, indie and classic films, and world cinema with collections from kino lorber, music box films, samuel goldwyn, the orchard, the great courses, pbs and thousands of independent filmmakers. kanopy provides access to films that are often difficult to access elsewhere, and programming that features diversity.
a groundbreaking digital media service!
click here to access hoopla.
hoopla is a groundbreaking digital media service offered by rpl that allows you to borrow movies, music, audiobooks, ebooks, comics and tv shows to enjoy on your computer, tablet, or phone – and even your tv! with no waiting, titles can be streamed immediately or downloaded to phones or tablets for offline enjoyment later. we have hundreds of thousands of titles to choose from, with more being added daily.
music
a groundbreaking digital media service!
click here to access hoopla.
hoopla is a groundbreaking digital media service offered by rpl that allows you to borrow movies, music, audiobooks, ebooks, comics and tv shows to enjoy on your computer, tablet, or phone – and even your tv! with no waiting, titles can be streamed immediately or downloaded to phones or tablets for offline enjoyment later. we have hundreds of thousands of titles to choose from, with more being added daily.
a free music downloading service
click here to log into freegal.
the freegal® mobile application is a completely free and legal way to access a collection of almost 7 million songs via the rockford public library. the freegal offering includes many of today’s top artists, a fantastic retrospective collection, and music from around the world. you must have a valid library card (how to get a library card). get ready to join the millions of people around the world getting access to great music!
wowbrary
what’s new at the library? check out just added books, movies, and music.
subscribe to the wowbrary newsletter to receive weekly updates via email.

nextreads
find your next read! the top ten books published this month that librarians across the u.s. love.
subscribe to the nextreads newsletter to receive monthly updates via email.

rpl’s nordlof center
rockford public library’s cultural venue & performing arts center
located at 118 n. main st. in downtown rockford, the rockford public library’s nordlof center provides high-speed wi-fi access throughout its multi-use performance, meeting, and classroom venue for library and community events and technology training. (photos by rockford register star)
click here to learn more about the nordlof centerclick here to learn more about 215 n. wyman!click on the button below to donate to the rpl!
 
find us on facebook




the mission of the rockford public library is to educate, inform, entertain, and culturally enrich the people of our community.





 
 





main library

main library
215 n. wyman street
rockford, il 61101


815-965-7606
*protected email*mon - thurs: 9 am - 8 pm
fri - sat: 9 am - 5 pm
sunday: closed 

east branch

east branch
6685 e. state street
rockford, il 61108

815-966-2748

mon - thurs: 10 am - 8 pm
fri - sat: 10 am - 6 pm
sunday: closed 

montague branch

montague branch
1238 s. winnebago street
rockford, il 61102


815-966-2740

mon - thurs: 10 am - 8 pm
fri - sat: 10 am - 6 pm
sunday: closed 
 

nordlof center

nordlof center
118 n. main street
rockford, il 61101


815-987-6660

hours vary 

mobile library

mobile library


815-966-2742
*protected email*
mobile hours
 

 
 
 





		© rockford public library 2025  |   all rights reserved   |   815-965-7606   |   resip access   |   city address list 


facebookxyoutubeinstagramlinkedin
 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





library locations


 

 

 

 

 hart interim library

east branch

montague branch

nordlof center

mobile library
hart interim library

214 n. church street rockford, il 61101
phone:  815-965-7606
fax: 815-963-7834
email: *protected email*
web: rockford public library

hours mon–thurs: 9 am – 8 pm

fri–sat: 9 am – 5 pm

sunday: closed
 






 
 
page load link







 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website







































































































































go to top






