


larson's bakery vancouver wa - bakeries vancouver washington








larson's bakery, deli and coffee bar
serving the vancouver, wa / portland, or area










larson's bakery, serving the vancouver, wa / portland, or area since 1986, is a family owned and operated business. in 1923, the larson ancestors came to america from sweden, bringing with them their family's secret recipes for the luscious baked creations found at larson's bakery. these dessert creations are baked works of art and the wedding cakes are the masterpieces of our baking artisans. be sure to visit the wedding cakes picture gallery to view examples of our wonderful wedding cakes. our baked goods are "made from scratch" and are fresh, fresh, fresh!
in our deli, the family tradition of commitment to "freshness" continues in the deli sandwiches, salads, and soups. only quality products are used to create the dishes offered at the deli and the ingredients are, of course, fresh, fresh, fresh!
in our coffee bar, you'll find an extensive variety of specialty coffees made fresh with tulley's coffee. 
no matter what baked treat you're looking for - cake, pie, cookies, danish pastry, puff pastry, tortes, tarts - you'll find it at larson's bakery. if you don't see what you want, just ask us about it.
all prices listed on this website are subject to change without notice 





back to the top
larson's bakery, deli and coffee bar
13411 se mill plain blvd.
			vancouver, wa 98684
			phone:360-253-4555
			fax:  360-882-6690
 
serving the vancouver (usa), washington,
			and portland, oregon, area
home | cakes | wedding cakes | gift trays | danish pastries
cookies, pies and more | seasonal | deli menu | coffee bar menu
contact us | links



home




cakes




wedding cakes




danish pastries




cookies, pies & more




gift trays




seasonal



.


.



deli




-coffee bar




placing an order




contact us




links






hours:
			m-f 9am-4pm
			sat 9am-4pm
			sun 9am-4pm


-
-


-
-
-
-
-
















