


vampirella.com












social networks





choose your vampirella wallpaper:



















home
store

products ›
					
comics
trades
hardcovers
statues
posters
cards




contact







vampirella shines in second paperback archive volume
02/18/25 @ 1:12 pm est
source: dynamite  | categories: vampirella 

 this june, dynamite entertainment is excited to bring the hotly anticipated second volume in its new line of paperback editions of the comprehensive vampirella archives. with volumes planned to release every two months, this second installment marks a critical point for the series and is an essential addition to every fan's shelf!vampirella archives volume two collects issues #8-14 of the original vampirella magazine released at the time by warren publishing. this stretch covers the years 1970 and 1971.the previous, initial volume capped off with #7 as the first issue credited to new editor archie goodwin, primarily featuring the "three witches" epic by nicola cuti, tom sutton, ernie colon, and billy graham. goodwin is one of the most celebrated figures in american comics, as writer and editor, for his works on titles like epic illustrated, star wars, batman, iron man, starman, and more.with the first issue in this second book, goodwin immediately hits the ground running with a rapid expansion of vampirella's cast and lore, writing the ongoing lead feature himself, initially still with vampi's original artist tom sutton. the duo introduce key supporting characters conrad and adam van helsing, the mysterious foes of the cult of chaos, and the crimson chronicles. mordecai pendragon follows a few issues later.following sutton's vampirella run across issues #1-11, the final three issues of this volume showcase the debut of legendary artist jose gonzalez. the master spanish artist would quickly become the character's most celebrated and definitive creator of the warren era, and remains on the "mount rushmore" for nearly all fans to this day over 55 years into the character's history. his contributions to the series and character continue through the very end of the series in 1983. his diverse mixed media approach employing ink washes among other techniques, and his evolving use of photorealism inspirations make every page of his a wonder.other creators featured in this volume include wally wood, barry windsor-smith, neal adams, dave cockrum, dennis o'neil, steve englehart, gerry conway, doug moench, jack katz, sam glanzman, mike ploog, frank brunner, jeffrey catherine jones, gardner fox, and others. these brilliant stories are complemented by painted covers by frank frazetta, boris vallejo, sanjulian, ken kelly, and bill hughes.this will be the second of a projected 15 total volumes in paperback for the first time, set to reprint the entire 112 issue run of vampirella from 1969 through 1983. the archives are printed in dimensions matching the original magazine format. stories are primarily in black and white. this approach allowed the series in its heyday to sidestep the comics code authority and push boundaries of mature content.the following third volume will feature more goodwin and gonzalez, the entry of writer t. casey brennan, esteban maroto's "tomb of the gods" feature, and more.      visit www.dynamite.com for more news and information.



sneak peek at christopher priest's 'vampirella: the long night'
01/23/25 @ 1:24 pm est
source: dynamite  | categories: vampirella 

dynamite entertainment, legendary writer christopher priest, and turkish virtuoso artist ergün gündüz are soon to unleash the next phase of the their pivotal run on vampirella."the long night" story arc begins this march in vampirella #1, also sporting a "legacy numbering" of #676 as part of the continuing road to the milestone #700. priest is also nearing 80 total issues contributed to the mythos just a couple issues into this latest arc, including his flagship titles as well as key spinoffs like sacred six and draculina. he's reunited again with gündüz, who he started this latest masterpiece of his with back in 2019, joining the ranks of his brilliant works on titles like black panther, deathstroke, justice league, quantum & woody, conan the barbarian, and others. ahead of the story starting soon, priest and dynamite are sharing some teases and artwork!following the turbulent events of preceding story arcs like vampirella/dracula: unholy, year one, and rage, the daughter of drakulon now finds herself a parent. finally reunited with her son, she's tragically beset by a severe case of postpartum depression. priest and gündüz will be depicting a misunderstood, but relatively common part of the human experience that has rarely been portrayed in genre comic book stories.   tied to her tumultuous emotions and uncertainty in life, vampirella's path may set her on a destiny as an authoritarian ruler of a cyberpunk future. in issue #2 and beyond, readers will get peeks at this apocalyptic vision of earth. vampirella's history goes back to 1969, both behind the scenes and in-story due to her nearly ageless drakulonian biology. priest's story started in 2019 for her 50th anniversary. what could the far off — but not too far — future of 2069 look like when she'll be celebrating her 100th? fans are invited to join the party for this nontraditional anniversary celebration.   last but certainly not least, in the present a mysterious figure will enter vampi's life. going by cicero, he claims to be her son from the future. which will be all the more complicated when son meets son, as the present and future directly cross paths. is his story true, and can he be trusted? priest and gündüz are continuing to bring this story together, with more exciting moments and characters to be revealed!  vampirella #1 (676) is solicited in diamond comic distributors’ january 2025 previews catalog, the premier source of merchandise for the comic book specialty market, and slated for release in march 2025. comic book fans are encouraged to preorder copies of the book with their local comic book retailers. it will also be available for individual customer purchase through digital platforms courtesy of comixology, kindle, ibooks, google play, dynamite digital, comicsplus, and more! visit www.dynamite.com for more news and information.



vampirella's original adventures & more back in print
01/23/25 @ 1:16 pm est
source: dynamite  | categories: vampirella 

dynamite entertainment is proud to announce an ambitious reprint program, to bring historic comics classics back into print and now available in a brand new format perfect for all kinds of readers and collectors. starting this april, the vampirella archives volumes will start release in paperbacks.in the revolutionary year of 1969, one of the many hallmark happenings in the world included the grand debut of the original vampirella magazine. originally published by warren publishing as a complement to two other legendary comics magazines, it quickly established its own unique legacy.published in magazine format and largely featuring black and white interiors, the publication was able to sidestep the then dominant comics code authority. this allowed the ever-evolving stable of brilliant writers and artists to push the boundaries of mature, sophisticated content underneath its jaw-dropping painted covers.warren's other titles were much like vampirella, anthology titles with "horror host" characters. but the genius twist of this new title being hosted by a beautiful vampiress, courtesy of early character contributors jim warren, forrest j. ackerman, frank frazetta, trina robbins, and tom sutton, made it stand out and steadily evolve to feature the continuing serial adventures of one of the medium's biggest stars to this day!the warren era of vampirella ran a whopping 112 issues from 1969 through 1983. across multiple eras, editors like archie goodwin, louise simonson, and bill dubay brought in top established creators, rising stars, and astonishing talents from all around the world. the magazine was prominent for featuring crops of stylistic standouts from regions like spain and the phillipines.creators involved in the first archives volume reprinting vampirella #1-7 include the aforementioned ackerman, sutton, in addition to neal adams, doug moench, reed crandall, jeffrey catherine jones, gardner fox, ernie colon, billy graham, and more all shining in a mix of horror, science fiction, and fantasy fables. while painted covers from frazetta, jones, vaughn bodé, bill hughes, and ken kelly stun the senses.the titular heroine and her mythos starts in this very first volume. the first issue starts with an instantly iconic painting by frazetta, followed by ackerman and sutton's influential short origin story that has been remade and referenced countless times. the second issue is a one-two punch with the introduction of vampi's blonde sister draculina, as well as the witch evily who is at times known as her cousin.this first volume brings a lot of unforgettable stories and creators, and the following books in the projected 15 volume line will only continue to astound. fans can look forward to the vampirella starring stories ramping up in the second book, as archie goodwin takes on editing the title and writing the character with the introductions of conrad and adam van helsing, mordecai pendragon, the cult of chaos, crimson chronicles — and the entry of the character's definitive warren era artist jose gonzalez.with volumes all through the run featuring multi-part vampirella story arcs, major additions to her cast and lore, and an endless list of standout anthology stories from diverse and beloved creators, each volume is a can't-miss addition to anyone's shelf who doesn't have the hardcover editions.        vampirella archives paperback vol 1 is solicited in diamond comic distributors’ february 2025 previews catalog, the premier source of merchandise for the comic book specialty market, and slated for release in april 2025. comic book fans are encouraged to preorder copies of the book with their local comic book retailers. visit www.dynamite.com for more news and information.











		vampirella ® . all rights reserved.all books, titles, characters, character names, slogans, logos and related marks are ™ and © their respective owners.privacy policy



