





a distinguished california community | city of gridley








































toggle navigation








government & departments 


 gridley mayor and city council


 city administration


 departments and services


animal control services


building inspection services


bus, taxi, and air service


code enforcement services


electric department


finance and utility billing


fire department


garbage and recycling


human resources services


mosquito abatement services


planning services


gridley police department


public works department


recreation services




 planning commission




economic development 


our community  


 code of ordinance


 community links


 event calendar


 map


 public notices




documents & forms 


make a payment 






























who are we?



gridley is growing, becoming livelier, more active, and more festive than ever before. you can see it in the historic buildings being restored to their former glory. you can see it in the new storefronts blossoming throughout the area. and you can see it in the partnerships among retailers, developers, the community, and the city. 
> read more






why live here?



the city is small enough to provide a quiet country life-style, and large enough to offer the amenities and conveniences of much larger cities. this quaint community with a population of approximately 7,000 residents is located in the heart of the beautiful sacramento valley at the foot of the world's smallest mountain range, the sutter buttes.
> read more






why work here?



come grow with us!  our community is a wonderful place to live, work, and play. our rural roots make for an excellent workforce with traditional values.  our economic development staff will work with you to start or grow your business. we will connect you with our many local and state partners.  we are focused on creating and enhancing conditions for both your family and your business to succeed and thrive.

> read more










committed to community engagement and keeping you informed 




gridley is a distinguished california community
the city of gridley is guided by our purpose statement and strategic plan.   we collectively develop, share, and are guided by a clear vision, values, and meaningful objectives.  the city council is committed to ensuring community engagement and transparency.  your feedback and active participation are both greatly appreciated.
“our primary purpose is to continuously enhance our community’s vitality and overall quality of life.  we are committed to providing high quality, cost-effective municipal services and forming productive partnerships with our residents and regional organizations.”
> read full update








employment opportunities & information


animal control officer recruitment


high quality drinking water - annual consumer confidence report


> see more


public notices


notice inviting bids - gridley sports complex phase 1


requests for proposals - americans with disabilities act self -evaluation and transition plan


notice for contractors 


gridley feather river sewer crossing project


notice of exemptions


gridley pacific flyway project


local roadway safety plan


> see more


upcoming events


16

upcoming city council meetings

december 16, 2024
 >> 




15

planning commision meeting

january 15, 2025
 >> 




> see more








where are we?


gridley is a quaint community of 7,000 residents located in the heart of the beautiful sacramento valley. conveniently located within a few hours of the bay area and the lake tahoe/reno area, residents have the advantage of living in a community with clean air, good water, and a rural lifestyle, while having quick access to metropolitan areas.











ensuring quality services






code enforcement services
our code enforcement team is responsible for enforcing health and safety codes related to rubbish, debris, vacant buildings, vegetation, zoning violations,...
> learn more







animal control services
the gridley animal shelter is located at 895 sycamore street.  the animal control division provides services to the incorporated city limits...
> learn more







gridley mayor and city council
gridley utilizes the council/administrator form of government.  the city council is the governing body of the city. the five councilmembers are...
> learn more










gridley, california

685 kentucky st.
gridley, ca 95948
phone: (530) 846-5695
fax: (530) 846-3229








frequently used forms







 staff log in






© 2025 city of gridley. all rights reserved. site designed and developed by mc2 design group, inc.






