      home - herberger theater center  
         
     
   



  




skip to content

donate						

contact						






events & ticketscalendar2024-2025 seasonbox office & salesresident companieslunch time theaterfirst fridayperformance pop-upsfestival of the artsarizona young artists’ competitionart galleryvisitdirections & parkingseating chartsdine & drink at the spotlight barservices & accessibilitytourshealth & safety protocolsfrequently asked questionssupportdonateways to supportbecome a membercorporate sponsorshipcommunity partnersplanned givingplated & stagedbecome a volunteersponsor a seatstore and galleryvenues & rentalsstages & theatersoutdoor spaceslounges & galleriesevent ideascommunityour commitmentartistic opportunitiescommunity outreachyouth arts educationhall of famearizona arts



close




donate                  

contact                  

back

calendar              

2024-2025 season              

box office & sales              

resident companies              

lunch time theater              

first friday              

performance pop-ups              

festival of the arts              

arizona young artists’ competition              

art gallery              
back

directions & parking              

seating charts              

dine & drink at the spotlight bar              

services & accessibility              

tours              

health & safety protocols              

frequently asked questions              
back

donate              

ways to support              

become a member              

corporate sponsorship              

community partners              

planned giving              

plated & staged              

become a volunteer              

sponsor a seat              

store and gallery              
back

stages & theaters              

outdoor spaces              

lounges & galleries              

event ideas              
back

our commitment              

artistic opportunities              

community outreach              

youth arts education              

hall of fame              

events & tickets							

visit							

support							

venues & rentals							

community							

arizona arts							
arizona’s center stage
welcome to the herberger theater center, your home for performing arts.

explore shows & events							what's on
see full calendar

sun records live!february 28 - march 1, 2025relive the magic of the “sun sound” with sun records live!, a concert showcasing thrilling live performances made famous by elvis presley, johnny cash, roy orbison, jerry lee lewis, carl perkins, and other sun artists. produced by gershwin entertainment, this incredible evening features hits like “great balls of fire,” “hound dog,” “pretty woman,” and many more. the stars and multi-talented musicians from the national tour of million dollar quartet come together to honor the legendary sun records studio in memphis, tn.more info »


2nd annual mariachi & folklórico festivalmarch 8, 2025 7:00 pmthe 2nd annual phoenix mariachi & folklórico festival, is scheduled for march 8, 2025, coinciding with international women’s day. this year, we celebrate the remarkable contributions of women in the arts by presenting an all-female lineup of mariachi and folklórico talent, featuring both international and local performers. our festival will be a vibrant showcase of artistry, designed to engage the community, promote cultural pride, and honor the empowerment of women in music and dance. this event not only aims to entertain but also to inspire and empower, particularly by spotlighting the achievements of women in our cultural heritage.more info »


rodgers and hammerstein’s carousel, a concertapril 26-27, 2025arizona musicfest, in collaboration with the herberger theater center, is excited to present one of the most beloved american musicals of all time, rodgers & hammerstein’s carousel. this iconic work celebrates its 80th anniversary in 2025. featuring unforgettable songs including “if i loved you” and “you’ll never walk alone,” this timeless broadway classic has been praised for its poignant storyline, memorable characters, and unforgettable score. rarely heard in its original full-scale orchestration, arizona musicfest’s concert production, with limited theatrical elements, showcases the music above all else. set in a seaside town in maine, carousel follows the love story of billy bigelow, a handsome but troubled carousel barker, and julie jordan, a young mill worker. it is the enduring tale of love, redemption, and the struggle to find our place in the world.more info »


arizona young artists’ competition – finalsfebruary 22, 2025 - february 22, 2025more info »


driftwood quintetsaturday, february 22, 2025more info »


first friday fiesta6:00pm-9:00pmmore info »


the momentmarch 10-20, 2025this is the story of one family's awakening and the moment that changes the course of their lives and history forever.more info »


plated & staged…a herberger theater experiencemay 4, 3:30pmfundraising event to benefit the herberger theater’s youth education and community outreach programs!more info »


square exhibitfebruary 7, 2025-march 2, 2025more info »


sunrise sunset exhibitfebruary 7, 2025-march 2, 2025more info »

in the spotlight
see all stories


 
herberger theater
herberger theater center announces spectacular 2024-2025 season lineup
the herberger theater center is excited to unveil its highly anticipated 2024-2025 season, promising a series of shows that will captivate, ...



 
herberger theater
experience the magic of rock and roll with sun records live! at herberger theater center
the herberger theater center is excited to bring to its stage sun records live!, an exhilarating concert experience that celebrates the lege...



 
sun records live! brings the iconic sounds of elvis, johnny cash, and more to phoenix
sun records live! is coming to the herberger theater center in phoenix, arizona, from february 28 to march 1, 2025! this incredible evening ...

celebrating the arts in arizonalearn about our commitment to the community and how we enrich the lives of arizona’s youth.

youth arts							


event ideas					



make a donation					



group sales					

our resident companies
learn more






the latest news, premiering in your inboxenter your email and be the first to know what's on stage!
222 east monroe street
phoenix, arizona 85004
602-252-8497about

our story								

our mission								

ceo & board of directors								

our staff								

employment opportunities								

volunteer log-in								














media

press & resources								

awards and accolades								our sponsors & benefactors









































     