







stepmoms on a mission® | supporting and empowering stepmothers






















































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerstepmoms on a mission®a support group for stepmothers empowering & supporting stepmoms since 2000.
get free support


home
about

about cathryn
speaker media page
testimonials


free support

get help now
cathryn’s articles
mailbox letters
suspect narcissism?


blog

workshops


interviews

speaker media page
all interviews


cathryn’s book
consultations
contact
main content
dear stepmom—welcome
if you want support, ideas, answers, new approaches and a dose of hope in a place where kindness rules—you’ve come to the right place!
stepmoms on a mission®
learn more about smoms®


are you a stepmom on a mission?
willing to trade in your resentments for some revised beliefs and creative boundaries?
ready for some new approaches that can eliminate conflicts with your partner and help you handle stress as a loving team?
looking for proven, ethical ways to deal with “uncooperative” members of your stepfamily so you can feel calm and confident?
believe in the positive, empowering results possible from compassionate support, self-awareness and creative thinking?


what stepmoms say


cathryn taught me things that i didn’t even know i didn’t know. she taught me how to break down problem areas so that i could tackle the root of the problems instead of just putting a bandaid on top. at smoms.org we help each other remember that we’re strong, capable, loving women with tools to tackle any obstacle that gets in our way.
calla—stepmom since 2007smom since 2014
i worked privately with cathryn and i worked in group seminars. i cannot tell you how valuable this experience was for me and for my marriage. i was able to make more personal growth in a single year than i had in 40 years.
happily ever after smom—stepmom since 2006smom since 2013woke up in 2014living the dream since 2015
cathryn is not only going to be your biggest cheerleader, but will help you learn about yourself and your situation in a way that’s safe, empowering and helpful—and at your own speed. i’ve learned there’s always a choice you can make about how to handle a situation. i can’t say enough about how cathryn and my sister smoms helped me.
chloe—stepmom since 2004smom since 2007
read more stepmom comments

smoms founder, cathryn bond doyle
our mission as smoms®? find ways to feel empowered so we can create a happy life, stay lovingly connected to our partners and deal with stepfamily situations as a confident, self-aware couple.
cathryn as a teacher/mentor
cathryn’s stepmom story     about cathryn


help yourself privately


study cathryn’s book
cathryn’s book is an instruction manual containing over 600 pages of stepmom-tested insights, approaches and skills you can use to regain your happiness, confidence and sense of well-being.
learn about cathryn’s book


confidential consultations
get relief (and a plan) for a specific stepfamily crisis or get to the heart of your issues and make rapid progress by working personally with smoms® founder, cathryn bond doyle.
see consultation options


footerabout cathryn’s book

support options

ten tips for now
cathryn’s articles
mailbox letters/replies
suspect narcissism?



search
search this website
work with cathryn

invest in yourself & feel better.
private consultations with cathryn


follow us
facebookinstagramlinkedin
home page
privacy policy
copyright © 2024, cathryn bond doyle.  all rights reserved.  contact cathryn
po box 7, medford nj 08055





