






home | pfats







































skip to main content













pfats




menu






about


leadership team


partners


strategic alliances


the nfl workplace


history


in the news




member directory


pfats foundation


leadership team


education


scholarships


development




internships


pfats honors


athletic training staff of the year


assistant athletic trainer of the year award


super bowl champions


jerry "hawk" rhea award


fain cain memorial award


pfats hall of fame












                        contact
                    







search the site








expand search























professional football athletic trainers society 
welcome




                                                                        learn about pfats
                                                                    













scroll
















2024 pfats foundation cares to make a difference webinar 
wednesday, may 22, 2024 | 6:30-8:30 pm est




                                                                        2024 pfats foundation cares to make a difference webinar
                                                                    













scroll












professional football athletic trainers society foundation 
 





                                                                        learn more
                                                                    





















internship opportunities 
let us help you build your athletic training career




                                                                        learn more
                                                                    













scroll

















pick your team 
member directory

















arizona cardinals














atlanta falcons














baltimore ravens














buffalo bills














carolina panthers














chicago bears














cincinnati bengals














cleveland browns














dallas cowboys














denver broncos














detroit lions














green bay packers














houston texans














indianapolis colts














jacksonville jaguars














kansas city chiefs














las vegas raiders














los angeles chargers














los angeles rams














miami dolphins














minnesota vikings














new england patriots














new york giants














new york jets














new orleans saints














philadelphia eagles














pittsburgh steelers














san francisco 49ers














seattle seahawks














tampa bay buccaneers














tennessee titans














washington commanders













                                    view all teams
                                




























scholarships & internships
pfats and pfats foundation are proud to provide a variety of scholarships and internships to athletic training students and graduates. from doctoral research grants to undergraduate and graduate scholarships, investing in the future of the athletic training profession is a cornerstone of the pfats organization.











pfats foundation / nata foundation scholarship series




as part of its commitment to advance the athletic training profession, pfats foundation allocates funding, resources and voluntary efforts toward special programs and services of its members to a variety of nata programs and services.
learn more >>









pfats / nfl foundation scholarship program




pfats and the nfl foundation have partnered to provide the ethnic minority & female athletic training student scholarship program.
learn more >>









internships




through a variety of internship opportunities, interns are able to learn and grow in a professional setting while advancing their education and work experience in the field of athletic training.
learn more >>




















pfats foundation

pfats foundation strives to advance the athletic training profession and develop athletic trainers by providing educational opportunities and cutting-edge research. the foundation utilizes three avenues consisting of internal education, external education, and a research committee to enhance the development of athletic trainers.




                            learn more
                        






















                                                                                    













in the news 















pfats announces 2025 hall of fame inductees
the 2025 pfats hall of fame class is composed of ed block, john norwig, and pepper burruss. together, these former pfats members have devoted over a century to professional athletic training in the national football league (nfl).




07 feb 2025














sc featured: lifesaving, inside the rams' emergency action plan
sc featured takes an inside look at the rams' emergency training and how it helped raheem morris save a young child's life.




14 aug 2023














norwig's love of sports took him to the top
john norwig, the steelers' head trainer since 1991, has officially announced his retirement, ending a long and successful career with the team.




07 jun 2023













                                    view all
                                













pfats partners

our pfats partners are at the core of our organization. we value our relationships and collaboration to provide our membership with the most up-to-date technology and resources to advance our profession.




                            view all partners
                        




















strategic alliances 
pfats is proud to have strategic alliances with important organizations in the sports medicine industry such as the nfl, nflps, nata, gssi, usa football and the korey stringer institute. these alliances allow us to reach a broader audience and achieve success by learning from each other.




























































                                    learn more
                                







































 











member directory







internships







scholarships







about







contact













pfats foundation







education







development







leadership











 











© 2025 pfats - all rights reserved
terms & conditions
privacy policy

made with 
uskinned










back to top













