




















property management services | nyc & south florida | akam














































































 


homeabout usservices▼property managementcapital project managementenergy servicesbrokerageinsurance & risk managementprocurementcareersmedia centercustomersrequest a proposal 












about us
services

property management
capital project management
energy services
brokerage
insurance & risk management
procurement


careers




media center
customers

request a proposal









exceptional property management
delivered by dedicated professionals.powered by residential intelligence.














welcome to akam
we redefine property management by blending top-notch service and innovative tools with our unique “residential intelligence” (resiq) business philosophy, transforming buildings into vibrant communities. through the dedication of our seasoned team of professionals and our suite of comprehensive solutions, we provide peace of mind across every facet of property management.
about us










akam by the numbers


+5+
years in business


k+5k+
team members


+5+
5-star reviews across nyc and fl

















delivering exceptional property management 
we are the industry leaders in on-site management; able to better deliver exceptional property management services tailored to the distinct needs of condominiums, cooperatives, homeowner associations, new development properties, commercial spaces, and multifamily communities. our dedicated team is well-versed in all legal, financial, and operational aspects of property management, ensuring comprehensive support that aligns with the highest industry standards.
how we serve you

















excellence in all that we do
our work goes beyond managing properties; it’s about weaving together the fabric of a community. we provide additional services tailored to meet the specific needs of owners, residents, and board members. our focus on sustainability, compliance, and value preservation enables us to assist with recognizing architectural and environmental opportunities.
view all services












testimonials
our reputation is built on being responsive, flexible, and adaptive, always staying ahead of the curve to meet and exceed the evolving needs of our customers. see what others have to say about working with akam.









christan has been the property manager at my building for a few years. she always goes above and beyond to try to resolve any issues i’ve had over the years. she’s quick, attentive and always professional.



-


cindy m.







a big thank you to my manager at akam. she is always prompt and available when needed in helping with any concerns. i really appreciate her solid customer service, attention to detail and that she cares. thank you!



-


amy m.







my manager is extremely responsive and was able to resolve a misunderstanding promptly. akam is very lucky to have her.



-


tom y.







david is an outstanding representative for akam. he’s an exceptional listener, very respectful, very effective and always gets the job done. we are very fortunate to have such a kind and reliable person looking out for us.



-


grace j.







i just wanted to take the time to praise the competency and professionalism of david. he investigates the matter, and when necessary, resolves the issue with promptness in mind. additionally, i wish to also note that he is always available if you have any concerns regarding the property, such as cleanliness, garbage removal, and general maintenance issues.



-


john d.




















media center




our reputation as a leading property management company consistently earns us the spotlight and offers us chances to share our expertise with the world. explore our latest news, updates and info to see how we are shaping the future of property management.











resources
fl

upgrades and renovations make florida association costs higher and push owners to sell

akam
october 24, 2024










resources
nyc

cooling tower replacement saves 40% on energy and 50% on water for nomad co-op

akam
october 24, 2024










news
nyc

akam vice president, adam hirsch, recognized as a 2024 multifamily real estate influencer by globest

akam
october 17, 2024








read more












request for proposal (rfp update)

what service do you need a proposal for?*(required)select an optionresidential management services (condo/coop/hoa)new development managementcommercial managementapartment management (multifamily)capital project managementenergy servicesinsurance & riskresidential brokerage servicescommercial brokerage servicesprocurementm&a servicesgeneral inquiry/customer feedbackfirst name*(required) last name*(required) email*(required)

city*(required) state/province*(required)alakazarcacoctdedcflgahiidiliniakskylamemdmamimnmsmomtnenvnhnjnmnyncndohokorpariscsdtntxutvtvawawvwiwyotherproperty name*(required) phone number*(required)number of unitsare you an akam customer?*(required)


yes



no
message*(required)terms(required)

by providing a telephone number and submitting this form you are consenting to be contacted by sms text message. message & data rates may apply. you can reply stop to opt-out of further messaging.
captcha
  
































northeast corporate  headquarters

99 park avenue, 14th floor  new york, ny 10016




(212) 986-0001





southeast corporate  headquarters

1815 griffin road, suite 101 dania beach, fl 33004



(954) 843-2526





westchester  corporate office

1053 saw mill river road, suite 202  ardsley, ny 10502



(914) 674-2100










services
mergers & acquisitions
new york
florida
request a proposal
contact us
careers
privacy policy







© 2024 all rights reserved. akam® living services, inc . |  akam® is a registered trademark of akam® living services, inc.

























 


english				


 
spanish					          
english 

 





































