

 1000 skies - the 360 digital sky photos, images, pictures, clipart. sunrises sunsets 








1000skies.com
360 skies, sunrises, sunsets, digital sky pictures

    l partial skies l 
full 360 skies l how
          it's done l order





          high resolution full 360 degree skies up to 14,000 pixels widefor broadcasters, architectural renderers, illustrators, animators and photographers.
seamless, panorama domes big enough for high resolution output.

nvidia to use hdri enhanced 1000skies in the demos for their next generation video card to show off global illumination capabilities.
wild skies....


1000skies coming this fall in the online game pirates of the burning sea
mild skies...

as seen on discovery channel - the future of war.

evening shots...


sunsets, sunrises, stormy and more....

  l partial skies l 
full 360 skies l how
          it's done l order
 how
          it's done l order
panorama photographers - replace booring & problem skies.computer
          renderers - use as background image in architectural renderings. 
          as a 360 dome in your rendering program or composite in photoshop. as a background sky in renderings, drop in the whole sky then slide it around till the clouds compliment the building. examples can be seen here: 3d renderings by howard digital. no more blurry skies on large prints.

film industry - have a good take with a problem sky?don't re-shoot - pipe your motion data into your animation package, drop in ahigh resolution sky dome, rotate to orient desired part of sky and
          render a new sky with matching movement.
better yet, don't waste money holding up the shoot waiting for the "right" sky. light your subjects
          and add the sky later.

gamers, video and computer game creators. - perfect as backgrounds in virtual reality and 3d worlds. coming this fall in the online game 

pirates of the burning sea. 

computer animators - awesome as backgrounds in animations for film, television, comercials and marketing. 
example: discovery channel "the future of war".

ad agencies - tired of settling for limits imposed on you?get as much sky as you want. tweak the color & contrast the way you want.



model photographers - use as a backdrop behind architectural models. printed and illuminated, projected or composited in photoshop. example: westley library model












click here to contact us!









architecture presentation - renderings - architectural animation - model supply - architectural scale model - topography model - digital content - pewter buildings








