








bennett hartman – working hard for hard-working people
































skip to content








menu
close

about our firm
our attorneys
practice areas
news & success stories
contact us
 















working hard for hard-working people
bennett hartman is a full-service labor and employment law firm located in downtown portland. we are a collaborative team of attorneys, united by a shared belief in justice. we combine our strengths to protect and advance the rights of real, hard-working people like you.
we’re here for you when you’ve been discriminated against, hurt on the job, or denied wages. we’re here for the families, small businesses, and communities that rely on your hard work. we’re here for the unions that have tirelessly advocated for improved working conditions for all workers.
we’ve been here since 1906, and don’t plan on giving up the fight anytime soon.
read more about our firm and our attorneys.





practice areas
our expertise is in the areas of law that matter most to employees, unions, and families:

workers’ rights
social justice
family, trusts, and estates
personal injury






news and success stories



fred meyer employees bring class action wage claims
attorneys with bennett hartman filed class action lawsuits in oregon and washington on behalf of fred meyer employees who have been shorted wages since september 2022. the lawsuits allege that fred meyer violated wage statutes by knowingly implementing a faulty payroll system. fred meyer admits the new payroll system caused pay errors. however, it had […]
read more » 





union members agree to $2.5 million class action wage settlement
over 7,500 current and former employees of multnomah county will receive notice of a class action wage settlement. a judge preliminarily approved the settlement and ordered notices to be mailed by august 25, 2022. the settlement ends nearly three years of litigation. in january 2019 multnomah county switched to a payroll system by workday, inc. […]
read more » 





justice for injured worker
attorney richard myers successfully represented an injured worker who was denied reemployment. the worker suffered a serious on-the-job injury and filed a workers’ compensation claim. her claim was denied and the employer refused to restore her employment after she recovered from the injury. myers represented the worker in a hearing on her workers’ compensation claim. […]
read more » 





see all posts






contact us
telephone: (503) 227-4600
fax: (503) 248-6800
email: info@bennetthartman.com












                    "if there were more stars available to review this law firm there would be no limit."
-former client








         
            © 2025 bennett hartman








