





















avon, co - official website | official website









 















skip to main content






















 














election resources








town initiatives








municipal code








bus schedule








public documents








construction








housing








sustainability










 
 
 






 












search







 
 
 


    how do i...      government      departments      contact us      translate  


 

 

 





 














	welcome
town of avon, colorado
 






  
 
 







 














culture, arts &   special events








parks & recreation








walk.ride.park










 
 














agendas & minutes








engage avon








watch a council meeting










 
 
 



 














want updates in realtime?sign-up to receive realtime updates from the town to your mobile device or email. your email will be kept confidential and you will only receive communication directly from the town on important events.notification sign-up
 




2024 state of the townthe town of avon accomplished much in 2023 and has outlined priorities for 2024. listen to avon mayor amy phillips outline some highlights from last year and the current priorities and initiatives for avon, colorado.
 




online paymentsthe town of avon encourages online payments. business owners can submit sales tax and business license payments, and citizens can pay court, parking and ticket fines online. online payments
 






  
 
 





















town news


 
 















avon town offices closed presidents’ day 


avon municipal offices will be closed monday, feb. 17 in observance of presidents’ day. regular office hours will resume tuesday, feb. 18.
the avon recreation center will be open during regular business hours.
transit services will operate uninterrupted.						read on...







the art around avon program call for artists closes soon! 


the town of avon call for sculpture artists / request for proposals (“rfp”) closes march 10, 2025.						read on...







avon seeking mural artists for the seasons at avon mural project 


avon is calling upon the creative community to contribute to its cultural landscape with the addition of another large-scale mural to be located at the season at avon building.						read on...







art guild at avon first friday and heart of the valley photo-op! 


the town of avon and art guild at avon invite you to experience the enchanting first friday gallery night, held monthly at the art guild at avon.						read on...







avon seeks community members to serve on  the finance committee 


the town of avon is seeking community members to join the finance committee. the committee is comprised of five to nine voting members and two non-voting members of the avon town council.						read on...







ice skating on nottingham lake opens for the season 


avon is planning to open ice skating on nottingham lake on thursday, december 26 from 4 - 8 pm. the opening date is contingent upon weather and ice rink conditions over the coming days. regular hours will be 7 days a week from 4 - 8 pm. rentals available.						read on...







west avon preserve seasonal trail closures on horizon 


town officials have announced upcoming trail closures in the west avon preserve to protect wildlife winter habitat. closures will be in effect from december 15 through at least april 15 and apply to all multi-use trails except our backyard and pb&j.						read on...







don’t crowd the plow! 


town of avon encourages travelers to be aware of snowplow operations as crews actively work to maintain the roadways and sidewalks.

plows must travel under 25 miles per hour to efficiently remove snow and apply deicing materials.						read on...







don’t crowd the plow! 


town of avon encourages travelers to be aware of snowplow operations as crews actively work to maintain the roadways and sidewalks.

plows must travel under 25 miles per hour to efficiently remove snow and apply deicing materials.						read on...







west avon preserve seasonal trail closures on horizon 


town officials have announced upcoming trail closures in the west avon preserve to protect wildlife winter habitat. closures will be in effect from december 15 through at least april 15 and apply to all multi-use trails except our backyard and pb&j.						read on...







town of avon use tax goes into effect january 1, 2025 


in the november election, town of avon voters passed a 4% use tax on construction materials. like many other municipalities, this tax is assessed at the time the building permit is issued and when other fees are assigned.						read on...







avon seeking artists for the art around avon program 


avon released a call for sculpture artists / request for proposals for multiple artists to apply for the biennial art around avon program to promote the display of visual sculpture art throughout the avon community.						read on...







avon transit winter schedule begins wednesday, november 27 


avon transit will transition to the winter schedule beginning wednesday, november 27. this winter there will be expanded weekend service between wildridge and beaver creek, and expanded service during the birds of prey events in beaver creek.						read on...







avon town council declares november 20, 2024 as  tsu wolin-brown day in avon 


at the regular avon town council meeting on tuesday, november 19, mayor amy phillips read a proclamation recognizing tsu wolin-brown for her years of community service. wolin-brown recently retired after an over 40-year career with the salvation army.						read on...







art guild at avon first friday and much more! 


the art guild at avon is now open every thursday, friday and saturday between 12:00 and 5:00 p.m. come explore the amazing works of local artists and learn about the upcoming exhibits and workshops.						read on...







town of avon invites special event food vendors to apply for 2025 summer festivities 


avon is gearing up for an unforgettable summer filled with vibrant events and festivities. as part of the celebration, avon is excited to announce the opening of special event food vendor applications for the upcoming summer events.						read on...







notice of vacancy on the board of directors for the avon downtown development authority 


avon is soliciting interest from eligible persons to fill three vacant seats on the board of directors of the avon dda. eligible persons are residents, property owners and business lessees within the avon dda boundary area.						read on...







winter snow removal operations begin november 17 


the town of avon will soon be transitioning to winter snow removal operations. throughout the winter season the public works – operations department is prepared to maintain all roads in avon in a timely manner during and following each snowstorm.						read on...







avon fleet maintenance recognized by ase blue seal of excellence program 


?the town of avon fleet maintenance division has earned blue seal of excellence recognition as prescribed by the national institute for automotive service excellence (ase). ase is dedicated to improving the quality of vehicle repair.						read on...







upper buck creek road asphalt overlay project begins 


?maintenance on upper creek road will begin on tuesday, may 28, when approximately 5,500 linear feet of roadway will be repaired between the upper bridge and the wildwood road intersection.						read on...







avon transit summer schedule begins monday, april 15 


as we transition into spring, avon transit will begin operating on the summer schedule beginning monday, april 15.						read on...







community housing needs survey open 


the eagle river valley housing needs survey is now open to the entire community.  the survey is a key input to the eagle river valley housing needs assessment and action plan, a joint effort of the town and county governments of the eagle river valley.						read on...







avon awarded grant to launch styrofoam recycling program for eagle county 


avon is thrilled to announce that the proposed “avon community styrofoam recycling program” has received a boost with the approval of a grant from the recycling resources economic opportunity program provided by the colorado department of public health.						read on...







us 6 & post boulevard roundabout project scheduled to begin april 1 


starting april 1, motorists traveling west on us 6 should plan for a short detour north through the beaver creek blvd roundabout. motorists traveling south on post blvd., and continuing east on us 6, will be detoured west through the avon road roundabout.						read on...







post blvd and us 6 roundabout improvements to begin april 1 


cdot is scheduled to begin a highway improvement project on us 6 and post boulevard in avon on april 1. the project will construct a roundabout with three legs that connects us 6 and post boulevard.						read on...







community housing needs survey launches 


a housing needs assessment survey has been mailed to some eagle county residents. the eagle river valley housing needs assessment and regional housing action plan is an effort by local governments to understand the housing needs the eagle river valley.						read on...







victim of avon hit-and-run identified 


the avon police department seeks any information that could aid in the investigation of a hit and run incident on u.s. highway 6 that occurred on march 5. the victim is believed to be 76-year-old john "jack" ladesic of pennsylvania.						read on...







vehicular homicide hit and run on highway 6 west of stonebridge drive 


at 6:50 p.m., vail public safety communications center received a call from a motorist driving by that a male party was lying on the side of highway 6. a fire engine responding from another call and was on scene within moments.						read on...







wildridge recognized as firewise community 


the wildridge neighborhood has been awarded national recognition as an accredited firewise community. in partnership with local law enforcement and emergency response agencies, wildridge has successfully completed many necessary to be firewise.						read on...







nottingham lake closed until further notice 


nottingham lake closed until further notice due to high levels of e. coli						read on...







avon recreation center adjusts swimming pool operating hours due to short staffing 


effective, monday, august 29, the avon recreation center pool area hours will be adjusted due to short staffing. the pool will be closed between 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m., monday through friday and will also close one hour earlier at 7:00 p.m. each day.						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 





calendars


 
 




 public meetings
 culture, arts & special events




 public meetings









calendar







feb
24	


planning & zoning commission meeting







feb
25	


avon town council regular meeting





view all




/calendar.aspx





 culture, arts & special events












apr
19	


avon egg hunt







may
21	


town clean up and sustainability fair





view all




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 









 





follow:


 
 










   





 
 
 



 







general







business registration, licensing, sales tax filing & payments



sales tax & business license change & close form (pdf)



bid and contract opportunities









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







administration







intranet



executime login



employment opportunities









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







recreation







group fitness schedule (pdf)



membership rates (pdf)



aquatics schedule (pdf)









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







finance







statistical information, real estate transfer tax (pdf)



statistical information, sales tax (pdf)



statistical information, accommodations tax (pdf)









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







about this site







accessibility & website assistance



copyright notices



site map



privacy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 













facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 
 













home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents






 
 
 



 














	town of avon, colorado    |    100  mikaela way   |    p.o. box 975    |    avon, co 81620    |    phone: 970-748-4000   |   fax: 970-949-9139
 






  
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









