












dental academics home | school of dentistry














      skip to main content
    





 quicklinks



search







part of ut health san antonio


ut health san antonio




accreditation


coda third-party comments
coda complaints policy




dental news & events


news
events




logins


dental student absence reporting
livemail
canvas




schedule/ calendar/ catalog


class schedule
catalog
academic calendars




health/wellness


student health center
needlestick guidelines
needlestick incident report
insurance
counseling services




technology


service desk
password reset
techzone (computer store)




other


voice your opinion
ada accommodations
faculty directory
student directory
placement service
department list








menu













give






patient care






search/quicklinks









home


about


programs


admissions


student success


continuing education


alumni


research













#1 dental school in texasour internationally recognized school of dentistry, ranked #1 in texas and 30th globally, is at the forefront of dental education, research, community service and patient care in south texas. as a leading academic health center, we attract world-renowned faculty to educate the next generation of oral health care professionals.

admissions
patient care










home


about


programs


admissions


student success


continuing education


alumni


research

















18 degrees & programs



our programs include our highly regarded d.d.s. program; bachelor’s and online master’s options in dental hygiene; postgraduate certificates in nine dental specialties and an international dental program. with distinguished faculty and state-of-the-art facilities, our programs offer extensive clinical experience. 


view our programs













           
          122,000+
patients served annually



           
          15.8m
research funding awarded in 2023



           
          600+
future dental providers and specialists in 2024















 

read our latest edition of salute magazine




 

school of dentistry ranked no. 1 in texas, 30th worldwide




 

christina m. meiners, dds, named texas dentist of the year




 

researcher earns grant to develop a breakthrough oral cancer drug

















job placement services
the job placement site connects dental practices with providers and is open to any practice or provider posting or searching for opportunities. 










school of dentistry news
welcome to our newsroom, a central hub for the latest updates, news, events and accomplishments from the school of dentistry at ut health san antonio.










continuing dental education
we are proud to provide multiple different opportunities for certification and licensure.












the future of oral health





ut health san antonio 2024 graduation spotlight: brenna routh, doctor of dental surgery 











ut health san antonio 2024 graduation spotlight: glaucia schuindt teixeira neves, doctor of dental surgery, international dentist education program (idep)











ut health san antonio 2024 graduation spotlight: vincent le, bachelor of science in dental hygiene 



















  news






groundbreaking in vivo imaging uncovers pain pathways, paving way for new tmj treatments  
school of dentistry dean elected chair of joint commission on national dental examinations
ut health san antonio school of dentistry researcher and her company earn small business technology transfer grant









view all news





events




























ut health san antonio
school of dentistry







210-567-7000







                                                                                    7703 floyd curl drive
                                                                                                                  san antonio, tx , 
                                                                                      tx
                                                                                      78229
                                                                                                            map and directions







patient care
contact us
patient rights and responsibilities
careers
language assistance
give a donation
compliance hotline
notice of privacy practices
non-discrimination notice
policies









we make lives better ®the university of texas health science center at san antonio, also called ut health san antonio, is a leading academic health center with a mission to make lives better through excellence in advanced academics, life-saving research and comprehensive clinical care including health, dental and cancer services.









web privacy | links from websites affiliated with ut health's website (uthscsa.edu) to other websites do not constitute or imply university endorsement of those sites, their content, or products and services associated with those sites. the content on this website is intended to be used for informational purposes only. health information on this site is not meant to be used to diagnose or treat conditions. consult a health care provider if you are in need of treatment.














