




























































food, nightlife, entertainment news for columbia | postandcourier.com




 





















































































skip to main content























site search




search










home



pick up a copy





advertising 


print ads




arts + lifestyle


to-do list

feature

1 or 2


best of columbia



bites and sights



contests



cover story





events


calendar

free times events




food + drink


feature

nibbles & sips

bite of the week

drink of the week


free times events



lexington county



movies





music + nightlife


music features

music reviews

club calendar

to-do list

1 or 2




news


local & state news

what you missed




opinion


city watch

fight the power

further consideration

my turn

sound off

from the editor


photo galleries



rant



e-paper



special sections



careers 



subscribe 


























55°
fair 







 



                                
                                    columbia, sc
                                
                                 (29201)

today
a few clouds. low 38f. winds light and variable..
tonight
a few clouds. low 38f. winds light and variable.
 updated: february 18, 2025 @ 3:21 pm






 full forecast















site search




search


























menu














 login






buy & sell 


marketplace


print ads


classifieds


place an ad


customer service 


contact us


pick up a copy


subscribe








food


music


arts


e-paper


newsletters


obituaries









































all the news you need to know for the day.







concert and music news




        

        
            columbia's mardi gras festival will feature 18 local bands on 3 stages. here's the lineup.










columbia's annual mardi gras festival, hosted by the krewe de columbi-ya-ya, is back for the 15th year. festivities kick off with a parade through rosewood, ending at city roots urban farm. later, 18 local bands will perform on 3 stages. 



















concert and music news




        

        
            together, 2 banjo players have 19 grammy awards. they'll play with the sc philharmonic next.

béla fleck and abigail washburn, award-winning banjo players and a married couple, will perform pieces inspired by the theme of americana at the koger center in columbia. 

















local news




        

        
            historic columbia unveils immersive exhibit at robert mills house on lives of enslaved cooks

last week, the group rolled out new activities and interactive technology at the robert mills houses with an exhibit on enslaved cooks who worked in similar early 19th century estates in the south.

















food




        

        
            newcomers from the northeast are flocking to sc, and it’s influencing the state’s food scene

the palmetto state is the fastest growing in the nation. how are population and demographic shifts impacting the food scene?

















fight the power




        

        
            fight the power: like kendrick, spite is the theme for my black history month — so is black love

columnist preach jacobs reflects on the state of black america: "the handbook of black survival in america has been faced with so many reasons to give up, and we don't. why not? our strength to go forward is our middle finger."

















arts & entertainment




        

        
            a columbia stage, one of nation's oldest, opened over 100 years ago. it quietly got a facelift.

town theatre has wrapped up widespread — but subtle — renovations to its 100-year-old building on sumter street. what improvements were done? 











                
                music + nightlife
                
                    


















        

        
            columbia's mardi gras festival will feature 18 local bands on 3 stages. here's the lineup.



















        

        
            together, 2 banjo players have 19 grammy awards. they'll play with the sc philharmonic next.



















        

        
            usc's schools of music and art celebrate 100 years. the schools have 'profoundly impacted' sc.
















                
                most read
                
            




 articles




articlescolumbia's mardi gras festival will feature 18 local bands on 3 stages. here's the lineup.together, 2 banjo players have 19 grammy awards. they'll play with the sc philharmonic next.historic columbia unveils immersive exhibit at robert mills house on lives of enslaved cooksfight the power: like kendrick, spite is the theme for my black history month — so is black love




















                
                food + dining
                
                    









1:14+10







        

        
            newcomers from the northeast are flocking to sc, and it’s influencing the state’s food scene

newcomers from the northeast are flocking to sc, and it’s influencing the state’s food scene







+3







        

        
            full under $40: eat for cheap at these northeast columbia restaurants

full under $40: eat for cheap at these northeast columbia restaurants






+5







        

        
            the columbia food and wine festival is coming back. here's a first look at the 6-day schedule.

the columbia food and wine festival is coming back. here's a first look at the 6-day schedule.








+3







        

        
            columbia's late-night bar none to shorten hours, citing issues with liquor liability insurance

columbia's late-night bar none to shorten hours, citing issues with liquor liability insurance






+3







        

        
            a popular lexington brewery is adding a kitchen. what's on the menu?

a popular lexington brewery is adding a kitchen. what's on the menu?












                
                arts + lifestyle
                
                    

















        

        
            a columbia stage, one of nation's oldest, opened over 100 years ago. it quietly got a facelift.

town theatre has wrapped up widespread — but subtle — renovations to its 100-year-old building on sumter street. what improvements were done? 


















        

        
            trustus theatre is not moving. but its vista home is 'held together with hope and optimism.'

as trustus theatre mounts an ambitious 40th season, much-needed repairs to its century-old building are forcing the alternative theater to look to the future. 


















        

        
            usc's schools of music and art celebrate 100 years. the schools have 'profoundly impacted' sc.

the centennial celebrations of both arts schools will focus on the work of faculty and alumni, both past and present. 


















        

        
            columbia artists launch five points movie venue to serve as 'basement of the film community'

created by a cohort of local filmmakers, babylon kino will show the "gnarliest, weirdest, most inappropriate movies" in a 40-person space in five points. 










                
                photo galleries
                
                    


















        

        
            photos: big freedia, 'drag race' queens take over main street for 2024 famously hot pride



















        

        
            gallery: wild, wild best of columbia 2024



















        

        
            highwater fest brings thousands out for hozier, noah kahan and more in charleston



















        

        
            you win some, you lose none: usc basketball celebrates championship with thousands downtown












                
                rant & rave
                
                    


















        

        
            rant & rave: a rant about rant & rave, student loan forgiveness and more



















        

        
            rant & rave: we're back. sorry. we got locked out of our email account.



















        

        
            rant & rave: beer pong tables in front yards, 500 teacher vacancies and the o.k. corral












                
                best of columbia
                
                    


















        

        
            best of columbia 2024: thousands of you voted, now here are the winners.



















        

        
            best of columbia 2024: writers' picks



















        

        
            best of columbia 2024: food and drink












                
                special sections
                
                    


















        

        
            sc state fair 2024



















        

        
            annual manual 2024: the local's guide to living in columbia



















        

        
            annual manual 2025: getting around in columbia
























































                
                site links
                
            



about us + staff


newsletters


free times app


e-paper


place an ad


pick up a copy


print ads


careers





                
                related properties
                
            



post and courier - charleston, sc 


the georgetown times - georgetown, sc


the gazette - goose creek, sc


journal scene - summerville, sc 


the berkeley independent - moncks corner, sc


moultrie news - mount pleasant, sc


the news - kingstree, sc


aiken standard - aiken, sc 


the star - north augusta, sc


evening post books - charleston, sc






                
                contact information
                
            


free-times.com
    1225 lady street, suite 201
    columbia, sc 29201
    
phone: 803-765-0707
email: webmaster@free-times.com





                
                follow us
                
            





facebook





twitter





instagram





rss





ios app





android app













×
browser compatibility


your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.we recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

microsoft edge
google chrome
firefox


























© ,  free times, an evening post publishing newspaper group. all rights reserved.  | terms of sale
 | terms of use

 | privacy policy







































