





dwg | air conditioning parts – air conditioning parts and equipment distributors









































 










skip to content








(888) dwg-ptac (394-7822)|info@dwgi.net 

about ussite mapprivacy policy 



 
















search for:


















homeshop by brandabout dwg ac parts distributorwhy dwgac products ptac air conditionersair conditioner partsair conditionershvac equipmentwater source heat pumpsmanufacturers amana accarrier | gree accold point acfriedrich acge zoneline acislandaire aclg acmcquay acremington acsanyo acsnyder general actrane acusa coil and air acwater furnace acptac specialists nursing home ptac unitshotel & motel ptac unitshospital room ptac unitsdorm room ptac unitscontact us



 




 










 





 






 






 




 





 




homeadmin2021-10-29t17:04:58+00:00 
ac equipment and parts distributor
for oem ac equipment & parts
specializing in ptac units & parts
air conditioning parts is a national ac equipment and parts distributor specializing in oem wholesale a/c equipment and a/c parts for all air conditioner makes and models. all equipment and parts are available at factory direct pricing! for almost 30 years, our exceptional level of service and responsiveness coupled with our experienced air conditioning equipment and parts specialists has allowed us to establish solid long term relationships with thousands of a/c service companies, hotel and motel owners, apartment owners and management companies, and numerous other industry professionals who need and count on a knowledgeable ac equipment and parts supplier for overnight delivery and the best possible prices for all types of air conditioning equipment and ac parts. professionals know they can depend on air conditioner parts! let us earn your trust.
call us for any a/c equipment or a/c part at: 800-525-3572.
shop by brand
wholesale volume pricing
for high demand industries and ac professionals
at dwg air conditioning parts,  we know what our customers need from their ac equipment and parts distributor! every day we help nursing homes, hotels and motels, hospitals, colleges and universities locate quality ptac air conditioners and ptac air conditioner parts. these industries choose us because they have grown accustomed to our extensive experience and ability to identify and find not only today’s current air conditioner equipment and parts but those hard to locate ptac parts, and to provide them at very competitive prices!
if you are part of one of the industries below, follow your industries link to learn how we support your specific ac equipment and parts requirements, and be sure to give us a call for a quote!
ac service & repair industry
hotels,
motels
& resorts
hospitals & medical centers
retirement & nursing homes
college & university dorms
need a quote?
most industry professional don’t have a lot of time to waste, and no one wants to invest time and resources shopping for ac parts and equipment. this is where we come in. our ac equipment and parts specialists do this work for you. we offer all brands and replacement parts for almost any model, even those so-called “obsolete” models. put us to the test and give us a call or use our quick quote form and we’ll get you a quote on the equipment or parts you need in no time.
call (888) 394-7822
quick quote!
ac equipment or parts needed:

send me monthly specials! (no more than twice each month)message sent! thank you for your quote request. we will be back in touch with your shortly.×there was an error trying to send your message. please call us at toll free at (888) 394-7822.×request quotewholesale ac parts distributor
knowledgeable assistance and the most competitive pricing

at air condition parts, we know a/c parts, even the old ones! we have extensive resources to help you locate those hard to find parts, even the a/c parts that are supposedly “not made anymore” or are “no longer available”. many ac parts are interchangeable between unit models and even in some instances, manufacturers. as a worldwide ac parts distributor, our ac parts experts have the experience to help you locate any part you need, get it to you fast, and do so at the best price, period!
trust the a/c parts experts at air condition parts distributors for your next order!
replacement a/c parts for all air conditioner makes and models.
daikin mcquay a/c parts
trane a/c parts
emi | retroaire a/c parts
sanyo a/c parts
amana a/c parts
general electric a/c parts
friedrich a/c parts
zoneline a/c parts
carrier a/c parts
lg a/c parts
remington a/c parts
all types of ac and hvac equipment

think air condition parts when you need to replace virtually any type of heating and air conditioning equipment. we source any type of replacement air conditioning equipment from all manufacturers. and we can deliver them to you anywhere in the u.s! but that’s not the only benefit in ordering from air condition parts. because of our huge volume, we’re able to deliver the equipment you need at the best possible prices. be sure to call dwg air condition parts for all your new and replacement air conditioning equipment needs and save on your next order!

rooftop units
self-contained units
split system units
vpac’s
ptac’s
air handlers
boilers
centrifugal chillers
condensing units
cooling towers
wall mount units
water source heat pumps
coils (cw, hw, dx, steam)
fan coil units
packaged chillers
your wholesale source
for all brands of ac and hvac equipment
our commercial construction companies and commercial a/c providers trust us to deliver the heating and cooling industries top brands for their projects. no matter how many units the project calls for. in fact the more units you require, the better the price per unit. our volume allows us to offer the best prices to begin with, and when placing a volume order for new air conditioning equipment our prices are simply unbeatable. whether you need 10 to 15 ac units or 400, air condition parts is your best choice for volume orders at the best possible price!
huge discounts on multi-unit orders!
zoneaire
ge zoneline ptac units
remington ptac units
amana ptac units
carrier ptac units
islandaire ptac units
sanyo ac units
trane ac equipment
cold point wshp
vpac units
emi/retroaire ptac units
friedrich ptac units
ptac units
lg ptac units
mcguay ptac units
snyder general ac equipment
usa coil & air ac
water furnace geothermal
heating and cooling systems
we are a nationwide ac equipment and parts distributor!
we know how important it is to have access to the right ac equipment and parts as quickly as possible. and we have arranged special shipping and delivery options that allow us to deliver the ac equipment and parts you need in the fastest possible ways, no matter where you are in the united states! click your state below to learn more about how we support ac professionals and high demand industries all across the country.
alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming




 
 





your single source provider of quality oem ac equipment and parts dwg is your "single source solution" for quality oem air conditioning and hvac equipment and parts. for decades, dwg has consistently demonstrated the ability to deliver virtually any type of oem ac / hvac equipment, and replacement parts for any type of equipment, even those so-called "obsolete" brands. dwg delivers faster, cheaper, period! 

contact info phone: (888) dwg-ptac (394-7822) | fax: (888) 810-7337 | email: info@dwgi.net
 

 
 
 





		copyright 2015 | air condition parts, llc. | all rights reserved | powered by boomclient, llc. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


































go to top




