











home city of merriam





















































opens in new tab or window 






skip to main content










					city of merriam - home - logo
					



open search



menu








government

sub-menu

city councildepartmentssub-menu

administrationcommunity developmentfinancefire departmentmunicipal courtparks & recpolicepublic worksboards & commissionssub-menu

parks & recreation boardplanning commissionboard of structure appealsboard of zoning appealsagendas & minutesvoter informationcity jobscontact us

residents
sub-menu

merriam community centermy homesub-menu

petsgrant opportunitiestrash & recyclingutilitiessustainabilityrequest a house watchcommunity video partnershipgarage salesour communitysub-menu

about merriamrecreationparks and facilitieseventsnewslibraryshawnee mission school districttransportationvisitor informationchildren and teenssub-menu

activitieschild safety seatsplaygroundsswim lessonsbirthday partiespublic safetysub-menu

citizens police academycrime mapburn permitsrequest a house watchnon-discrimination ordinancepolicestay connected

business
sub-menu

apply for or renew a business licensemunicipal codesbids & rfpsregister your alarmcommunity video partnershipnon-discrimination ordinancedowntown merriam grantbusiness & development digest

services
sub-menu

apply for a grant or rebateregister for a fitness classpay a finesearch for a court casegarage sale permitssign up for the e-merriam newsletterregister your petreport a problem








search











home
services





pay a fine
pay a ticket, find your court date, or provide proof of insurance.




report a problem
report your concerns about  potholes, graffiti, abandoned vehicles, and more.




find a police report
get a car accident report or or request other incident reports.




merriam community center
members enjoy full access to the fitness center, walking track, and indoor and outdoor pools.




apply for a business license
you need a business license if you're located in merriam or doing business within city limits.




apply for a building permit
learn about building permits and other city codes.




find agendas & minutes
view meeting agendas and minutes for city council and other merriam boards.




explore our parks
find a playground, shelter, or where you can walk the trails.




apply for a job
view job openings and apply to join team merriam!



news












purchase a military tribute banner
published on february 17, 2025
honor your favorite veteran, active-duty, reserve, and national guard member with a military tribute banner!registration deadline is feb. 28









property tax, franchise fee rebate applications now open
published on february 03, 2025
income-eligible merriam residents can apply for the residential property tax rebate and the franchise fee rebate.









city, mayor bob pape wins three state parks and recreation awards
published on january 28, 2025
we’re proud to announce that the city of merriam received three state awards from the kansas recreation and park association on jan 28.



view more news

calendar












24
feb
2025
single trash hauler workgroup
february 24, 2025
the single trash hauler workgroup provides guidance on the organized collection service plan for implementing a single trash hauler for all residents of merriam.









24
feb
2025
city council meeting
february 24, 2025
the public is always invited to attend city council meetings at merriam city hall. meetings start at 7 p.m. on the second and fourth monday of each month.









25
feb
2025
parks & recreation advisory board meeting
february 25, 2025
the merriam park and recreation advisory board is an appointed body that provides recommendations for operations and program priorities concerning the merriam parks and recreation facilities.



view more events
highlights







single trash hauler
the city is looking in to having one company provide solid waste services for merriam residents.








discover what’s happening in merriam!
explore the fall merriam highlights and recreation magazine.








grants
the city of merriam invests in our community with grant opportunities for residents and business own


what’s happening in my area?
 enter your street address

discover merriam







public art








merriam history








moving merriam forward








visit merriam



back to top










city of merriam
9001 w. 62nd st.
merriam, ks 66202
phone: 913-322-5500
fax: 913-322-5505

connect with us
 

facebook




youtube




instagram











privacy policy | accessibility



                                    © 2025 city of merriam | powered by granicus














