     bill dodge autogroup | new & used cars across maine                             

                                bill dodge auto group        westbrook 207-854-3200    saco 207-283-3999  brunswick 207-721-8300    2 saunders waywestbrook, me 04092                                        service        map        contact                      bill dodge auto group              call 207-854-3200   directions                       new   shop new inventory   shop electric vehicles    showroom   sell us your car!   get a quick quote   order a vehicle     pre-owned   shop pre-owned   shop certified    shop pre-owned electric vehicles   shop vehicles under 20k   shop sticker select   shop wholesale direct   sell us your car!     financing   finance department   finance application   buy vs. lease   payment calculator   sell us your car!   bill dodge digital retailing   bill dodge special-financing     special offers   new specials   service & parts specials   pre-owned specials     service, parts & collision center   service & parts department   bill dodge collision center     about us   our group   why buy from us?   bill dodge rewards   meet our staff   employment   community involvement   donation/sponsorship request     presidents day for pets                    home   new   shop new inventory   shop electric vehicles    showroom   sell us your car!   get a quick quote   order a vehicle     pre-owned   shop pre-owned   shop certified    shop pre-owned electric vehicles   shop vehicles under 20k   shop sticker select   shop wholesale direct   sell us your car!     financing   finance department   finance application   buy vs. lease   payment calculator   sell us your car!   bill dodge digital retailing   bill dodge special-financing     special offers   new specials   service & parts specials   pre-owned specials     service, parts & collision center   service & parts department   bill dodge collision center     about us   our group   why buy from us?   bill dodge rewards   meet our staff   employment   community involvement   donation/sponsorship request     presidents day for pets        

  




    welcome to bill dodge auto group  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock        new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model search       new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search       new used      search       




     search new inventory     search used inventory        
select a body style




sedan





coupe





suv





truck





hatchback





minivan


     

                                                                                                                



















































 

bmw of westbrook
 7 saunders way westbrook, me 04092
(207) 544-4896
visit website








 

bill dodge buick
 2 saunders way westbrook, me 04092
(888) 464-1978
visit website








 

bill dodge gmc
 2 saunders way westbrook, me 04092
(888) 464-1978
visit website








 

bill dodge cadillac
 2 saunders way westbrook, me 04092
(888) 464-1978
visit website








 

bill dodge hyundai
 118 pleasant street brunswick, me 04011 
(207) 209-2926
visit website








 

bill dodge infiniti
 1 saunders way westbrook, me 04092
(888) 232-5808
visit website








 



bill dodge kia of saco
 860 portland rd
 saco, me 04072
(844) 650-4761
visit website



bill dodge kia
 5 saunders way
 westbrook, me 04092
(207) 464-9119
visit website










 

bill dodge nissan
 852 portland road saco, me 04072
 (207) 573-7053
visit website
























                  


service department
at bill dodge auto group, our highly qualified technicians are here to provide exceptional service in a timely manner. from oil changes to transmission replacements, we are dedicated to maintaining top tier customer service, for both new and pre-owned car buyers! allow our staff to demonstrate our commitment to excellence.
service locations













vehicles under 20k
not everyone can afford to buy a new car, but that's not necessarily a problem. check out our affordable used vehicles under $20k and find the right one for you. shop for a used car with confidence.
search under 20k






     

 welcome to
 bill dodge auto group
welcome to bill dodge auto group, where "it's all right here, right now!" our main goal is to provide an amazing automotive experience to everyone searching for their vehicular soulmate in or around portland, me! don't believe there's a perfect car, truck, or suv for you out there somewhere? believe it! not only is it likely "out there" - but it's actually quite likely to be right here at one of our dealerships! we're experts in figuring out the diverse needs of our many customers and providing accordingly. as such, no matter whether you're searching for a luxury car, a work truck, or a family-oriented crossover - or something else - we're bound to have a vehicle to suit your lifestyle!
the bill dodge auto group's mission is to provide a truly exceptional experience to every person we come in contact with. we keep the integrity of a family owned business at the heart of everything we do and our appreciated employees are the root of our operations. we strive to earn the trust and repeated business of every customer we meet. 
more about us


     



follow us on social media


                            



     

no matter which bill dodge auto group dealership you visit next time you need some help for the road ahead, you'll be treated to a premium experience with terrific customer service. we're proud to serve brunswick, saco, westbrook, scarborough, bath, wells, windham, and drivers all across the portland, me area.




bill dodge auto group: your local automotive experts


you don't need to go far to get your needs as a driver taken care of with our dealerships right here in the local area. from our vast selection of vehicles all sold at the lowest prices possible to the friendly team of experts that will help you through every step of the process, there's no better place to trust for the service you require.

proud to support local charities
we're grateful for the exceptional communities we do business with here in the local region. we show that gratitude through our support of charitable organizations that do important work throughout the state, such as veterans forward, make-a-wish maine, and many more.


vehicles from eight leading brands


bmw
luxury is synonymous with the bmw name, and the vehicles this brand delivers live up to that reputation. the stunning design and thrilling performance of the 5 series will give you years of memorable driving.
buick
sophisticated, elegant design makes buick vehicles stand out from the crowd. the enclave is a three-row suv that gives you more than enough room to work with, boasting a cargo capacity of up to 97.5 cubic feet.
cadillac
choosing a cadillac will give you the high-end driving experience you desire. the premium interior of the escalade will have you and your passengers riding in the utmost comfort.
gmc
drivers have been choosing gmc for years, and their reputation is well-earned. the yukon is an adaptable suv that comes equipped with gmc pro safety features like automatic emergency braking to keep you safe on the road.


hyundai
there's something for everybody in the models hyundai offers. check out the cutting-edge ioniq 5 to get an ev with an impressive range of up to 303 miles.

infiniti
if you're looking for some excitement in your drive, you can't go wrong with an infiniti vehicle. the qx80 comes with a 3.5-liter v6 twin-turbocharged engine that delivers 450 horsepower to give you the strength you need.

kia
affordable quality is what the kia brand is known for. the sorento is one great option from kia, a versatile suv that gives you an efficient drive with up to 31 miles per gallon.

nissan
there are all sorts of great models to choose from in the nissan lineup. one popular option is the rogue, and once you experience the sporty performance this vehicle's standard 201-horsepower engine delivers, it's easy to see what makes it the choice of so many drivers.



service and financing


trustworthy service professionals
when you need maintenance or repairs for your vehicle, you can count on our service teams to get the job done right. with ase-certification and factory-training, all of our mechanics have the expertise needed to help you get the most out of your vehicle.


competitive financing options
no matter which of our locations you visit, you'll have access to the most competitive financing options thanks to the dedicated experts we have waiting to assist you. we take pride in offering flexible options that will suit you, no matter what your budget is, helping you maximize your buying power so you can drive home in a vehicle you love.



                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | bill dodge auto group | 2 saunders way, westbrook, me 04092 | westbrook: 207-854-3200             





















           