





sport and wellbeing  | student life | university of stirling



































skip to main content


×




home








                            find a course







university courses by subject







study







international







research







about







student life








                            clearing








                            scholarships








                              news








                              events






my portal
contact
search our site
中文网
















中文网


my portal



site search

site search





study


international


research


about


student life





show/hide mobile menu


menu












site search






















loading...
















home
student lifecampus facilitiesaccommodationstudent services hubsport and wellbeingstudents' unionwelcomecareerscity of stirlingexplore scotland
sport and wellbeinghealth and fitnessfacilitiesmembershipsstudent sport and wellbeingperformance sportabout usnews and eventsstudy sportcommunity sport





















scotland's university for sporting excellence



get involved, get active and achieve your goals with sport, health and wellbeing at the university of stirling.
whether you’re a high-performance athlete, or just dipping your toe in the water, our world class facilities, wide range of sports courses and inclusive community will give you the motivation and inspiration you need to achieve your goals.





















move for you


welcome to university of stirling sport.
no matter your experience, we're here to help you get active in a way that suits you.


move for you









   memberships  see our membership options for students, staff and the community.          make a booking  book a class, session or facility.          opening times and timetables  check opening times for the sports centre and view the swimming pool timetable.       






   
health, fitness and wellbeing  our health, fitness and wellbeing programme offers a comprehensive timetable of classes, workshops, clinics and personalised support to help you get active and enhance your physical and mental wellbeing.          
study sport  find out more about sports scholarships, see our range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses, and discover how sport research at stirling is changing the game.          
performance sport  a range of scholarships are available for our world-renowned high performance sport programme – which offers you the opportunity to balance training and competition sport with your studies.          
student sport  our student sport programme has opportunities for everyone to get involved through a range of sports clubs and our recreational just play sport programme.       














download our sport app
your sports facility in your pocket. make bookings, check schedules, get notifications and more.














sport facilities
our sports facilities are ranked 1st in the uk, top 5 in the world (international student barometer 2022). take a closer look at what's on campus, including our gym spaces, swimming pool, tennis courts, sports halls and outdoor facilities.
see our facilities











  newssee all articles  

stirling student tennis stars crowned national champions



hat-trick of australian open titles for anna mcbride



stirling tennis scholar to defend titles at australian open






partners on campus


   
           
           
           
        











 contact us
              	







call


 01786 466900
                    



email


 sportreception@stir.ac.uk
					













sport at stirling on instagram sport at stirling on facebook sport at stirling on x 












follow us


facebook



instagram



x





youtube



linkedin



tiktok





popular links

faculties
professional services
alumni
jobs at stirling
getting here
students’ union
online shop
blog
current students
staff



site information

policy, legal and cookies
accessibility statement
sitemap
modern slavery statement
scottish charity no sc011159




contact us
tel: +44 (0) 1786 473171

                    university of stirling
                    stirling
                    fk9 4la
                    scotland uk
ask us a question ⟩






map of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland
                        



























© university of stirling





scroll back to the top





 


