


















jackson's international auctioneers & appraisers




















join auction alerts



receive auction alerts


*



lists*

jacksons-2017



join now
close


















info@jacksonsauction.com



319-277-2256
































menu











auctions

auction events
past auction results
auction highlights

order catalogs





departments


all departments


russian works


russian specialist




asian works


european art


old master art


american art


ecclesiastical works


art glass / porcelain


decorative arts


furnishings


western / militaria


dolls / toys


ephemera


jewelry / coins






buying / bidding

place bid
conditions of sale
pay invoice
shipping services





selling

request valuation
appraisal services
appraisal faq





company

overview
privacy policy
career postings





contact

our location
our team





home
































raymond piper imperial russian porcelain ii
february 26th, 2025
featuring the remaining items from the raymond f. piper lifetime collection of imperial russian porcelain
catalog coming soon
auction preview
view auction catalog
after auction sales
auction results
contact consignment specialist














spring collector's choice auction
april 29th-30th, 2025
featuring the lifetime collections of doctor manmohan singh md (1937-2024) springfield, illinois and professor emeritus holmes a. semken ph.d. (1935-2024) iowa city, iowa.
catalog coming soon
auction preview
view auction catalog
after auction sales
view auction results
contact consignment specialist














the h. a. semken lifetime collection of historic militaria
summer 2025
comprising a single owner auction of the notable holmes a. semken (1935-2024) lifetime collection of historical militaria, firearms and edged weapons.
catalog coming soon
auction preview
view auction catalog
after auction sales
view auction results
contact consignment specialist























now accepting consignments of high-quality fine art & antiques
the results of our fine art and antiques auctions have never been better. if you have top quality items to sell, what are you waiting for?
request your free valuation












fine art and antique appraisal services
considering selling a single item, collection or an entire estate? first contact one of our specialists to determine the potential auction value.
appraisal services

























jackson's health & safety policy



during the ongoing covid-19 virus, the health of our clients and employees is jackson’s number one concern. to facilitate clients visiting our campus, jackson’s has implemented the following precautions and policies:

we request that all visitors to our campus wear a mask at all times.
if you do not have a mask one will be provided to you at no charge. rubber gloves are also available for those who would like them.
hand sanitizer will be abundantly placed throughout the gallery for all to use.
frequently handled objects and surfaces are cleaned and disinfected three times daily.
we ask that all guests observe social distancing guidelines. the large size of our showroom allows for seating arrangements which are greater than the recommended guideline of 6 feet.
in the event we feel those attending would surpass what the cdc views as safe gathering guidelines, we would reserve the right to limit the amount of visitors who may enter our facility.
                                if you feel unwell with any symptoms do not attend the sale. we would be happy to place an absentee or phone bid for you or you can of course bid online.


close














at-a-glancefree valuation service
discover the value of your fine art, antiques, and collectibles
whether you are considering selling a single item, a collection or an entire estate, you will first want one of our specialists to examine your property to determine the potential auction value. there is no charge or obligation for this service.
 request valuation









auction events
our regularly scheduled auctions bring to market a broad array of objects, including russian icons, old master paintings, 19th and 20th century american and european paintings, european and american porcelain and ceramics, fine furniture, textiles, rugs, jewelry, art glass, firearms, militaria, tribal art and 20th century decorative arts. in short, any object of interest to the diverse tastes of collectors worldwide can be found at jackson’s.
our online catalogs give potential buyers throughout the world all the information they need to confidently bid on the items they are interested in, from the very comfort of their home or office.
 current auction
 after-auction sales
 upcoming auctions
 order auction catalog















research auction results
increasingly our auction results have become an important reference source of sales data for collectors and dealers of fine art and antiques who can search our past auction catalogs online to keep up with ever changing market trends.
search through our extensive database of past auction catalogs including prices realized, photos and complete descriptions. this service is free to use and does not require an account sign up.
 view past catalogs
 search results







specialist profiles



russian works specialist
james l. jackson has written and lectured widely on the subject of art and antiques and is recognized nationally in the area of russian art including icons, paintings & decorative arts. he has traveled extensively visiting over 25 countries including over a dozen trips alone to russia researching the history of icons. james was the author of the icon section for the international society of appraisers fine arts course and has been guest curator at numerous museums throughout the u.s. in conjunction with various russian icon exhibitions.
 russian icon specialist













fine art and antique appraisal services
our appraisal department is ready and able to help with all your fine art and antique appraisal needs.  each year, our qualified appraisers prepare numerous appraisals for estate tax, charitable donations, and insurance purposes.  we have served the needs of banks, attorneys, estate managers, private individuals, collectors, museums, government agencies and universities for the past 25 years.
our appraisers are able to work with a variety of objects, each having specialties ranging from oil paintings to russian icons, decorative arts, antiques, and all objects d’art in between.  we can work with you to make sure the appraisal fits your specific needs, knowing that the result will be a professional, accurate, properly-documented legal appraisal.
 more about appraisals
















fine art & antiques shipping
our fine art and antique shipping department is experienced in devising shipping arrangements for any of the variety of items purchased at auction. regardless of size or quantity, jackson’s can expertly arrange for goods to be packed, crated and shipped anywhere in the world.
in addition, jackson’s is pleased to provide buyers with the name of local authorized shippers who are also experienced and qualified in the field of fine art transportation.

 request shipping quote














past auction highlights

view some of our many auction treasures.
 view highlights











we use cookies to track visitors' movements throughout our site. the information gathered can then be used to improve the site and user experience through analytics. by continuing to use our site, you consent to our use of cookies and to the practices described in our privacy policy.
 learn more
 ok, thanks

















founded in 1969, jackson’s international auctioneers and appraisers has grown to become one of the nation’s premier service providers for the sale and appraisal of antiques and fine art.










recommended links



museum of russian icons
offering a unique and personalized experience rich with russian art, history, and culture.


parma conservation, ltd.
preservation & recovery of masterpieces of art


aca paper restoration
clean, repair, restore & preserve prints, documents, watercolors, maps & more








quick links



auctions



departments



consignments




contact us









contact us


                                    2229 lincoln street
                                    cedar falls, ia 50613 usa
                                    phone: 319 277 2256
                                    fax: 319 277 1252
                                    email: info@jacksonsauction.com


monday-friday8:00 am to 5:00 pm (ct)
                                











©  jackson's international auctioneers - all rights reserved. privacy policy





























