




 






garden city jewish center
















































garden city jewish centergarden city jewish center


about us

contact us
directions
faq
our history
our rabbi
our leadership
our organizations
reform judaism


membership

faq’s
benefits
make a donation or payment


worship

shabbat
holidays

high holidays days
sukkot
simchat torah
chanukah
purim
passover
shavout


bar and bat mitzvah
life cycle events
our sanctuary


learning

religious school
adult education
confirmation
torah study


calendar

services calendar
religious school calendar
jewish calendar


first time visitors

try us out?
guide for first time visitors


tikkun olam (social action)
sisterhood
men’s club
interfaith
cookbook
 



 



 



 

 rss











purim pizza party












decorating the sukkah






simchat torah






fresh baked challah






religious school service






lag b’omer games

































 









garden city jewish center
find your connection to jewish community

 
we are a friendly, inclusive, and welcoming reform congregation.  membership is open to all jews, those interested in becoming jewish, dual-faith families, singles, and students.
 
religious school registration starts in september.
 
for more information, email us at gcjewishcenter@gmail.com 








                            16                            feb





no religious school (winter recess)


all day event

next dates: 23 feb | 02 mar | 09 mar | 
                    




                            21                            feb





shabbat service (multi-access)


                            7:30 pm - 9:30 pm                                                    
next dates: 28 feb | 07 mar | 14 mar | 
                    




                            01                            mar





torah study (zoom)


                            11:00 am - 11:30 am                                                    
next dates: 08 mar | 15 mar | 22 mar | 
                    




                            07                            mar





pot luck supper


                            6:30 pm - 7:15 pm                                                    





                            13                            mar





purim pizza party, family service (multi-access)


                            6:00 pm - 8:30 pm                                                    





                            22                            mar





bat mitzvah of lilah colnick


                            11:00 am - 1:00 pm                                                    














welcome to the garden city jewish center 
the garden city jewish center is a thriving reform congregation in which jews of all denominations, dual-faith families, singles, and students are welcome.  members from all over long island celebrate regular shabbat services on friday evenings.
we have a “sunday-only” religious school for pre-k through bar/bat mitzvah students. active sisterhood. adult education.
we have modest membership dues and no building fund.
the gcjc has member families from garden city and many surrounding towns, including new hyde park, rockville centre, mineola, franklin square, west hempstead, malverne, lynbrook, floral park, baldwin, great neck, westbury, garden city park, elmont, east hills, east meadow, hempstead, albertson, valley stream, merrick, manhasset, williston park, bayside, and more.
for information, e-mail gcjewishcenter@gmail.com. 

 



garden city jewish center religious school 





the families of the garden city jewish center come from many surrounding towns and villages, and the majority of them are from mixed or dual-faith backgrounds. people of all faiths are very comfortable with rabbi goodman’s ability to reach every child and guide them to a higher level of understanding about judaism and its teachings.  by confirmation age (8th/9th grade), many students opt to continue studying with rabbi goodman, and are taught comparative religion, bioethics and ethics.
the religious school calendar follows the garden city public school calendar year, ending in mid-may, and offers a way for busy families to meet their children’s many sports, academic, and social obligations, while gaining all the necessary skills and information to meet the goal of a bar or bat mitzvah.
click here for more information about the religious school.
for more information, email gcjewishcenter@gmail.com. 




 

 








garden city jewish center 

 






  











from the union for reform judaism / reform movement meet four black jewish leadersmeet four black jewish leaders
jemerman
february 7, 2025

jews of color

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              black jews continue to help shape our society, emerging as social justice leaders, writers, chefs, actors, and more. i hope you'll enjoy learning about these black jewish influencers whose intersectional identities have influenced their work.


      supporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging momentsupporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging moment
jemerman
february 6, 2025

racial equity, diversity, & inclusion (redi) communities of belonging

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              welcoming the stranger, or immigrant, is a core part of jewish tradition, mentioned 36 times in the torah. we affirm our commitment to create the same opportunities for today's immigrants that were so valuable to our own community not so many years ago.


      experiencing a divorce? you are not aloneexperiencing a divorce? you are not alone
jemerman
january 17, 2025

divorce

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              starting from the torah we see that divorce is acceptable in judaism, that not all marriages are meant to last, and that one or both individuals in the couple have their reasons.


      unlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrasesunlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrases
jemerman
january 17, 2025

arts and culture

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              growing up in seattle, i was fortunate to be surrounded by the city's vibrant sephardi jewish community. seattle, with its large sephardi population, was the perfect place to grow up immersed in the language and flavors of this unique jewish culture.


       





 © 2024 urj

 

 168 nassau boulevard
garden city, ny 11530
516-248-9180
info@gardencityjewishcenter.org

 

 



 




					© 2025 urj
				














 
 












