


 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close






















free web hosting provider 
              - web hosting
              - e-commerce
              - high speed internet
              - free web page
              - photo sharing



























































search the web
























trade writer's resource center


the trade writer's 
resource center






find a trade magazine
        publisher!


find a trade magazine by industry!


find a magazine job!



american society of business press editors



american society of magazine editors



society for marketing professional services



american business media



construction writers association


international association of business communicators


national association of science writers


society for technical communication



trade magazines in the uk!


basic references all writers need


writersmarket.com - a valuable source of new markets and updates!


freelancewriting.com
 - a ton of valuable resources for the professional writer!

sharpwriter.com
--john cullen's excellent site for writers!

the freelance writer
  at about.com


freelance writing
 at suite 101

folio magazine




for more information about kendall hanson's writing services, please contact him here.









get in touch! for more information about this book, contact 
dixon-price!



writing
        for trade magazines:
        how to add $200 to $500 per week to your income
written by a professional who has made his living
        writing exclusively for trade magazines, this book will
        open your eyes to the thousands of potential markets you
        have been overlooking.
more than 10,000 potential markets are ignored
        every year by writers who struggle to make their writing
        pay enough to make it a full-time profession. worse,
        these writers will do any type of low-level writing job
        for pennies or for free just to get experience and
        exposure.
it doesn't have to be that way, says kendall hanson,
        who has published more than one million words in trade
        magazines during the last 10 years.
"if freelance writers and journalists actually
        understood what a gold mine trade magazines are for
        interesting assignments, for meeting interesting and
        knowledgeable people, for increasing their writing income
        to a living wage, and even for gathering new ideas for
        consumer articles, they wouldn't fear making the
        transition from the safe corporate job quite as
        much."


read more about the major publishers of 
trade magazines




writing for trade magazines is
        designed to help writers expand the universe of their
        thinking, says hanson. "i was traditionally
        trained, a degree in english and a rather skewed notion
        of what 'writer' meant. at one time a writer to me was
        someone who cranked out elegant prose at a slow,
        controlled pace, poised for the mot juste,
        seething with an inward passion to communicate, to
        connect with a reader," he says. "i also
        believed writing for trade magazines equalled mindless
        rote, equalled poverty, equalled failure as a writer. but
        there's excitement and satisfaction in covering new
        scientific applications, watching skilled craftsmen work,
        and following skilled managers through the incredibly
        difficult jungle of the business world. and that passion
        to connect with the reader is still there."
for the writer willing to re-examine his or her own
        prejudices, writing for trade magazines can become a
        personally satisfying--and lucrative--part of their
        professional repertoire.
read an interview of kendall hanson at freelancewriting.com.

available in paperback or downloadable pdf from dixon-price publishing.




this site
        designed with
        a little help from:

html authoring tutorials 
©2007 kendall hanson



    
    






