





the highest paying ptc and survey sites























toggle navigation



highest paying







ptc


surveys


about









the highest paying ptc and surveys

paid surveys - paid to click - paid to signup

ptc high value ads based on points and bonusses

paid to click high value ads based on bap

paid to click - paid to signup - paid offers










tried and tested ptc sites









































high paying survey sites





clixsense is one of the highest paying sites out there that not only offer paid surveys for you to complete at home and generate income, also get paid participating in other activities such as signups, offers, paid to click, contests and games. it is a stable and trusted site with ddos protection. even if you live outside the u.s. there may still be surveys and offers available in your own language for you to earn from.


another such site where you can participate in surveys and market research programs. they have lots of entries and you will receive daily or weekly invitations to participate, you will also have the opportunity to earn completing free offers. the compensation for completing these surveys are among the highest in the industry. be sure to fully complete your profile to increase your chances of getting invited. 








about us





i created this website way back in 2005 to have a list of my highest paying ptr programs. i also did some investement sites known as hyip or autosurf, including one contreversial named 12dailypro, which later turned into a big fiasco. but mostly i was promoting ptr which are paid to read programs that send email advertisements that contain one or more paid links. they all have a referral program and sometimes downlines up to ten levels. back in 2005 these programs were very popular, but over time the concept died out and other concepts such as ptc and ptsu became more popular.
when i started participating in these sites, now almost ten years ago, i was still very young and inexperienced, making my first few bucks online clicking ads and promoting other sites. i started advertising campaings in many of these sites by redeeming my earnings, and soon i started to get many referrals and at it's peak i was making hundreds of dollars from a number of different sites. but at a certain point it all collapsed and i moved on to other methods of making money online. you an still see a copy of how the website once was in the archive, not the original but the oldest version available.
after all these years making money online is still possible for anyone with a computer and internet connection around the world, even in the aftermath of the global financial crisis the concept of paying members for visiting websites and completing surveys has not died out. in fact, i have come to learn it is still very much alive indeed. new concepts and ideas are still being introduced by intuituve companies as we have seen the in the past year. and there is still much to come, that's why i got excited and the idea came to update this entire website to present you with the lastest and trusted high paying programs of today.









about
highest paying is an informative website that reviews the top paying ptc and survey sites available on the net today, in an effort to present you a selection of sites with a high income potential.


around the web













contact
to contact us please feel free to connect using twitter or facebook. mention us in a tweet, send a direct message or facebook notification, and we will respond as soon as possible.








                        copyright © highest paying 2015
                    





















high paying ptc and surveys


clixsense is one of the oldest gpt sites online, has an excellent reputation and thousands of members worldwide. we have been with clixsense since 2008 and never regret a single moment. this site pays you to complete surveys and to click ads in the ptc area. furthermore you may earn additional money watching videos, playing games, and entering sweeptakes and contests. the minimum payout for standard members is $8 and for upgraded members it's $6.

last updated: january 10 2015

registration url: join clixsense

category: ptc and surveys


 close


















current highest paying ptc


paidverts is a relatively new ptc program that started in 2014. they introduced a new concept, value ads based on the number of points you accumulate. every day you will have the opportunity to earn 200 bap by visiting 8 websites. the program will then assign value (cash) ads based on the number of bap you have. another way to collect more of these points is to buy (or redeem for) advertising. ad packs cost only $1, and will provide you with enough points to earn at least $1.50 in value ads. it may take some time to get used to and fully understand this concept, but once you do you will find that this site is highly profitable. the value of these cash ads could even increase over time up to $200 as you collect more bap.

last updated: december 29 2014

registration url: join clixsense

category: ptc


 close


















good paying and stable ptc


what does it mean a "stable ptc" you might ask? this is a well established program that runs for several years, has a lot of loyal members and never misses a single payment, always responding quickly to support requests, and has a sustainable business model. it's alsways good to focus on at least a few established sites that have a proven positive reputation amongst the community. this is to ensure your long-term income streams, because unstable sites may be profitable for some time, but eventually they will fall and you will have to count your losses. but not with the stable sites, you will not have to worry about this at all, in fact we encourage investing some money in these sites, be it from your earning redemptions or purchasing upgrades and/or advertisements. these small investments will benefit you in the long term, and you can rest asure that these stable sites will be online for years to come. buxvertise is just as clixsense defenitely amongst the most stable programs, and also amongst the highest paying. especially when all the earning options are fully utilized.

last updated: december 29 2014

registration url: join buxvertise

category: ptc


 close















