










epm, inc. - welcome to engineering planning and management





































































 
















epm, inc.








 











 








epm inc.framingham, maraleigh, nctoronto, on (epm canada services ulc)+1 508-875-2121 














menu

 


home
about epm

management team
our services
technical team
customer testimonials
quality management


our expertise

risk-informed engineering
nuclear safety services
fire protection engineering
software
chemical process safety services
training


careers

join our team
employment opportunities
college recruiting
where we are


contact us

location and contact info
































 




 
experts in risk analysisexperts in risk analysis& risk-informed managementepm offers specialized risk solutions to solve complex problems
in varied industries and topical areas.
our solutionsglobal providerglobal provider of cost-effective solutions for safe and reliable operation of nuclear power plants since 1980epm offers specialized expertise in fire safety, probabilistic risk assessment, complex systems analysis and safety-related software solutions for nuclear power plants.
our solutionsfire protectionfull-service fire protection andlife safety consulting and engineeringepm offers an experienced staff of professional fire protection engineers to provide a wide array of services in the industrial, commercial, and residential sectors.
our solutionsspecialized software solutionsspecialized software solutions forthe nuclear power industry and beyondepm provides state of the art proprietary safety-related software suite "genesis" to help utilities improve and manage the safety of their plants in the us and around the world.
our solutionsprocess safety managementfull-service process safety management and risk management program consulting services including combustible dust hazard analysisepm’s experienced staff offers a wide array of chemical process safety services for all types of chemical processing industries including food, pharmaceutical and metal working.
our solutions 



 








welcome  to epm inc. 






leading provider of safety and systems analysis, probabilistic risk analysis, fire protection engineering and specialized software tools and services for nuclear power plants and complex industrial and chemical facilities in the us and internationally. 










risk-informed engineeringexperts in risk analysis and risk management 










 













                                                                                        read more                                             











epm offers comprehensive probabilistic risk analysis (pra) services for the nuclear industry. we provide expertise in pra, system engineering, fire modelling, thermal-hydraulic and human reliability analysis. epm supports the full spectrum of pra model development and risk informed applications. 





nuclear safety servicesglobal provider of cost-effective solutions for safe and reliable nuclear operations 










 













                                                                                        read more                                             











since 1980, epm has specialized in engineering, licensing, and regulatory compliance support for the nuclear power industry. we assist utilities in the development and maintenance of numerous engineering programs including fire safe shutdown, severe accident analysis, safety classification and categorization, and environmental qualification, leveraging our superior engineering expertise and complex plant modeling capabilities. 





fire protection engineeringfull-service fire protection and life safety consulting and engineering solutions 










 













                                                                                        read more                                             











epm provides fire protection and regulatory consulting services to the nuclear power industry, and fire protection engineering design and code consulting services to a variety of clients in the public and private sectors, including commercial, industrial, and residential. 









software solutionsspecialized proprietary software solutions for the nuclear power industry and beyond 










 













                                                                                        read more                                             











our safety-related software applications and tools support nuclear plant electrical configuration, cable aging management, environmental qualification, fire protection and post fire safe shutdown. epm’s software applications optimize engineering and business processes to achieve nuclear regulatory compliance. 





chemical safety servicesexpertise in chemical process safety engineering services 










 













                                                                                        read more                                             











building on decades of expertise in nuclear and plant safety, epm provides chemical process safety engineering services to the chemical and o&g industries. through our combination of chemical process safety experts and long-lasting nuclear expertise, we offer innovative methodologies and approaches to optimize the safety of your plants and operations. 





trainingproviding you and your teams with tailored training in every area of our expertise 










 













                                                                                        read more                                             











with decades of experience in engineering consulting, fire protection, software and probabilistic risk assessment services, epm provides quality training, ranging from introductory sessions to multi-week series of in-depth classes, and tailored to your needs, objectives, and attendance. 












what our customers are saying 











 
more testimonials















genesis suite has been a huge efficiency gain for us over the obsolete cable software databases and paper pull slips we used previously. the interface is straightforward, and it is very easy to pull out the design data that you need to support modifications, calculations, etc. 




energy harbor









i wanted to let you know the work i did with epm, transitioning from indms to genesis, is one of the projects i am most proud of during my career (at exelon). it was a real pleasure working with all of the epm team, you are true professionals and i was grateful for all your hard work and support to make the limerick project successful. i wish you continued success in the future 




exelonelectrical design engineer, limerick generating station













 




an onet companyonetonet technologies 







©2024 engineering planning and management, inc. all rights reserved.website maintenance by parker web 




 



























