



home of spybot, your digital identity protection - spybot anti-malware and antivirus : spybot anti-malware and antivirus

















































































 













            navigation
          

home

about us


products

spybot – search & destroy
spybot anti-beacon
spybot identity monitor
filealyzer
regalyzer
browsalyzer


security

spybot 2.x faq

support

news
spybot forum
lost license
downloads
malware removal guides
contact

contact us
affiliates
press enquiries
about donations








privacy

spybot anti-beacon faq


identity
forensics

filealyzer
regalyzer
browsalyzer


support

support forums
sysinfo.org database
lost license?
imprint
contact us…



🛒
 







home of spybot, your digital identity protection 




safer-networkingthe home of spybotfor the past twenty years, safer-networking in greystones, ireland has been home to the award winning spybot – search & destroy and more tools protecting your files from malware, your identity from being tracked, revealing breaches of your personal data and more.read more about the history of spybot…

privacyyour privacy first! stops all kinds of telemetry. buy nowlearn more…
securityour best anti-spyware on top of award winning anti-virusbuy nowlearn more…
identityget to know who knows you!downloadlearn more…

anti-spywareanti-virusanti-trackinganti-rootkitimmunizationprotected repair environmentscriptablebuy spybot +av (professional)get more than just an antivirus!downloaded more than 500,000,000 times!learn more…download spybot free
#1 privacy protection tooltake control of your data today!buy anti-beacon plusstop microsoft and third parties transmitting your data!learn more…download anti-beacon free
check for breaches now!we will not store your data, and will use it only once to look it up on our breaches database.submitplease try again!an error occured while trying to look for breaches.retryplease wait a moment…we are looking up your account in our extensive list of data breaches, results will appear in a moment…oh no – your account was part of ? breaches!get helpcongratulations!your account does not appear in any of the breaches we know. want to try with a different account?retrysecure your identity todaylearn more…download
❮❯

buy now!
if you want your work or private life to be protected, get your copy now! 









personal











business



who we are
at safer-networking, we are pioneers in cybersecurity, dedicated to protecting your digital life. founded on the principles of privacy and security, we offer cutting-edge anti-spyware and anti-virus solutions tailored to individuals, our flagship product, spybot – search & destroy, is trusted globally for its robust protection against spyware, malware, and other online threats.
safer-networking’s ongoing dedication to innovation and regular updates ensures their users are always protected against the latest threats. their expert team of developers works tirelessly around the clock to identify and respond to the newest forms of malware. when you choose spybot, you’re not just getting a product; you’re partnering with a company that has a proven track record of defending user privacy and protecting systems worldwide.

why use spybot?
for over two decades, we have empowered millions of users worldwide to secure their systems, preserve their privacy, and navigate the digital world confidently. with a mission to deliver advanced, user-friendly cybersecurity tools, we combine innovation, expertise, and a deep commitment to your online safety.
trust safer-networking because they prioritize your privacy and security over everything else, offering tools that you can count on in a world of ever-evolving digital threats.

our productssafer-networking provides key tools for safeguarding digital privacy and security. here’s a choice of our favorite ones:
spybot search & destroyour best anti-spyware on top of award winning anti-virus.⤓buy
spybot anti-beaconyour privacy first! stops all kinds of telemetry.⤓buy
spybot identity monitorget to know who knows you!⤓
filealyzerforensic file analysis⤓
regalyzerregistry editor with tabs, power search, live bookmarks and tweak documentation.⤓buy
browsalyzerdive deep into the content your browsers store.⤓


















+++ 

for our international clients
safer-networking ltd.
unit 6, watson & johnson centre
mill road, greystones, co. wicklow
a63 tr24, ireland



					© 2025 copyright safer-networking ltd. | 
          imprint | 
          privacy policy |
          about us...






this website uses cookies to improve your experience. accept read policyprivacy policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 










