


	home - staffordshire county council






















































our use of cookies
we use strictly necessary cookies to make our site work. these cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. the cookies collect information  in a way that does not directly identify anyone. for more information on how these cookies work please see our privacy policy.

                to agree to our use of analytical cookies, click the 'accept cookies' button. no, give me more information.

accept cookies
reject analytical cookies
manage cookies





manage cookies
strictly necessary cookies
these cookies are required for the operation of the site and cannot be managed.
analytical cookies
we use google analytics to track page visits through the site. these tell us which pages were visited, the route someone took through the site and an approximate location for the user. this cookie helps us to understand a user's route through the site, so that we can adapt and improve it. this does not record any personal details or monitor anything you type in our forms.

analytics cookie offaccepton

done


















visit the staffordshire county council homepage





search







home


home
                    



related content  


go up one level

cookiesapplyreportadult social carebusinessbirths, ceremonies and deathscare for children and familieschildren and early yearscommunityeducation and learningenvironmenthealth, wellbeing and leisureheritage and archivesjobs and careerslibraries and artsroads and highwaysstaffordshire observatorystaffordshire warmer homestransportwaste and recyclingyour council and democracy






welcome to staffordshire.gov.uk


search





 




 most popular   browse site 



most popular


 tinymcefix tinymcefix cost of living support 
 tinymcefix tinymcefix library renewals 
 tinymcefix tinymcefix waste & recycling 
 tinymcefix tinymcefix jobs & careers 
 tinymcefix tinymcefix admission to school 
 tinymcefix tinymcefix bus passes 
 tinymcefix tinymcefix report something 
 tinymcefix tinymcefix school search & compare 
 tinymcefix tinymcefix births, ceremonies & deaths 
 tinymcefix tinymcefix adult social care 
 tinymcefix tinymcefix online payments 
 tinymcefix tinymcefix plan a bus journey 






browse our website




home

cookiesapplyreportadult social carebusinessbirths, ceremonies and deathscare for children and familieschildren and early yearscommunityeducation and learningenvironmenthealth, wellbeing and leisureheritage and archivesjobs and careerslibraries and artsroads and highwaysstaffordshire observatorystaffordshire warmer homestransportwaste and recyclingyour council and democracy



tinymcefix







featured content






foster with staffordshire county council

we urgently need foster carers for local children. find out how we can support, train and guide you, so that you can give a child a childhood.







featured jobs

we have some great opportunities across our different directorates. here you can take a look at some of our featured vacancies and find out more about working in those areas of the council.







staffordshire connects

view our one-stop-shop directory service featuring health and care services and events across staffordshire.







county council meetings

view agendas, papers and watch the cabinet meetings via webcast as the council members meet over skype.









latest  news








county transport priorities set out at leading regional event
descriptionstaffordshire's long-term transport priorities have been set out by the county council leader at a regional event which aims to strengthen the case for targeted funding from the government as well as private sector investment.



date:14 february 2025









work begins on branston bridge
descriptionwork to reinforce branston bridge is now under way. engineers are currently on site at the victorian bridge, working on installing a concrete saddle reinforced with fibres to strengthen the bridge.



date:14 february 2025









county council announces up to an extra £15 million boost for highways
descriptionstaffordshire county council has announced up to an extra £15 million boost to highways in the county, on top of the extra £45 million over the next three years.



date:14 february 2025









highways improvements in newcastle to start next week
descriptiona major highways improvements scheme in newcastle will start on monday 17 february.



date:14 february 2025









visit the staffordshire newsroom








a to z of services




 visit us on facebook
 follow us on x
 follow us on instagram
 subscribe to us on youtube
 watch council meetings live

sign up for e-mail alerts




light colours
dark
cream
high contrast



mystaffs app
staffordshire connects
terms
privacy
accessibility
contact us










visit the staffordshire county council homepage










            contacting the chat service.

            please wait...







chat with us
digital assistant







enter your question below
















view our privacy policy






 ‌








