

old carolina® brick company: producers of finest handmade brick







































show menu

home
about
 southern living write-upperiod home write-uptraditional product reports write-upsalisbury post article

brick options
 colorsshapessizesthin bricktechnical informationpackaging informationarchitectural specifications

brick galleries
 residential handmade brick commercial handmade brick handmade brick as paverslandscape wallsshapes and custom blendshandmade thin brick

distributors

blog

reviews







menu 
















































































the elegance of hand
moulded brick
the classic antique beauty of old carolina® brick is created by hand. each brick is hand moulded in the colonial tradition of craftsmanship and lasting beauty. used on historical restorations in williamsburg, monticello, mount vernon and montpelier, old carolina® brick add a unique warmth and flavor of history to any architectural design. our hand made brick are primarily used on eminent residences from charleston, south carolina to carmel, california by discerning designers and as well as on notably stunning commercial projects from new york to sao paulo.
based on our commitment to quality and authenticity, old carolina® brick are each hand moulded and then fired to provide the beautiful bisques, hues, and unique colors identical to those of brick made centuries ago. our hand crafting process imparts distinctive folds, finger marks, and particular surface irregularities for individual characterization of each brick. old carolina® handmade brick provide a unique appearance unequalled by conventional mass produced brick.
all old carolina® brick are pavers, as well as face brick.
brick chips now available.
 
 
 
 


































old carolina® brick company
free: 1-800-536-8850
info@handmadebrick.com

475 majolica road
salisbury, nc. 28147
p: (704) 636-8850
f: (704) 636-0000












 

        
 

 




















