



shopping cart software, ecommerce, order management

















shopping 
                  cart software
crm sales-office
affiliate 
                  referral tracking
digital 
                  product delivery

 





 
 

 


ashop  ecommerce software.  sell anything, anywhere!




 
ashop gpl
free php shopping cart software with affiliate marketing

download now! sponsors support the development:







 
ashop x
ashop gpl +  sales office and shopping mall








 


php shopping cart software
ashop x shopping cart automates 
                        online ordering and payment processing for tangible and virtual products.
feature highlights:

support for multiple customer selectable languages and currencies
sales tax calculation options for most countries
integrates with usps, fedex and ups for accurate shipping rates
secure delivery of digital goods and unlock/pin codes
playback of music and video previews directly from your shop
support for stripe
digital shopping mall included! run your own affiliate network!
sell graphical e-cards or gift certificates
new! home party planner for direct sales businesses
customer reviews and ratings
integrates with aweber and mailchimp
customer reviews and ratings
qr code generator - print and use these to promote your products to mobile devices
social networking functions
built in multi tier affiliate tracking which integrates with the digital shopping mall feature
new! completely redesigned frontend and backend which is now responsive and mobile friendly.
page replication - give your affiliates their own personal sales pages or even whole websites
facebook integration to let your customers register quickly and easily

support for recurring payments through paypal subscriptions and ccbill

standard auctions and penny auctions: run your own swoopo.com or ebay!
kunaki xml integration for on demand cd/dvd manufacturing
price list mode - run a price comparison site
flexible modular css based layout
user friendly and seo friendly product details pages
integrated sales office with order processing and crm! your sales people can login from anywhere to sell and communicate with customers or vendors.
up selling: offer related products to your customers on check out

ashop x tour...
multi-user order processing & vendor management
                          ashop x includes an online sales office and crm tool. it centralizes data in an web based system where sales operators can login to interact with customers, send quotes, process payments, convert quotes to orders, send invoices,   send vendor purchase orders, track order delivery status, enter vendor bills, and manage purchase orders/invoices/orders.
 the sales office also adds capability to create and send invoices, do automatic rebilling, and automatically create arb to charge credit cards on a billing cycle (requires an authorize.net account with arb enabled).
 with the sales office, the work flow and order related data is organized in a simple, user-friendly way that promotes consistency. it is ideal for  merchants who  want to get organized and eliminate paper clutter. sales office  tour...
member  products and commission tracking 
                          another useful feature of ashop x is the shopping mall. it allows members to join and sell through your shopping cart. each member has an admin panel login where they can add products. the products are sold through individual member catalogs or through a main mall catalog. members earn a percentage of sales when their products are ordered. shopping mall tour...
all you need to start selling is a website
                          ashop is made in php connected to a mysql database, which is supported by most hosting services. if you already have a website on a hosting account or on your own server you will most likely be able to run our software. if you need hosting you should check out lunarpages. if you need help to build and design a web site, just let us know. you can contact us here.
powerful flexibility - have 
                          it your way
                           
                        page templates, layout, button images, language, text and comments are all completely customizable. products can be simple or they can have attributes, license agreements, downloadable product files, key codes, or provide passwords for subscription access to protected directories.
install on your server
                          basic web skills are required to install the program. complete professional 
                          installation and setup is also available. the administration panel is easy to use and comprehensive online 
                        help is only a click away.
fast, reliable support
                        receive quick help and advice via  e-mail support. 
robust and reliable system for a low price 
                          all costs are stated up front and there are no hidden fees.
one of the best and continually improving 
                          ashop is the oldest still active open source shopping cart. it has been around since 2000 and has had plenty of time to grow and evolve. we are dedicated to our mission, which is to develop timely and cost effective tools for running online businesses. we are a service oriented company and we take a personal interest in each of our customers. we plan to be a leader in our industry for many years. would you like to have us on your team?                      

take a tour... shopping cart software  | crm sales office | digital shopping mall
free 30-day trial | download software | catalog
 


 

 


 

 












 














 ashop
automated online order and payment processing system. 


shopping cart   tour 


frequently asked questions 


ashop forum 





 sales office
multi-user sales system
                              automated shopping cart  
                              plus backend sales office  
                               with: order entry -  invoicing
                              vendors -
                              purchase orders
                              order
                             tracking -  
                             vendor bills


sales office 
                              tour





 shopping mall
 members join and contribute products, then earn commissions from sales. options for individual shops or one main shop where customers select and order member products.


shopping mall tour 





 clients & partners


clients


affiliates


resellers





downloads and services


file downloads & trials


installation service 


request tech support


buy products & services





company


about us


contact us 


privacy & security policies 





resources


web hosting 
                              services


payment services


ecommerce tools

 

 







 













 


payment services supported


american express payment gatewayauthorize.net sim & aim
                        authorize.net echeck
                        worldpay
                        skipjack
						alertpay
                        moneris 
                        eselect
                        viaklix
                        usight
                        nova
                        eway
                        ic pay
                        elavon
                        psbill
                        paypal
                        payson 
                        itransact
                        plug n pay
                        multicards 
                        2checkout
                        planet payment
                        paypal web payments pro 
                        card service international
                        linkpoint connect
more online payment services....


 


regions/currencies/taxes


u.s dollars - state sales taxes
                        g.b pounds/euro - vat
                        australian dollar gst 
                        singapore dollar
                        canada dollar gst/pst/hst
swedish kronor
                        languages: english, swedish, spanish, french, german, italian, japanese 


 


third party software integration


listmessenger - mail management
                        listmail pro - mail management
                        maxmind minfraud
                        punbb
                        autoresponse plus
                        infinity responder
                        saasu.com
                        ventrino pro traffic exchange
                        interspire email marketer
                        aweber





 

 


ashop ecommerce shopping cart software © copyright
       2002 - 2018
 







