


cornell university pddc - home










skip to main content









search cornell









 home 
services
links
factsheets
contact us
sample submission form










  welcome to the pddc home page!   
please note!  
 we do our best to always have at least one staff member present during normal business hours each day. however, it is always best to reach out to us before dropping off samples in-person to ensure we are available to receive your sample submission. we have two (2) full time staff members covering the clinic and occasionally, both of us may need to be away for short periods of time. additionally, we may have suggestions for the material you should include in your submission. including images when you reach out for guidance is very helpful. pictures of the overall symptoms or problem area and a close-up of the issue help us, help you! 
common questions! 
fees? please go to the "fees" link to see the current fee schedule and the services offered.
wish to pay using a credit card? to pay for your completed and invoiced sample submission using a credit card please use the secure link printed on your invoice. please do not use the link to pre-pay samples that have not yet been  invoiced. thank you!
sample submission? contact the staff of the cu-pddc via our general mailbox: cornell-plantdiseaseclinic@cornell.edu, or see our sample submission instructions 

need to reach the diagnostician? you can reach  sandra jensen at slj2@cornell.edu. 
are you a state regulatory official? please call or text karen snover-clift at (607) 227-0397. karen can also be reached at kls13@cornell.edu. 


the plant disease diagnostic clinic is a facility of the section of plant pathology and plant-microbe biology within the school of integrative plant science  at cornell university.  the clinic provides fast and accurate plant disease diagnosis and up-to-date pest control recommendations for anyone from home owners to commercial growers.  services include analysis of plant material and soil for bacterial, fungal, viral, and nematode pathogen.
  



the clinic promotes a "test, don't guess" attitude. this is because we feel that knowing the pest affecting your plants and crops prior to treatment is essential for the best chances of recovery.   the "test, don't guess" policy allows for the appropriate selection and efficient use of control methods.

when sending a sample to the laboratory please include a sample submission form. please follow our collection tips when  submitting samples! a sample that is improperly collected, packed, and/or shipped and arrives in poor shape is very difficult to diagnose.
       
	  








announcements and upcoming events



			    check this area for pest alerts and upcoming meetings.  new pest alert 5-12-23 
 



under the scope

				weekly diagnostic review reports are available here, and feature archives can be accessed here. 


factsheets


				comprehensive collection of plant pest factsheets.  
				

find  an expert
have a question? find the cornell cooperative extension office in your community. 
				








 resources 

submission form
pddc service descriptions
master gardeners
educator resources
nys fair 4h project 
in-state extension
plant pathology & plant-microbe biology


cornell insect diagnostic lab
cornell nutrient analysis lab
agro-one/dairy-one
cornell garden based learning
nys dec bureau of pest management
national plant diagnostic network
sentinel plant network (spn)

 oak wilt
soybean cyst nematode (sampling)
soybean cyst nematode (submission)
brown root rot testing
thousand cankers 
spruce samples 2014






	©2005 cornell university



