










home | equity & inclusion






















skip to main content









toggle navigation










                                      equity & inclusion                                  



 



search terms 


 submit search

 

about  




 we provide leadership and accountability to resolve systemic inequities through engaged research, teaching, and public service, and by expanding pathways for access and success. 

overview
our team
strategic plan
initiatives, committees, and task forces
forms & procedures
contact
 





programs & services  




 our programs and services support all uc berkeley constituencies, as well as building connections with a broad range of k-12 schools, community colleges, and external partners. 

overview
postdoctoral
basic needs
faculty
undergraduate
staff
graduate
diversity planning
race, gender & lgbtq+ programs
grants & awards
care programs
 





thriving initiatives
reports & data  




 we monitor and assess diversity and inclusion with regular reports on campus representation, campus climate, and campus progress. 

overview
impact report 2020-2021
reports & publications
data dashboard
survey results
 





read, watch, listen  




 read, watch, listen, engage is a space where students, staff, and faculty can share books, podcasts, conferences, and more on e&i-related topics.  

overview
books
documentaries & movies
podcasts
conferences & workshops
talks & interviews
performances & art
b4 dialogue series
listening sessions
anti-racism resources
 





give










 







 








 



















the division of equity and inclusion at uc berkeley




background image: 6 students talking and walking down the wheeler hall steps wearing cal gear

image credit: 
brandon alexis sanchez mejia 















the division of equity & inclusion leads campus wide efforts to transform uc berkeley into a learning environment where everyone belongs and everyone thrives. 
we work with and for students, staff, and faculty to integrate equity, inclusion, diversity, belonging, and justice into all aspects of campus life.











pause1234february is black history month!name and gender change workshopeach session runs from 6:00 pm to 9:30 pm. for more information or to register, individuals are encouraged to contact ngcw at (510) 548-4040 ext. 387 or by email at ngcw@ebclc.org.berkeley support portal"supportal" is a single entry point for all uc berkeley community members to find support for themselveseop readmission equity grant application for spring 2025 readmissionthis grant offers financial assistance towards clearing past due balance holds who are seeking readmission to uc berkeley.




      resources    





 



thriving initiatives
fostering a holistic approach to inclusivity, eliminate barriers to access, and support culturally responsive practices for the wellness and success of all community members.








 



disability justice hub 
a crucial resource in our ongoing effort to create a more just and inclusive campus environment. 








 



anti-racism resources
documents and resources to support the journey to becoming an anti-racist campus. 








 



building belonging at berkeley and beyond (b4) dialogue series
this series fosters a profound grasp of and action against oppression, nurturing transformative practitioners committed to community values, equality, and social justice.








 



truth-telling, trust, transformation listening sessions
vice chancellor dania matos held listening sessions during to learn more and hear how students, staff, and faculty experience the campus. 














sexual violence & sexual harassment support & reporting












office for the prevention of harassment & discrimination
report an issue












my experience survey process
















land acknowledgement
uc berkeley sits on the territory of xučyun (huichin), the ancestral and unceded land of the chochenyo speaking ohlone people, the successors of the sovereign verona band of alameda county.








      news    



february 12, 2025

 feb 12 
 staff spotlight: alexandra acevedo grave (she/her/ella)  
february 1, 2025

 feb 01 
 black history month campus-wide message  
january 30, 2025

 jan 30 
 transforming the black experience at berkeley: an interview with takiyah jackson about the village and thriving african american initiatives  
january 8, 2025

 jan 08 
 staff spotlight: lez'li waller (she/her/hers)  
december 11, 2024

 dec 11 
 staff spotlight: diana peña, phd (she/they)  



    news archive  

 



      events    

 














 
 
 
 
 









follow us:facebook
linkedin
youtube
instagram
 






share website feedback
principles of community
uc statement on diversity
 







division of equity and inclusioncalifornia halluniversity of california, berkeley 94720-1508xučyun⎮huichin, unceded ohlone landvcei@berkeley.edu
the division of equity & inclusion supports all uc berkeley community members, regardless of race, color, national origin, ethnicity, age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, religion, or any other protected class status. uc berkeley is committed to fostering an inclusive environment that welcomes participants from all backgrounds. 














powered by open berkeley
accessibility statement
nondiscrimination policy statement
privacy statement
copyright © 2025 uc regents; all rights reserved




back to top








