





        invoice finance | invoice factoring | bibby financial services
    





























































































0808 196 1692


 make a payment


 client login
















menu










funding



invoice finance
invoice finance releases cash from invoices in advance of customer payment. we have solutions to suit your business needs, including supporting with credit control and specialist finance for the construction and recruitment sectors.







construction finance
construction finance enables you to advance cash against both certified and uncertified applications for payment and invoices raised at completion.







foreign exchange
if you need to make international payments, our foreign exchange services can help with immediate trading needs or you can lock in a rate for a future date.







asset finance
our leasing, hire purchase and re-financing solutions enable you to release cash from existing assets or remove the need for significant upfront investment.







marine finance
we provide funding and expertise to the maritime sector across a wide range of vessel types







bad debt protection
bad debt protection works alongside your invoice finance facility to protect against the impact of customer non-payment and insolvency










knowledge hub


about us



about us








leadership team








careers








closing the gender funding gap








being a responsible business








contact us











introducers


get started









                                        0808 196 1692
                                    



 make a payment


 client login























keep yourcashflowmoving

get funding started >












how bibby financial services can help your business...


 improve your cashflow
 invest in new vehicles or equipment
 make overseas payments
 acquire a business or fund an mbo
 funding for stock or to support new contracts
 fund staff, including temporary workers
 finance a marine vessel







                    3 simple ways to get in touch today - let’s go!
                






                            call us today
                        
call now 






                                chat now
                            








                                    make an enquiry
                                
enquire








close x




contact us

if you would like to speak to one of our team please call 808 501 6462







our solutions




invoice finance
flexible funding that grows with your business.

learn more  




asset finance
enabling you to unlock cash from your assets.

learn more  




foreign exchange
making overseas transactions easier.

learn more  




bad debt protection
safeguard your business from the impact of customer non-payment.

learn more  









why choose bibby financial services

we fund over 8,500 businesses in 300 industries across the uk, europe and asia
we manage more than £6bn in turnover each year on behalf of our clients
we’re a family owned business and one of the uk’s largest independent funding providers
we’ve been supporting businesses for over 40 years across a wide range of business sectors
we are rated excellent on trustpilot














 trustpilot






trustpilot








how we have helped other businesses
we’ve been supporting businesses for over 40 years across a wide range of business sectors…



industry sector: retail
funding provided: £3 million
type of funding: invoice finance
we provided £3 million of funding to a  retail point of sales manufacturer.  this enabled them to upgrade their factory facility and safeguard their local workforce.



industry sector: welfare hire
funding provided: £330k
type of funding: asset finance
we provided a northern-based welfare hire business with a hire purchase solution to enable them to secure 10 new canteen space welfare units at a combined cost of £330k. we were able to offer them competitive terms, including a vat deferral, which helped their cashflow model.



industry sector: manufacturing
funding provided: £750k
type of funding: invoice finance with credit control support
our client has been with us since they started trading 21 years ago. our funding has enabled them to grow over the years, and take away their cashflow worries. they needed credit control support at first, but have since been able to bring this in-house.





industry sector: construction
funding provided: £50k
type of funding: invoice finance
our client had developed a new, innovative scaffolding stand and needed funding to help launch their new product.  they had never used invoice finance before and with the £50k of funding we provided, they were able to support their launch.



industry sector: marine & offshore
funding provided: £2 million
type of funding: invoice finance
with our support, our client purchased land to build their own premises in 2020, providing them with more room to hold stock and improved office space. our funding has given them the confidence to grow from a £2 million turnover business to £12 million during their 10+ years with us.



industry sector: construction
funding provided: £3 million
type of funding: invoice and asset finance
our funding enabled the company’s north west based founder to buy back the business he founded 20 years prior, and sold in 2018.  we provided a package which included both invoice finance and asset finance to provide the funding level and flexibility needed to support the acquisition.


read our client case studies  






latest news


enterprise freeze: smes stall investment and growth plans
news - 18 march 2024
read more 


sme confidence tracker: green shoots of optimism this spring?
report - 18 march 2023
read more 


a fifth of uk smes want to re-join eu as new checks come into force
news - 20 february 2024
read more 


all news 



















get started































                                                funding solutions
                                            


invoice finance

asset finance

international trade

corporate funding

bad debt protection






                                                useful information
                                            


contact us

about bfs

careers

business advisors






                                                resources
                                            


knowledge hub

latest news

blog

annual report 2020

annual report 2021

annual report 2022

annual report 2023














trustpilot




























































                                    change location
                                









bfs czech republic


bfs france


bfs germany


bfs ireland


bfs netherlands


bfs poland


bfs slovakia


bfs singapore








site map


cookie policy


privacy notice


terms & conditions


modern slavery act













                            copyright
                                

bibby financial services ltd


                                     registered address:
                                    
                                        3rd floor, walker house, exchange flags, 
                                    

                                        liverpool, 
                                    

                                        l2 3yl
                                    






                            registered number: 3530461
                        














