








      buddhist meditation in the theravada tradition : welcome to vipassana fellowship
    






      home





mindfulness meditation from the theravada tradition for the spiritual development of people of all faiths & none.
online courses & support since 1997



 practical training 
 meditation resources
 buddhist context 
 pali canon 
  newsletter 





welcome to vipassana fellowship



"the buddha taught dhamma to his followers out of compassion, he taught them dhamma for their benefit and happiness. when they had listened to the dhamma they could ponder over it and put it into practice. the buddha taught about the ill effects of anger. anger leads to different kinds of suffering for the person who is angry, but the person to whom anger is directed does not have to suffer from it if he does not have anger himself." - khun sujin boriharnwanaket

meditation course

the online meditation course has been hosted here since 1997. our 10 week course provides a clear and practical introduction to tranquillity and insight practices originating in the theravada tradition of buddhism but beneficial to all.  our next available course will begin in april. please join us! (or give the gift of meditation to someone you feel would benefit).
authentic texts
all of the documents on this site take their lead from the pali canon; the most authoritative record and guide to the historical buddha's teachings. they are part of a living spiritual tradition that continues to flourish after two and a half millennia. these documents provide contextual background for our meditation practice.
useful resources
we are an independent site promoting a balanced approach to the practice of meditation. we aim to offer resources to help nurture and sustain a fulfilling and effective meditation practice.
authoritative teachings

in addition to presenting the core texts of early buddhism we are developing an online library featuring some of the finest modern writing on meditation.
stay informed

our newsletter contains details of our new courses and items of interest to those meditating in the vipassana and samatha traditions.

what is vipassana?
in the pali language of the early buddhist texts, vipassana means insight. it is often used to describe one of the two main categories of buddhist meditation (the other being samatha or tranquillity). 
what is theravada buddhism?

the southern form of buddhism now found mainly in thailand, sri lanka, and myanmar. it is the oldest living tradition and its core teachings are based on the word of the buddha as found in the earliest texts.
are your courses only for buddhists?
definitely not! most of our participants are not buddhist. we always have a wide range of people of many different faiths (and of no faith) on our courses. we explain the context in which these particular meditation practices developed but our aim is to help people to learn to meditate, in a clear and systematic way, to see if it is useful in their lives - whatever their existing beliefs.


dhamma essay:the meditative mind by ayya khema





meditation |
resources |
pali canon |
training |
parisa
links |
books |
newsletter |
feedback |
donate

to know - to shape - to liberate

site copyright © 2024, vipassana fellowship and course publishing ltd      [terms of service & privacy policy]





