



ape culture - a pop culture humor webzine










home | blog 
        |  advice | books 
        | features | food 
        | games & quizzes | holidays 
        | media morph | movies 
        | music | poetry

requiems | store 
        | television | travel 
        | about us | archive













 













 web
    www.apeculture.com
      
    














 

updated july 6, 2016
 editor's note: although 
	      we rarely update the site lately, ape culture is celebrating its 18th anniversary and is a treasure trove 
	        of pop criticism!
new stuff:

drowning in the metal sludge at the download festival - coolia copes with the mud at the rainy download 2016 festival, seeing black sabbath, iron maiden, rammstein and other metal bands.
coachella 2016 weekend two: crochet tops, cut offs, axl enthroned, and prince tributes- coolia soaks in the scene as a 40something in a sea of 20somethings - full review with pics and videos.
the death valley super bloom - it's super! - coolia spends a few days in death valley amid copious wildflowers during the once-a-decade super bloom, and learns about human nature in pahrump, nv. 
beauty of the beasts: my kenya safari trip - coolia took a 2-week trip to kenya, visting nairobi and 5 parks. check out her pics and travelogue. 
my first cruise: embracing the fun imperative - from froot-loop-encrusted french toast to hairy chest contests to a meltdown at a mexican mcdonalds, coolia tries her damnedest to have fun on a carnival fun ship.
glastonbury 2013
            coolia dares to go to glastonbury without wellies and lives to tell! a full review of the epic festival with pics and videos.
          she saw the stones! 
me 
            and steve martin at the troubadour 
            review of the new steve martin dvd the television stuff and 
            the connection between steve martin's early stand-up work and generation 
            x irony and meta-making. 
tool 
            in life, treasure on tv—we love the office bully 
            - dana rossi takes on television's most lothesome office tools, from 
            the late 70s louie depalma to the most recent tool andy bernard. we 
            hate them; we love them. we love hating them.
 
 



 





join our mailing list

read 
                our blog for current ape news, celeb sightings, randomness, and 
                reviews











 

          ape culture and all associated pages are
          ©ape culture 1998-2007 and evermore.





click here 
        to learn about
        the ape editors' book
check 
        out the ape blog for the latest ape culture news and 
        reviews





















retrieving 
              an ape card?
              enter card pick-up id below:






 powered by  bravenet.com
 






