















greek wedding band - apollo orchestras - book us!














the most talented wedding band!













home

services

packages
contract


portfolio
bios




contact us








contact us : email: tsifteteli@aol.com  -  phone: (917) 495-2672
                











welcome!
apollo orchestras: the professional choice for your wedding.
contact us


your special
moments!

our business to make them memorable!
apollo orchestras!



splendid!
what can we say? your music made yiayia cry. our feet ached for days as we danced so much!
we are still getting messages from friends and family that the music was the best they ever heard.
thank you again and again.
- athena g.
read more reviews!







an all star lineup!
meet the band













trust your wedding success in apollo orchestras!

the apollo orchestras band delivers the perfect mix of your favourite music, with male and female professional singers in a captivating and engaging performance.  planning of your event may be fun and exciting, but choosing the right wedding professionals may be a task that could lead to added stress and time wasted. after 20 years in the music industry and event coordination, and with a 95% word of mouth booking rate, we understand the many decisions and details involved to ensure a successful event.

your wedding is a special day. our orchestra can provide that special sound that will make your wedding a fun and memorable experience for you and your guests. if you would like to know more about us, have questions, or would like to schedule an appointment with our representatives, please contact us.






tweets by @apollonyc
















start planning your event today!




entertainment

all greek or greek-american live music repertoire.
your choice of kalamatiana, tsamika, nisiotika, epirotika, pontiaka, chiotika music mix.

read more →


the best musicians

apollo orchestras also offers dj service and soloists.
clarinet, cretan lyra, pontian lyra, violin.

read more →


competitive pricing

apollo orchestras will tailor the entertainment to your budget!
nationally competitive prices with grade a musicians!

 read more →


fully insured

feel confident with our gold plated reputation!
certificate of liability to wedding event planner

  read more →





testimonial: hi lefteri, john and everyone else. we had an absolutely amazing time on sunday at the liberty warehouse. we were ecstatic with all of the music and received so much positive feedback about you! thank you for making our wedding day so much funa nd please share our most sincere gratitude with the rest of the group. it was even better than we imagined. 
  
all our best, 
dimitri & dessie



apollo orchestras recent events
visit portfolio →







more info


wedding #1

 brian and lola

thank you apollo orchestras for the best night of our lives.







more info


wedding #2

 connecticut

dance till you drop!







more info


baptism

 little nick 

we give the toddlers the greek welcome!







more info


greek festival

revival of traditions

apokries celebration for ny medical society reviving naoussa traditions







venues/clients
























































portfolio




weddings
the best entertainment you ever wished for your special moment!



greek fests
with a professional and authentic sound obeying the greek traditions!



corporate events
hire us with confidence for your next corporate event







tweets by @apollonyc





features

wedding photography
professional dj
greek dance teacher
cretan lyra
pontian lyra
clarinet
bouzouki
traditional wedding
belly dancer





quick contact




name *





email address *







comments *
























apollo orchestras © 2014  all rights reserved







