








explore the underwater world by becoming an ssi certified scuba diver
































training programscourses & eventscenters & resortsdive & travelpartner with ssibeginnerscuba divingfreedivingmermaidenvironmentadvancedscuba divingextended rangefreedivingmermaidlifeguardpublic safety divingprofessionalscuba divingextended rangefreedivingmermaidswimlifeguardssi explorers – the brand-new program for young aquatic enthusiaststhis program allows children starting at age six to go underwater and sample the different ways they can explore the aquatic world around them.read morelearn anytime, anywhere, on any device – get the free myssi app!we have your all-in-one app for everything underwater! digital certification cards, learning materials, logbook, and much more. get the free myssi app now!download now

					student training					
				

					professional courses					
				

					travel & tours					
				

					community events					
				

					environmental actions					
				

					equipment service					
				book your next dive course – ssi course & event calendarexplore beginner to instructor courses, community events, and global dive trips. immerse yourself in a world of discovery and unforgettable experiences with our ssi course and event calendar.read moressi center locator – find your training center for all your upcoming underwater adventures!search the center locator in your area or anywhere you wish to travel around the world and find your partner of choice. see which dive sites they operate, check their upcoming training schedule, travel, and social events, and much more.find a training center or resortssi dive site locator – dive holiday planning made easy. get inspired now!explore thousands of verified dive sites around the globe: see which animals you can encounter at each site, what the dive conditions are like and which training center will get you there.find your next adventureexplore worldwide job opportunities!find your place in ssl’s global network through the job database - we are constantly growing and have plenty of career options for you!worldwide career optionscontinentsafricaasiaaustraliaeuropenorth americaoceaniasouth americaoceansatlantic oceancaribbean seaindian oceanmediterranean seapacificred seawildlifesharksrayswhalesdolphinsturtlesseahorses and pipefishescrustaceansmolluscsmydiveguide – a smart online dive travel guide, made by divers for divers!we have created a unique and comprehensive database, connecting dive sites and their potential wildlife encounters with ssi training centers worldwide. check it out and plan your next dive adventure virtually!read moreregister freefree online trainingmyssi appconsumer protectionfind certificationglobal service center contactsblue oceansmembershipbecome a ssi centerbecome a ssi professionalbecome a mydiveguide partnerdiver recognitionprofessional recognitioncertification card replacementblog & newstravel & toursenvironmentscuba divingfreedivingtechnical divingmermaidswim & lifeguardfamilyssi newsbecome a ssi professional and join our global network now!there are many dive professional levels waiting for you. explore your options while experiencing a new lifestyle and career opportunities worldwide!become a professionalexplore worldwide job opportunities!find your place in ssl’s global network through the job database - we are constantly growing and have plenty of career options for you!worldwide career optionslearn anytime, anywhere, on any device – get the free myssi app!we have your all-in-one app for everything underwater! digital certification cards, learning materials, logbook, and much more. get the free myssi app now!download nowregister free and join the communitycreate a user profile and you will get immediate access to ssi’s free trial programs, use the digital logbook with thousands of dive sites around the world and so much more.sign up now 




english






arabic - العربية chinese (simplified) - 简体字chinese (traditional) - 中文(繁體)croatian - hrvatskiczech - českydanish - danskdutch - nederlandsenglish - englishfarsi (persian) - فارسی / پارسی finnish - suomifrench - françaisgerman - deutschgreek - ελληνικάhebrew - עבריתhungarian - magyar indonesian - bahasa indonesiaitalian - italiano japanese - 日本語korean - 한국어norwegian - norsk (bokmål)polish - polskiportuguese (brazil) - português (brazil)portuguese (europe) - português (portugal)russian - русскийserbian - srpskislovenian - slovenščinaspanish - españolswedish - svenskathai - ภาษาไทยturkish - türkçeukrainian - українська моваvietnamese - tiếng việt







 



						ssi - your choice for certification
					
© maresscuba divinglearn morelearn how to scuba dive and change the way you view the world forever. you will get to explore a hidden underwater world filled with colorful marine life and dramatic landscapes. this safe fun sport for the whole family is truly unbeatable. begin your adventure today.
© mares - bjoern-dorstewitzextended range / technical divinglearn moressi’s extended range allows you to go beyond the limits of recreational diving. this extensive compilation of globally recognized tec diving programs will equip you to go decompression diving, explore more challenging environments, and use new equipment configurations.
© mares - irena stangierskarebreather divinglearn moreenjoy the bubble-free silence of rebreather diving. learn to independently plan and conduct rebreather dives using a closed-circuit or semi-closed rebreather. start your rebreather training today with ssi’s globally recognized rebreather programs!
© aqualungsnorkel diverlearn morelearn how to snorkel with the ssi snorkel diver program. discover all you need to go snorkeling and experience the wonders of the ocean! get started with ssi today!
© istock - mihtianderfreedivinglearn moreare you ready for the ultimate in underwater exploration? learn to freedive and experience the utter freedom this amazing sport provides. it is the greatest adventure of your life! earn your freediving certification with ssi. get started today.
© shutterstock - toporkovamermaidlearn moreyour lifelong dream of becoming a mermaid is just a tail-flick away! no longer just a fairy tale, becoming a mermaid is a great way to keep fit, have fun and appreciate the marvels of the ocean.

this is not just for children, it is for everyone! get started today with ssi!
© shutterstock - jacob lundswimlearn moressi provides top-notch training for swim instructors, helping you teach essential water skills to individuals of all ages. join our community and open up a world of safe and enjoyable aquatic experiences. dive into swim instruction with ssi and make a difference in water safety today!
© shutterstock - wonderful-naturelifeguardlearn moreif you are comfortable in and around water and want to make a difference to peoples’ lives, join the ssi lifeguard team. accept the challenge! earn your ssi lifeguard certifications and join lifeguards around the world, make lifeguarding your fulltime job and save lives.

						discover brazil’s most popular dive sites
					
					with more than 7,000 kilometers (4350 miles) of shoreline along the atlantic ocean, brazil offers some of the best diving in south america. staggering cliffs and white sand beaches that meet these beautiful waters give both locals and tourists magnificent views. incredible landscapes and abundant nature await you in brazil. this exciting country is rich in culture and friendly, diverse people. the best diving in brazil is in the northeast, where the visibility and temperatures are magnificent. get ready to see spectacular rock formations, exciting caverns, caves, and tunnels filled with an array of exotic marine life when diving in brazil. explore brazil’s most popular dive sites here.
					find your next adventure
© maresnaufrágio buenos aires (wreck)the buenos aires steam sank in 1890. point indicated for experienced divers, with wrecks found from 13 meters to 42 meters deep. common presence of strong surface currents, average temperature of 18 degrees and average visibility of 3 meters.learn more © maresnaufrágio pinguinosituated in the middle of sítio forte cove, pinguino is the best preserved shipwreck in the costa verde region. it is 18 meters deep, providing an incredible experience for beginner divers, who still don't know this emblematic diving scenario. penetration not allowed.learn more © ssi service center brazil, 13211-693 jundiaí spparcel do coronelparcel dos coroneis is considered by many divers the best dive site in the sea from inside ilha grande. with up to 26 meters deep and 200 meters long, the parcel dos coroneis presents great schools and a lot of marine life.learn more © aqualungponta grossaponta grossa do sítio forte is a popular spot for ilha grande’s divers. this point is a rocky coast, when you go around the tip you enter the cove of sítio forte.learn more 
						discover the world’s most fascinating aquatic life
					
					aquatic life under our oceans, lakes, rivers, and streams is amazing! from microscopic zooplankton to the largest animal on earth, the blue whale, underwater life comes in all possible shapes and sizes. with 71% of the earth being covered with water, it is no wonder we are so fascinated with what lies beneath the surface. in fact, scientists estimate that there are nearly 1 million different species of aquatic animals. freshwater ecosystems are home mainly to fish, invertebrates, and reptiles, whereas the ocean contains a wide array of marine life including fish, mollusks, crustaceans, reptiles, sharks, and marine mammals like whales, dolphins, seals, and manatees.
					
© istock-stephneaspinner dolphinone of the most acrobatic dolphin species, the spinner dolphin is famous for its acrobatic displays, specifically the way in which it spins multiple times longways as it jumps through the air. they are commonly spotted racing alongside boats and are a beautiful, exciting site to see. these agile mammals are among the smallest of the dolphins and are found in tropical waters all around the world. the largest populations seem to be near thailand, the central american pacific coast, and the hawaiian islands.learn more © adobestock-hakbaknurse sharkleading a humble, sedentary lifestyle, the nurse shark may not be the most thrilling shark to dive with in the sea, but it is by far one of the most common. this dusty brown, robust animal is a very popular sighting amongst the coral reefs of the caribbean and is mostly distributed in the eastern pacific ocean, along the coast of the americas, the eastern atlantic ocean, and the western atlantic ocean along the coast of africa.learn more © istock-christian von machpipefishpipefish are considered cousins of the seahorse, being classified in the same family as both seahorses and dragonfish, syngnathidae. these small fish have many similarities and differences when comparing the two. like seahorses, they have a long snout and some species also have prehensile tails that allow them to grab onto seagrass and coral.  unlike seahorses, pipefish have straight bodies and can be much stronger swimmers.learn more © shutterstock_krzysztof odziomekbutterfly fishthere are nearly 130 different species of marine butterflyfish all living in the tropical waters of the atlantic, pacific, and indian oceans. these beautiful, small fish are known for swimming in monogamous pairs but can sometimes be seen in large schools. like their larger cousin, the angelfish, they are a favorite sighting for scuba divers and snorkelers due to their beautiful, bright coloration and striking patterns. another distinguishing characteristic is the eyespots many species have on their flanks to trick predators, similar to those found on butterfly’s wings.learn more 
						check out the incredible moments water enthusiasts like you experience every day with ssi
					
					did you just complete an ssi certification? proudly post it! want to support your favorite ssi training center and promote it to the world? post it! did you just have an unforgettable dive experience with your ssi professional? post it!
					
					we love to see the ssi family growing day by day: so upload your photo to instagram with #wearessi or #divessi or mention @ssi_international, and it will automatically appear in the ssi hall of fame. we can’t wait to see your adventures today!
					


						discover the wonders of the deep with ssi's blog
					
					join us on an exciting journey of discovery and learn more about exhilarating diving adventures, dedicated conservation initiatives, and innovative educational opportunities that will help you illuminate the extraordinary beauty of the underwater world. let's explore the underwater world together and delve into the hidden wonders beneath the gentle waves.
					 





 find a training center or resort
 find your next adventure
 jobs worldwide


help center
frequently asked questions (faq)
global service center contacts
consumer protection
find certification
professional verification (pro check)
order replacement card


services
register free
app download
blog & news
jobs worldwide
blue oceans
insurance


ssi international
about ssi
diver recognition
professional recognition
pro reward system


legal
privacy policy
imprint


group companies
liveaboard.com
scubago
mares
revo
zoggs
head














			© 2025 ssi international
		













