




dog training toronto
































menu
close




dog training toronto








about
contact
privacy


about
contact
privacy








 




july 28, 2020

what to do when a raccoon attacks your dog


a raccoon is a major threat to the dogs. mostly, a dog which is not familiar with raccoon will tend to invoke a fight between the two. however, a dog will always lose the fight between it and a raccoon. it attacks in high speed and it is quick to note the weak points in a dog.
according to raccoon removal toronto, these wild animals target dog’s eyes to make blind at the same time, they try to rolls dogs on its back scratching its lungs and the belly. raccoons can infect your dog with rabies or other infections that can cause failure of the eyes, lungs, kidneys, and the urethra.
in such a moment, your dog will be in a dangerous condition. nonetheless, you can help your dog after such an attack. the following include some tips on how you can go about it:
a) seek evaluation for your dog by a veterinarian
raccoons are associated with infecting pets with rabies disease. this disease spreads like a plague. mostly, raccoons attack pets while they are in an attempt to spread the disease.
thus, it is important for you to seek for an evaluation for your dog to check whether it has been infected with this disease. if the dog contracts the disease, you can proceed with treatment.
b) vaccinate your dog with rabies booster shot
raccoons are nocturnal. thus, if you happen to see one in your compound or if one attacks your dog, it should give you a warning. a raccoon may also attack your dog at night if you like letting your dog to remain out and safeguard your home at night.
thus, after such an attack, you should be sure to vaccinate your dog. if the raccoon passed rabies virus to your dog, you can be in a position to prevent your dog from contracting the disease. if your dog was recently vaccinated, you can seek advice from a veterinary on the next step.
c) quarantine your dog
you may be having other pets or even kids. the risk of rabies spreading in your home or your neighborhood might be posed by a raccoon attack. therefore, secluding the attacked dog from home can help you to prevent the spread.
d) treat your dog
after raccoon attack, you should be keen to treat your dog immediately. treatment is done on the injuries and wounds caused on the dog’s body. if the dog has contracted rabies disease, you should also seek for its immediate treatment.
raccoons have caused deaths of many pets including the dogs. since the mammal belongs to the nocturnal group, there are higher chances of finding one in your compound during the night. therefore, you may consider having your pets spend the night inside the house. this will prevent any attacks by raccoon at night.






july 28, 2020

learn the do’s and dont’s of dog training before is too late


what are the do’s and don’t’s of dog training? this is something that every dog owner needs to be aware of, especially if they want to be successful at training their dogs. not because someone tells you how to train your dog means that they know everything there is to know about the subject. there are times in which applying the wrong training technique or applying a training method at the wrong time might be contra productive in your effort of training your pet.
the do’s and dont’s of dog training are not something so complicated, and these can be easily understood by even the simplest pet lover and dog owner trying their hand at dog training.
every owner ought to become familiar with the don’t’s of dog training, especially if they want to prevent their dogs from getting into trouble in the future. one of the critical facts that the owner needs to keep in mind is that dogs are all different. even dogs of the same breed are different. there are not two dogs that are alike. therefore it can’t be expected that these dogs respond to training in the same way.
when a new pup comes into a new home where there is already an older dog, it is good to make sure that the dogs get along well. avoid neglecting the puppy around the older dog without guidance, as the older dog might not show too much patient toward the younger one, especially if the pup is over excited and they tend to be when they arrive at a new home.
as the owner, you must not allow other dogs to be rude to your dogs, so it is best to keep a watch on them. you should also not ignore your dog when you feel that she is trying to tell you something especially if you notice something amiss in her behavior. never impose your training goals to your dog and never punish a dog for doing something wrong.
let’s examine some of the do’s of dog training. something that dog owners often ignore is that dogs required personal space, just because they are animals do not mean that they don’t need or deserve their space when they need it. another thing that dogs need is socialization with other pets. and finally, they need to be respected the same way that you want to be recognized.
you will realize that when dogs dislike another dog, a person or another pet, they are most of the time being protective. dogs are very loyal, and they tend to show their loyalty by disapproving of what they thing could be dangerous or a threat to their owners. your dog knows that you are not only her master and trainer, but her protector, and in exchange, she wants to be yours.






july 28, 2020

dog training fundamentals





training a dog requires an extra level of patience and diligence. dogs, by nature, are playful and slightly unruly. controlling their activity and focusing their attention is often challenging, especially if you’re trying to do so in an environment that offers distractions. the benefit is that investing the time and effort to train your pup helps him learn how to be a better companion to you and your family.
there are a few ground rules to follow when training dogs, we’ll explore four of the most important.
consistency is the top priority
dogs learn by repetition. but to learn effectively, the repetition must be consistent. for example, suppose you’re teaching your dog to heel. if you say, “heel” and your spouse says, “down,” there is a chance your canine will become confused. he may eventually learn to heel on command, but the process of learning is slowed. it may even prevent him from committing the command to the memory. be consistent. if a family member or friend participates, ask them to do the same.
it is also important when rewarding successful behaviour. only provide a treat as a reward if your dog fully satisfies your command. for example, if you call for him to come, but he only comes halfway, withholds the treat until he fully complies. otherwise, he will soon learn that coming halfway is sufficient.
limit the duration of the sessions
dogs have short attention spans. for this reason, you’ll find that shorter sessions are more effective for holding their attention and producing positive results. a lot of owners push forward with longer periods despite their pups becoming bored. this rarely has a positive effect. the pup becomes less attentive while his owner becomes increasingly frustrated.
for the best results, keep sessions under fifteen minutes. doing so helps guarantee your dog will stay focused.
always remain calm
it is an often overlooked, but critical part of effective dog training. always remain calm, regardless of whether your pup successfully responds to your commands. owners often become frustrated with their dogs during training sessions and react in anger. even if they manage to avoid yelling, the pup senses the tension. this shatters his focus and makes it even less likely he’ll behave as desired.
the calmer you remain, the more control you’ll have over the training sessions. if you feel frustrated, give your dog a final easy command and reward him when he satisfies it successfully. then, end the session.
never punish
most professional dog trainers are in agreement: positive reinforcement is far more effective than negative reinforcement. in other words, your dog will commit your commands to memory more effectively if he has been rewarded for complying with them in the past. by contrast, if he has been punished for failing to comply, he is unlikely to commit the command to memory. he will have learned nothing from being punished except to fear you.
canines, whether puppies or adults, do not use logic in the same manner people do. for example, suppose your pup digs a hole in your garden and you stumble upon it hours later. if you punish him, he is unlikely to make the connection between the hole he dug and your reaction. this is the reason trainers strongly recommend rewarding behaviours immediately. if you wait, even for a few minutes, your pup won’t understand why you’re rewarding him (though he’ll happily accept the treat).
most owners are well-intentioned about training their dogs. unfortunately, many lack the patience or time to do it properly. if you intend to train your pup on your own, use the four ground rules above to improve your chances of success.













july 28, 2020

dog training – everything you need to know


dog owners know that there is a need for dog training especially when you get to purchase a dog that isn’t used to its new surroundings and the kind of lifestyle that you want him to get used to. therefore, here are several tips that will help you train your dog in such a way that he gets to behave the way you want him to.
rapport
you and your dog need to establish a certain level of communication. since your dog will be with you for a long time, there is a necessity to establish a certain kind of bond between you both. make it a habit of spending ample time with your dog so that he gets to know that you are his master and that he may be able to trust you infinitely. dogs can be very sensitive animals, and they are also the very loving to their owners. make it a point that you don’t neglect bonding time with your pet. a regular walk in the park or a simple rough-and-tumble time with your pet with do wonders for you.
behavior
one of the main aspects that need to be considered is the overall behaviour of your dog. you want your dog to behave well. it will include training him so that he knows when to bark and when not to bark. of course, a dog’s natural instinct is to bark when threatened. however, if your dog barks excessively and begins to irritate you or the neighbours, you will need to find out why he keeps barking that way. there may be reasons behind it, or he may be trying to tell you something. if you’ve already made sure that everything is alright and he still keeps barking, it will be time for you to find several other things to keep him busy so that he stops barking.
biting family members or even strangers doesn’t do well especially when you don’t want your dog to keep biting everyone who gets near you. find out why he does this and make necessary changes so as to help improve his behaviour towards other people.
potty
you will also need to train your dog so that he knows where he can do potty. it will be best to make use of a potty bin or area that gets introduced to your dog each time he wants to do potty. it will be great to establish a routine wherein you get to bring him near the area regularly up until he does it on his own.
various tricks
you might even want to train your dog so that he knows several tricks. it will prove to be your time to try employing the different reward options that you can think of. positive rewards such as favourite cookies or such can be good reward items you can use each time your dog gets to do the trick you want him to learn.
dog training is important especially if you suddenly find yourself with a new dog that isn’t used to your kind of lifestyle. training will involve all the different aspects such as behaviour, potty, and the various tricks you want him to learn. while training your dog, it will also be necessary for you to achieve a level of communication with him and be able to spend ample bonding time with your pet.









about
contact
privacy




© 2025 dog training toronto. all rights reserved.
theme by anders norén.




