







dream arcades: premier custom multicade arcade gaming machines































































 







menu








products 

4-player cocktail
19" upright cabaret
retro edition
vision pro upright
vision 29 upright
vision 32 upright
vision 40 upright
narrow claw machine
standard claw machine
super claw machine
ribbit riot


corporate arcades
financing
support 
press
about us


faq

















 (916) 545-8625
























 







4-player cocktail


   







19" upright cabaret


  







vision 32 upright


   







vision 40 upright


   







retro edition


   







claw machine


   







vision 29 upright


   







super claw machine


 







vision pro


 







ribbit riot


 







narrow claw machine


 








dream arcades plays more video game systems than any other arcade. plus,
			every arcade supports more than just video games.
		































 









									play thousands of games
 








just like you playedas a kid
							

remember how much fun you had playing those classic arcades as a kid? all of our
									arcade machines are designed to play thousands of
										games exactly like you remember. our multi-game video arcade machines
									include classic games like: pac-man, galaga, dragon’s lair, and can play thousands
									more. plus, you can play games from other console systems like: neo geo, pinball,
									n64, snes, sega genesis, atari 2600, 5200, 7800, game gear, game boy, game boy
									color, game boy advanced, and more. with our ai powered cart app you can simply snap
									a photo of your old console cartridges and google ai will add your games to your
									library. 
									dream arcades machines are built on windows
									with a custom menu so you are not limited to just playing arcade games. our arcades
									include built-in steam support, pc game support, an mp3 player—you can even stream
									movies from netflix, youtube, disney+, twitch, hulu, & more.
									we only use authentic arcade quality joysticks and buttons on each home arcade
									machine. other multi-game arcades are just toys, made with cheap, thin particle or
									press board. our video arcade machines are designed to commercial specifications,
									and built using 3/4” medium density fiberboard with laminated melamine, which
									is water resistant, as well as two to ten times stronger than most of our
									competitor’s arcade systems.
								
read more...










 

easy to add games via our
				retro reload site

each home arcade machine for sale on our website features our industry-renowned
					retroreload mame arcade
					software. our exclusive retroreload software makes finding and adding your favorite
					games to our video arcade
					machines a breeze. simply type in the name of the classic game you are looking for
					and the arcade game cabinet
					will search google for virus free sites to download it from.
all you have to do is click on the game you want and our home arcade machines will
					automatically download,
					configure, and add the game to the menu for you. adding games to your arcade machine
					has never been easier!
read more...












 








why dream arcades

unlike other arcade builders, we're an arcade machine cabinet manufacturer. our
									multi-game video arcade systems are
									not built one at a time in someone's shop or garage--our factory builds hundreds of
									home arcade game cabinets
									and tables at a time in an assembly line.
this process allows us to focus on quality and craftsmanship while saving hundreds of
									dollars on all the arcade machines
									for sale on this site, which we pass directly to you, the customer. the arcade game
									machines for sale
									here feature hundreds of classic titles. you'll never find bootleg games in any of
									the multi-game video arcade
									systems for sale on this website, as we include only properly licensed titles.
read more...















 testimonials 









										my dreamcade® was so easy to use that
										before i even read the manual
										my kids had already started playing it!
									

										-samuel j. ca











										you folks are the best. delivery was great and the driver was very helpful. you
										folks built a great machine.
										we couldn't be happier.
									

										-fred e.
									










										my kids love to play our arcade and because it has 4-players there's no, wee
										almost no, fighting. my husband
										was even able to add additional games. thanks so much...
									

										-mary k. ut
									










										hi there! i received my stand-up arcade system last month and am enjoying it
										very much. a very solid cabinet!
										works great!
									

										-dave b. tx
									










										mike, thank you for all the help. you guys are really the single best company i
										have ever dealt with. rest
										assured that we will be doing more business in the near future..
									

										-chris s. ga
									










										outstanding communication, follow-up and professionalism. i definitely
										recommend.
									

										-murry g. ga
									
















facebook posts


dream arcades
















 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 









 



                                since 2003, dream arcades inc. has been the source for authentic arcade fun. we sell
                                thousands of arcades all over
                                the globe, making us the largest pc arcade & kit distributor in the world, with
                                customers as far away as
                                antarctica...
                            




important links 


 home 
 products 
 corporate 
 support 
 press 


 about us 
 visit us 
 terms & policies 
 privacy policy 
 cookie policy 






contact us




(916) 545-8625



sales@dreamarcades.com




 

 

 

 










 © 2020-2025 dream arcades inc.

































 

