ï»¿




online michigan real estate & builder courses | great lakes realty systems




































 navigation 


home
class schedules
online courses
privacy notice
contact


















real estate & builder
seminars, courses & online education












online michigan real estate and builder courses
we offer online michigan real estate continuing education courses, real estate salesperson and broker prelicense courses, and builder prelicense and continuing competency courses. select from the links below depending upon the type of course you want to purchase. follow the same link to continue with a course that you've already purchased.
online course selection

michigan real estate continuing education


michigan real estate salesperson prelicense


michigan real estate broker prelicense


 michigan builder prelicense


michigan builder continuing competency



michigan real estate continuing education classes
we also conduct michigan real estate continuing education courses in the "live" classroom. view class schedules to see whether we're conducting a class in your area.


our history
 jack miedema 
great lakes realty systems, inc. was incorporated by jack miedema in 1994 and is based in the metropolitan grand rapids, michigan area. besides facilitating numerous real estate-related seminars and courses, we've also developed course materials licensed by other educators who have trained real estate agents from alaska to florida.
 










glrsonline.com
great lakes realty systems, inc. is a provider of real estate training, course development, and educational consulting founded in 1994.

privacy policy
sitemap



online course support
telephone online course support is available from 8:30 a.m. - 10:00 p.m. eastern time monday through friday and 1:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. on saturday and sunday, except for the dates and times listed here. we'll respond to e-mailed questions within 24 hours.
phone:   616.538.7073
e-mail: onlinesupport@glrsonline.com


get in touch



phone:

616.538.7073 


email:

staff@glrsonline.com



mailing address:
                        po box 186
                        grandville, michigan 49468-0186







                        copyright © 1998-2021 great lakes realty systems, inc. all rights reserved.
                  
                  website developed by: vandenberg web + creative.










