








the ny metro area's most active whitewater paddling club












































































































 
 

 


skip to content








register/ view accountmy account remember meregister 

facebookamerican whitewaterlog in - your accountamerican riversamerican canoe association 














 aboutkccny about kccnynews and views paddling storieshow tohistory history of kccnynewslettersadvocacyhow to contributeofficers and boardcommittees conservationfinancejack goldstein awarded alexander grantdonatelogos / marketingbylawsanti-discrimination and anti-harassment policyprivacy policyformspartnersgettingstarted beginning whitewaterguestsloaner equipmentinformation for trip participantsinflatable kayaksraftsjoin orrenewmemberinfo guestsyour account log inyour bookingsmember listloaner equipmentmeeting agendameeting minutesevents all activitiestrip participant infoguestsyour bookingshow to coordinate training for tripswaivers-why & howsubmit & edit events submit an eventusing this website for coordinators manage event bookingsedit your eventsedit your meeting placesafter trippool pool inforegistrationriverinfo rivers & event locationswhitewater release schedulecamera gauges moodna creekcontact join mailing listaboutkccny about kccnynews and views paddling storieshow tohistory history of kccnynewslettersadvocacyhow to contributeofficers and boardcommittees conservationfinancejack goldstein awarded alexander grantdonatelogos / marketingbylawsanti-discrimination and anti-harassment policyprivacy policyformspartnersgettingstarted beginning whitewaterguestsloaner equipmentinformation for trip participantsinflatable kayaksraftsjoin orrenewmemberinfo guestsyour account log inyour bookingsmember listloaner equipmentmeeting agendameeting minutesevents all activitiestrip participant infoguestsyour bookingshow to coordinate training for tripswaivers-why & howsubmit & edit events submit an eventusing this website for coordinators manage event bookingsedit your eventsedit your meeting placesafter trippool pool inforegistrationriverinfo rivers & event locationswhitewater release schedulecamera gauges moodna creekcontact join mailing listaboutkccny about kccnynews and views paddling storieshow tohistory history of kccnynewslettersadvocacyhow to contributeofficers and boardcommittees conservationfinancejack goldstein awarded alexander grantdonatelogos / marketingbylawsanti-discrimination and anti-harassment policyprivacy policyformspartnersgettingstarted beginning whitewaterguestsloaner equipmentinformation for trip participantsinflatable kayaksraftsjoin orrenewmemberinfo guestsyour account log inyour bookingsmember listloaner equipmentmeeting agendameeting minutesevents all activitiestrip participant infoguestsyour bookingshow to coordinate training for tripswaivers-why & howsubmit & edit events submit an eventusing this website for coordinators manage event bookingsedit your eventsedit your meeting placesafter trippool pool inforegistrationriverinfo rivers & event locationswhitewater release schedulecamera gauges moodna creekcontact join mailing list 










search for:





















the ny metro area’s most active whitewater paddling club









the ny metro area’s most active whitewater paddling clubtom hart2025-01-28t14:25:04-05:00

 
 loading...







whitewater paddling at all levels 


check out trips
participation requirements (guests welcome)











loaner gear available 



get started in whitewater or step up with some of our boats. 


more about loaners











pool sessions dec-march 



learn to roll, master flatwater tricks (or just hang) 


pool info
guests welcome









the  first  club in  the  east  to  put  kayaks  first.
 pool sessions started have started. learn to roll or step up with playboating clinics! pool sessions  are a great way to get started with whitewater. learn to roll and control a boat in a warm, safe environment. kccny even has loaner gear to get you started.
join or renew  now and your membership is till the end of  – which means you’ll be good to the end of 2025!
about kccny
welcome to the kayak and canoe club of new york, the new york metro areas biggest whitewater paddling club! kccny is dedicated to helping individuals of all skill levels experience the thrill of whitewater rafting, kayaking, and canoeing in the diverse waterways of the northeast.
if you’re new to paddling in rapids, we’ve got you covered! as a member, you’ll enjoy a range of benefits. our experienced paddlers are eager to teach you the fundamentals, provide loaner boats for your initial trips, and guide you through river excursions to help you improve your skills. more about getting starting paddling whitewater.
experienced boaters will find a welcoming community at kccny. join our club and you’ll quickly make friends with fellow members during our numerous coordinated trips throughout the year. as an added bonus, our club’s insurance coverage allows you to plan and coordinate your own trips with peace of mind.learn more about coordinating trips with kccny.
our schedule has trips for the normal rainy seasons, most mid-atlantic whitewater releases especially the mongaup and lehigh and occasionally ocean surfing, as well as practice and play on the ever-flowing delaware.
while on the rivers, experienced paddlers will gladly give useful hints to better boating. we even have instructors who assist with pool session rolling and practice during the winter and schedule various formal instruction trips throughout the paddling season. pool sessions have usually run november to the end of march in garfield nj.
off the river, kccny is noted for our longstanding efforts at conservation and river access. we also raise and donate funds to organizations such as american rivers and american whitewater to help their programs in river conservation and paddler access.
we also raise money to get folks into the sport including training and loaner whitewater gear.
join us.







upcoming events




cold water paddling workshop


 fri, feb 21 



yonkers ny








playboating clinic


 sat, feb 22 



garfield nj








pool session #11


 sat, feb 22 



garfield nj








whitewater recovery


 sat, feb 22 



garfield nj



click to see all upcoming eventsmajor events




tohickon



sat, mar 15 - sun, mar 16 



pipersville pa









join our email list
* indicates required

email address  *






 












go ahead...we won't spam you.

latest news and views


2025 mongaup schedule


learning to playboat







log in 


username or email address


password

 remember me




or

continue with google

 


show password



 


lost password?  
 
 
 
 

past pool session (for late registration)


pool session #10 (still on - snow later)15 feb



 

 
 





 


search for:








 

creative commons attribution-noncommercial.contact us for commercial use. 

© 2012- kayak & canoe club of new york.site developed by tom of bower web solutions. 

 
 
 
 

 
 
page load link

 




















 



go to top




