





welcome - leighinmohr house
























































































leighinmohr house
boutique hotel in ballymena, northern ireland












toggle navigation 








wedding accommodation
accommodation 

single room
double room
triple room
family room
twin room


dining
weddings
live music
location
gift vouchers
galleries
 follow us













































enjoy afternoon tea

in our stunning clockhouse bistro










book room now
(non-wedding acccommodation)


		check in:
		













	
					nights:
            







this quickbook uses javascript. please enable javascript in your browser!
check availability






book wedding accommodation
fill out form



welcome














































leighinmohr house

leighinmohr house is a unique boutique hotel in ballymena co. antrim, featuring the award winning clock house restautant, the stylish avenue cocktail bar, 21 designer bedrooms, a beautiful ballroom which can cater for up to 300 guests, various elegantly styled smaller function rooms, and a picturesque riverside garden which is the perfect backdrop for family photographs for leighimmohr house’s many wedding receptions. 
 




leighinmohr_house_hotel













there's always time for afternoon tea!
freshly mad






enjoy a sumptuous 3 course meal from our a la cart






we're so pleased to announce that we've been award






save the date ➡sunday 23rd february!
join us and






we never let a little rain dampen your sparkle✨.
 





another beautiful crafted bramble.....just waiting



 






 









    stay up to date with us
  

    get our updated offers, discounts, events and much more! 
  




join 



leave this field empty if you're human: 

get in touch



leighinmohr house hotel 
leighinmohr avenue 
ballymena 
co. antrim 
bt42 2an




028 2565 2313





info@leighinmohrhotel.com















modal-check


wedding accommodation




dismiss ad
dismiss ad


this will close in  20 seconds










this website uses cookies to improve your experience. by continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of cookies.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


necessary

always enabled 


necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






                                non-necessary                            


non-necessary
 


any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.




































