

seneca high school




 


quick linksskip to main contentskip to navigation

 
search for:seneca high school
current conditions as of 17 feb 15:15 pm cstovercastlocation:senecafeels like:-8°humidity:55wind:w 18 mph10°washington's birthdaymostly cloudy, with a high near 11. wind chill values as low as -7. west northwest wind 10 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. tonightmostly cloudy, then gradually becoming mostly clear, with a low around -3. wind chill values as low as -19. north northwest wind around 10 mph, with gusts as high as 15 mph. tuesdaymostly sunny, with a high near 11. wind chill values as low as -18. north northwest wind around 10 mph. weather forecast provided by weather.gov.

search
seneca high school logo
main navigationtoggle navigationcurrent conditions as of 17 feb 15:15 pm cstovercastlocation:senecafeels like:-8°humidity:55wind:w 18 mph10°washington's birthdaymostly cloudy, with a high near 11. wind chill values as low as -7. west northwest wind 10 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. tonightmostly cloudy, then gradually becoming mostly clear, with a low around -3. wind chill values as low as -19. north northwest wind around 10 mph, with gusts as high as 15 mph. tuesdaymostly sunny, with a high near 11. wind chill values as low as -18. north northwest wind around 10 mph. weather forecast provided by weather.gov.

search
homealumni
announcements
 districtdistrict go to district...district - administrationdropdown toggledistrict - board of educationdistrict - go to board of education...district - board of education - boe agendadistrict - board of education - boe membersdistrict - board of education - boe minutesdistrict - board of education - boe policy manualdistrict - board of education - boe scheduledistrict - board of education - boe trainingdropdown toggledistrict - district financedistrict - go to district finance...district - district finance - asa / afrdistrict - district finance - budgetsdistrict - district finance - contractsdistrict - general informationdistrict - job openingsdistrict - newsletterdistrict - required postingsdistrict - student data privacydistrict - title ix
 extra-curricularsextra-curriculars go to extra-curriculars...extra-curriculars - athletics sitedropdown toggleextra-curriculars - clubs and teamsextra-curriculars - go to clubs and teams...extra-curriculars - clubs and teams - art clubextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - auto clubextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - band/chorusextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - bass fishing clubextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - conservation clubextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - drama clubextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - math teamextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - roboticsextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - scholastic bowlextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - shamrock shopextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - spanish clubextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - speech teamextra-curriculars - clubs and teams - yearbookdropdown toggleextra-curriculars - organizationsextra-curriculars - go to organizations...extra-curriculars - organizations - acesextra-curriculars - organizations - fcclaextra-curriculars - organizations - ffaextra-curriculars - organizations - gsaextra-curriculars - organizations - hosaextra-curriculars - organizations - nhsextra-curriculars - organizations - student councilextra-curriculars - organizations - trustdropdown toggleextra-curriculars - our athleticsextra-curriculars - go to our athletics...extra-curriculars - our athletics - baseballextra-curriculars - our athletics - boys basketballextra-curriculars - our athletics - cheerleadingextra-curriculars - our athletics - cross countryextra-curriculars - our athletics - dance teamextra-curriculars - our athletics - footballextra-curriculars - our athletics - girls basketballextra-curriculars - our athletics - golfextra-curriculars - our athletics - softballextra-curriculars - our athletics - special olympicsextra-curriculars - our athletics - trackextra-curriculars - our athletics - volleyballextra-curriculars - our athletics - wrestling
foundation
 high schoolhigh school go to high school...high school - administrationhigh school - contactsdropdown togglehigh school - departmentshigh school - go to departments...high school - departments - aghigh school - departments - arthigh school - departments - autohigh school - departments - businesshigh school - departments - englishhigh school - departments - family and consumer sciencehigh school - departments - foreign languagehigh school - departments - industrial technologyhigh school - departments - mathhigh school - departments - musichigh school - departments - phys ed / driver's ed / healthhigh school - departments - s.t.a.r.t.high school - departments - sciencehigh school - departments - social sciencehigh school - departments - special educationhigh school - departments - technologyhigh school - gymnasium updateshigh school - staff
 parent/studentparent/student go to parent/student...parent/student - bell schedulesparent/student - breakfast and lunch programparent/student - calendarparent/student - fitness center informationparent/student - grading scaleparent/student - internet safetyparent/student - media centerparent/student - reportingparent/student - school newsparent/student - student handbookparent/student - student health/immunizationsparent/student - student of the month
 student servicesstudent services go to student services...student services - guidancedropdown togglestudent services - student and family resourcesstudent services - go to student and family resources...student services - student and family resources - community resourcesstudent services - student and family resources - irish care closetstudent services - student and family resources - virtual calming room
 the seneca waythe seneca way go to the seneca way...the seneca way - district 160 boe goalsthe seneca way - district missionthe seneca way - core valuesthe seneca way - professional developmentthe seneca way - rise - student incentive program sectionthe seneca way - visionthe seneca way - instructional modelthe seneca way - curriculum modelthe seneca way - assessment modelthe seneca way - seneca history
 e-learninge-learning go to e-learning...e-learning - senior lettere-learning - all student lettere-learning - e-learning plane-learning - e-learning calendare-learning - e-learning organizere-learning - teacher office hourse-learning - breakfast & lunch during e-learninge-learning - zoom meeting protocolsdropdown togglee-learning - shs contact databasee-learning - go to shs contact database...e-learning - shs contact database - administratione-learning - shs contact database - teacherse-learning - free internet service
 


irish livelunchonline paymentspowerschoolsnap athleticsirish portal



 
news tabhighlights tabbanners tabtab dropdown toggleseneca ffa food for allthe seneca high school ffa will be hosting their annual "food for all" community service project again this year. for this event, community members order a meal and they choose if they want to pay for it or not. therefore, those facing financial hardships can get a free meal. for those who are able to pay - all proceeds will be donated to local food pantries.
all orders must be placed by friday, february 14th using this link: https://forms.gle/bmckgda2rhshtgbv5
pick up will be from 4:30pm-6:30pm on thursday, february 20th, 2025 outside the seneca high school ag shop.
the meal will include: two pork chops, baked beans, applesauce, and a cookie. suggested donation = $10.00 per meal
thank you for supporting our community!
read morefree cardiac screening
read morehoby participants 2025dane ferrara, tori skelton, alexander gagnon,and grace smith, seneca high school sophomores, have been selected to represent seneca township high school at the 2025 hoby leadership seminar.
 
the leadership seminar is designed for high school sophomores to recognize their leadership talents and apply them in becoming effective, ethical leaders in their home, schools, work-place and community.
the students will participate in hands-on leadership activities and meet state leaders in such areas as business, government, education, media and the non-profit sector.
each september, every accredited public, private and charter high school in the country is invited to select and register outstanding sophomores as representatives to their local state seminar.  currently, nearly 9,000 sophomores, representing as many high schools nationwide, attend hoby leadership seminars annually. dane ferrara is the son of doug and tifanie ferrara of mazon, and tori skelton is the daughter of chad and danielle skelton of verona.  alexander gagnon is the son of sarah and jacob dogson of seneca and grace smith is the daughter of david smith of somonauk and lurelda maier-lorntz of seneca.
all seneca high school sophomore students were invited to pick up applications and submit essays for the opportunity to attend this seminar.  congratulations to dane ferrara, tori skelton, alexander gagnon, and grace smith on their accomplishment. 
 
pictured left to right:  dane ferrara, alexander gagnon, grace smith, and tori skelton
 

 
read moreamerican legion illinois premier boys state completes it's 87th sessionamerican legion illinois premier boys state completes it’s 87th session. 
 
the american legion illinois premier boys state program completed its 87th session in charleston, illinois which was held june 8 through june 14 at eastern illinois university.  benjamin biros of mazon was one of seneca high school’s students who attended illinois premier boys state and was elected state treasurer.  ben will also be receiving a scholarship.
 
the american legion premier boys state program has been teaching americanism and citizenship processes to rising seniors since 1935. it gives these young men the opportunity to form their government leadership from the city, county, and state levels. in order to accomplish this, these citizens of premier boys state must campaign, give speeches, and articulate why they are the best candidate for their respective position. premier boys state gives out approximately $20,000 in scholarship awards every session through essays, interviews, orations, and application processes.
 
 
read morethe second fafsa completion workshop - wednesday, january15th @ 7:00 p.m.need help with completing financial aid forms?
 please join us for our fafsa completion night!


the second fafsa completion workshop will be held wednesday, january 15th @ 7:00p.m.
location:            
seneca high school - in the commons
rsvp here! fafsa rsvp for january 15th




date:        
 
wednesday, january 15th @ 7:00 p.m. 


  
 
on january 15th seneca high school will be hosting the second fafsa completion workshop and will have financial aid representatives from ivcc and jjc.  they will be here to help you fill out your fafsa (free application for federal student aid).  this is a form you need to fill out to get any financial aid from the federal government to help pay for college. each year, over 13 million students who file the fafsa get more than $120 billion in grants, work-study, and low-interest loans from the u.s. department of education.  lots of states and colleges also use the fafsa to determine which students get financial aid—and how much they’ll get.  many colleges use it for scholarship purposes as well.

 
please rsvp if you plan to attend. we have a limited number of spots available.  

 
 
please bring your student and their computer.
 
families must bring the following items:
q 2023 tax information (parents’ and students 1040a and/or 1040ez federal tax return and w-2 forms)
q student’s and parents (and stepparents) drivers license and social security card
q records of untaxed income (welfare, social security, tanf, veterans’ non educational benefits, etc.)
q current bank statements
q current mortgage information for any properties other than the family’s principal residence
q records of business, farm (if not family’s principal place of residence) and assets (stocks, bonds, and other investments)
q a calculator                                    
q create your federal student aid id.  go to studentaid.ed.gov.  follow the directions online to create your account.   it is very important that the parent and student get the fsa id.
read more2024 - 2025 dar good citizen award student honored  
clara bruno was recently honored with the daughters of the american revolution (dar) good citizen award for seneca high school. she is the daughter of tamara and matthew bruno of marseilles, il.

the daughters of the american revolution good citizen award honors an outstanding senior who exhibits the qualities of dependability, leadership, service, and patriotism. the selection was voted on by the faculty and staff.
clara is involved in many clubs, sports, and activities at seneca high school.  she is on the track and field team where she has won rookie of the year award and the coaches award; and the basketball team where she won the most improved award.  she is involved in some of our clubs at school including fellow christian athletes and spanish club.  she was asked to take part in the superintendent advisory committee for multiple years.  while in high school, clara has really immersed herself in our band program.  she has been in jazz band, concert band, pit orchestra for musicals, and choir.  on top of all of this, she also volunteers at her church and nursing homes.  
being the recipient of the dar good citizen award, clara will complete an essay that will have the opportunity to advance through state and national levels of judging. the dar good citizens program and scholarship contest is sponsored by the illini chapter of the daughters of the american revolution.
read more2025-2026 seneca high school illinois state scholars announcedseneca high school announces illinois state scholars
 
illinois state scholars 2025-2026
seneca high school is proud to announce 10 illinois state scholars for the 2025-2026 school year. this year’s recipients are:
 
criteria for this prestigious award is as follows:
                the illinois student assistance commission (isac) obtains academic data from the high school for students at the end of their sixth semester electronically.  
                the state scholar formula calculation uses a combination of the test scores, unweighted gpa, rank, and class size.  these students are selected based on sat test score and class rank.
 
the board of education, administration, and staff of seneca high school are very proud of these students and congratulate them on receiving this award of distinction!
 
 
read moreirish power strength & conditioning january 2025 editionclick the link below to view the strength & conditioning newsletter for the january 2025 edition
 
strength & conditioning january 2025
 
read more01234567previous featurenext feature
tab dropdown toggletab dropdown toggle     


video of the week tabpoll tabquicklinks tabfacebook tabtab dropdown toggletab dropdown toggletab dropdown togglehudl sports videosjob openingsactivities & athleticsalumni centralfacebooktwitterbuy a yearbookcontact school boardlunch informationmailmedia centeronline paymentspowerschool student/parentpowerschool teachers
tab dropdown toggle


view monthcalendar week of february 16 - february 22, 2025sun16 mon17all day: president's day - no schoolall day:            no school presidents day10:00am to  12:00pm: -12:00 - gbb practice 3:00pm to   5:00pm: wrestling practice 3-5pm tue18all day: b dayall day: orange chicken 8:00am to  11:30am: picture day for clubs and activities > old gym 3:00pm to   5:00pm: wrestling practice 3-5pm 3:00pm to   5:00pm: -5:00 - gbb practice 5:00pm to   8:00pm: musical rehearsal 5:30pm to  11:59pm: time tbd- basketball-s boys @ morris high school (game) > away - morris high school 6:00pm to   7:30pm: basketball practice-stecken & derber > vintage gym 7:00pm to  11:59pm: time tbd- basketball-v boys @ morris high school (game) > away - morris high school wed19all day: a day - 2pm dismissalall day: mini corndogs 3:00pm to   5:00pm: wrestling practice 3-5pm 3:00pm to   5:00pm: -5:00 - gbb practice 6:00pm to   8:00pm: district 160 board of education mtg. > board room 7:00pm to   8:00pm: winter concert thu20all day: b dayall day: time tbd- wrestling-v boys @ state finals (game) > away - state finalsall day: sausage gravy 3:00pm to   4:30pm: scholastic bowl practice 3:00pm to   5:00pm: -5:00 - gbb practice 3:00pm to   5:30pm: girls wrestling practice 5:00pm to   7:00pm: food for all > shs ag department fri21all day: a dayall day: popcorn chicken 3:00pm to   4:15pm: practice all levels 3:00pm to   5:30pm: girls wrestling practice 5:30pm to  11:59pm: time tbd- basketball-s boys @ marquette (game) > away - marquette 6:00pm to  10:00pm: seneca ffa lock-in > shs gym/commons/auditorium 7:00pm to  11:59pm: time tbd- basketball-v boys @ marquette (game) > away - marquette sat22 8:00am to  12:30pm: regional math contest > morris community high school district 101, il, usa10:00am to  12:00pm: girls wrestling practice10:00am to   2:00pm: rehearsal seneca high school307 east scott streetseneca, il  61360ph: 815-357-5000fax: 815-357-5050
sign up for our newsletter

© 2025 seneca high schoolaccessibilityprivacy pledgethis institution is an equal opportunity provider.







