



james long company - solutions for psychophysiological research





james long company
software and hardware solutions
for psychophysiological research





    james mcmartin long also serves as vice-chair
      on the board of protect the adirondacks.
nb: 
    new york state's adirondack park faces many threats and challenges.
    you can help protect the park by becoming a member of the most
    stalwart grassroots membership organization defending the 
    park and the forest preserve:
    protect the adirondacks.
    your support is greatly appreciated.

  james mcmartin long also volunteers with the town of caroga.
    see townofcaroga.com for
    more information.
    
james mcmartin long also volunteers for the caroga arts collective,
    designing and printing concert programs. 
    an archive of past cac concert program information is available
    here.

  
nb: 
    we ship to new customers in the united states and canada only.
    

nb: 
    extensive online resources and training for existing clients.
    telephone or email for details.
    
general information about james long company

our experience
before ordering
ordering information
consulting
partial client list


stimulation and cognitive challenges

stim auditory/visual stimulus presentation and laboratory
control system
cognitive activation system
pendulum smooth pursuit eye movement system
star search cognitive challenge
pneumatic stimulator
vertical sync pulse processor
audio tone detector


acquisition

isolated bioamplifiers
electro-cap international electrode system


observation of behavior

video coding system
video coding system options and accessories


complete physiology analysis
systems

eeg analysis system and erp analysis system
eeg and erp analysis systems
ibi analysis system
phy general physiology analysis system
orientation response analysis system
emg potentiated startle response analysis system



general information
our experience

 james long company has been developing
        hardware and software products for the psychophysiological
        research community since 1979.
 james long company consults in psychophysiology and 
        brain electrophysiology.
 background
    
 custom real-time data acquisition and control systems.
 custom signal processing applications.
 custom embedded system applications.
 uv through near ir spectrophotometer and clinical blood
          serum analyzer design.
 real-time operating system design.
 over 42 years experience with intel microprocessor family
          starting with the 8008.



before ordering

 please telephone us so that we may discuss your needs and
    goals and so that we may assist you in choosing among comparable methods.

  
ordering information

 we accept written purchase orders from hospitals, universities
    and government agencies in the us (terms are net 30 days) for
    all capital purchases.
 for clients outside the united states, pre-pay by wire or
    check in us dollars drawn on a us bank, add 5%, and add shipping/handling
    charge; contact us for details.
 return policy: all sales are final.

consulting

 we provide consulting services on an hourly basis (plus
    travel) and on a fixed-price basis.
 we design and produce custom hardware and software tailored
    to your research needs.
 we assist in experimental design, methods, analysis, and
    writing of papers.

partial client list

 roger bakeman, ph.d., georgia state university, atlanta
 martha ann bell, ph.d., virginia tech
 joseph j. campos, ph.d., university of california, berkeley 
 linda a. camras, ph.d., depaul university, chicago 
 jeffrey f. cohn, ph.d., university of pittsburgh, pittsburgh 
 pamela m. cole, ph.d., pennsylvania state university, university park 
 susan c. crockenberg, ph.d., university of vermont, burlington 
 richard j. davidson, ph.d., university of wisconsin, madison 
 lisa m. diamond, ph.d., university of utah, salt lake city 
 janet a. dipietro, ph.d., johns hopkins university, baltimore 
 kenneth a. dodge, ph.d., duke university, durham 
 nancy eisenberg, ph.d., arizona state university, tempe 
 mona mounir el-sheikh, ph.d., auburn university, auburn 
 tiffany m. field, ph.d., university of miami, fort lauderdale 
 nathan a. fox, ph.d., university of maryland, college park 
 barbara l. fredrickson, ph.d., university of michigan, ann arbor 
 john m. gottman, ph.d., university of washington, seattle 
 gabriele gratton, m.d., ph.d., university of illinois, urbana-champaign 
 sydney l. hans, ph.d., university of chicago hospital, chicago 
 lynne c. huffman, m.d., stanford university, palo alto
 jerome kagan, ph.d., harvard university, cambridge 
 scott makeig, ph.d., salk institute, la jolla 
 gregory a. miller, ph.d., university of illinois, urbana-champaign 
 adrian raine, ph.d., university of southern california, los angeles 
 c. cybele raver, ph.d., cornell university, ithaca, ny 
 susan a. rose, ph.d., albert einstein college of medicine, bronx
 holly a. ruff, ph.d., albert einstein college of medicine, bronx
 harold a. sackeim, ph.d., new york state psychiatric institute, new york 
 louis a. schmidt, ph.d., mcmaster university, hamilton, ontario 
 matthew l. speltz, ph.d., children's hospital and medical center, seattle 
 david spiegel, m.d., stanford university school of medicine, stanford 
 steven k. sutton, ph.d., university of miami, coral gables 
 andrew j. tomarken, ph.d., vanderbilt university, nashville 
 sandra r. waxman, ph.d., northwestern university, evanston 

stimulation and cognitive challenges
stim auditory/visual stimulus presentation and laboratory
control system

 conforms to your required timing

 competing products simply report how close they came to
            your required timing but don't guarantee conformity
            with your required timing. 
            in the recent nimh funded opt-tms study, the stim
            system demonstrated 10 microsecond timing accuracy and 
            precision.


 presents user defined auditory stimuli

      
 select rise and decay time, curve, starting and ending sound
        pressure level
 select frequency, duration, and sound pressure level


 presents user defined graphic image and character
        graphic stimuli

      
 optional operator monitoring of stim during visual stimulus
        presentation requires a second pc


 controls external laboratory equipment

      
 control pneumactic stimulators, electrical stimulators,
          strobes, shutters, and other devices
          (interface circuits are required)


 transmits event signals to external data acquisition
    hardware

      
 precisely control event mark timing
 log subject responses, reaction times, and other data to
        a file for analysis software


 allows complex trial definition scripts

      
 implement virtually any deterministic (does not depend on
    subject response) and many nondeterministic (those based on prior
    subject response) experimental protocols
 specify timings as latencies from trial onset or as delays
    from previous actions
 specify any number of actions within a trial
 specify operator interruptible or non-interruptible portions
    of trials
 specify actions that occur prior to time zero (negative
    latencies)
 define the inter-trial interval timing as trial offset to
    trial onset, onset to onset (stimulus onset asynchrony), or from any
    latency to next onset


 allows any number of trial orders, each with different
    inter-trial intervals between trials
 allows remote monitoring and control of stim from
    another computer or terminal
 requires pc

    
 stim user controllable stimulus software



 optional hardware for audio stimuli

   
 audio option 1: low cost 12-bit audio
 audio option 2: 16-bit very high fidelity (distortion and
      dynamic range equal to compact disk) stimulation and acquisition
      (e.g. for acquiring spoken words)
 interface and attenuator headphones/earphones
 telephonics high-impedance headphones custom made for james
    long company
 aearo eartone 3a insertable earphones


 other options

 vitc video vertical interval time code generator
 parallel printer adapter for laboratory control signals

        

 laboratory interface box to synchronize physiology data acquisition
    and to record event marks, has 2 outputs and 1 input, requires parallel
    printer port
 one additional input or output bnc port for laboratory interface
    box. maximum: 6 more outputs and 4 more inputs.
 subject push-button box (electronics box and remote button
    box)
 telescopic photometer and amplifier for ultra-precise synchronization
    of visual stimulation with physiology. range of 4 m. great for verp
    work.

                  audio tone detector
      with peak reading meter for synchronization
      with audio stimuli

                  pneumatic stimulator

                  vertical sync pulse processor
 vga/svga remote kit for remotely locating a second monitor/keyboard
      25 feet away (other distances available)
 stim annual support plan: applications consulting and software
    upgrades 
 additional stim reference guide



cognitive activation system

 provides a cognitive challenge designed to differentially
    activate the left versus right hemisphere in the absence of task
    variable differences between the shapes and words tasks which previous
    research has shown to seriously confound studies of hemispheric
    differences

  

 presents experimenter created word and shape stimuli
    in a recognition paradigm

    
 the word task typically requires subject detection of
        synonyms
 the shape task typically requires subject detection of identical
    stochastic shapes.


 experimenter selects protocol

 a study item followed by a test item
 a study item followed by a pair of test items
 a pair of test items only (no study item)


 experimenter selects control to vary task difficulty
    to maintain a constant level of subject accuracy

      
 varies set size
 varies study item presentation time
 varies test item recognition time limit
 vary delay in presentation of test item
 constant task difficulty


 records

 subject response
 reaction time
 accuracy
 set size


 outputs triggers for continuous eeg and visual evoked
    potential protocols 
 complements eeg analysis system and erp analysis system
    companion products

      
 epoch either continuous eeg or erp data. (see
    eeg analysis system and erp analysis
      system).


 requires

 pc
 cap software
 jlc laboratory interface for stim
 jlc button conditioning box



pendulum smooth pursuit eye movement system

 presents the video analog of a moving pendulum for
    eog studies of schizophrenia
 experimenter selects

 symbol from a set of one hundred twenty symbols
 symbol replacement frequency
 symbol order
 trial duration
 subject to screen distance or screen visual angle
 visual angular velocity or pendulum period or pendulum frequency
 pendulum radius or arc
 pendulum motion

          
 constant velocity
 simple pendulum
 sinusoidal horizontal component




 tests subject's visual tracking of the movement of
    pendulum
 outputs the horizontal component of the pendulum movement
    as an analog voltage to drive a data acquisition device
 requires

 pc and monitor
 pendulum software

 optional hardware to output the horizontal component
    of the pendulum movement as an analog voltage to drive a
    data acquisition device

    
 12 bit d/a



star search cognitive challenge

 provides a cognitive challenge suitable for young
    children.

      
 displays an engaging scene of "stars" prior to experiment
    onset.
 provides forced choice recognition task.
 subject detects a randomly placed target (red letter "x")
      in a random field of distracters (red letter "o"s, green letter
      "x"s, and green letter "o"s).
 task contains trials of varying number of distracters (5,
        15, and 25 distracters for increasing task difficulty).
 provides three conditions

 possible red "x" among distracters (half red "o"s
    and half green "x"s) with at least one distracter in each
    of the four quadrants.
 possible red "x", with one red "o" in each
    of the three remaining quadrants and the remaining distracters all
    green "x"s randomly distributed.
 possible red "x" with one green "o" in each
    of the four quadrants and the remaining distracters all green "o"s
    randomly distributed.




 provides auditory feedback for incorrect subject
    responses.
 records reaction time, subject response, experimental
    condition, and trial number for later analysis.
 requires

 pc and monitor
 star search software


 works with optional hardware

 external push buttons (requires a game board or game
        port)






pneumatic stimulator

 presents air puff somatosensory stimuli
 presents moving diaphram somatosensory stimuli
 presents air puff olfactory stimuli

      
 select among a set of different smells


 enables control of stimulus parameters

      
 select stimulus repetition rate
 select stimulus pulse duration
 select stimulus pressure
 select among a set of different smells


 enables remote control from
    stim auditory/visual stimulus and control
      system

 remotely control stimulus repetition rate
 remotely control stimulus pulse duration      
 present any arbitrary pulse train


 pneumatic stimulator







vertical sync pulse processor

 synchronizes
    visual stimulus presentation with the onset of vertical refresh on a
    computer monitor for precise erps
 compatible with all graphics cards
 requires monitor with 5 bnc inputs
 solves the problem when
    6 ms to 16 ms uncertainty in vertical
    refresh onset is too large for required erp work or required reaction
    time measurements
 includes vesa to 5-bnc video cable
 extends the
    duration of the vertical refresh pulse out to 2 ms
 makes available  vertical refresh to
    stim auditory/visual stimulus and control
    system
 makes available  vertical refresh to
        any laboratory systems that require access to vertical sync
 vertical sync pulse processor




audio tone detector

 synchronizes
    audio stimulus with
    physiology acquisition

      
 audio signal can trigger start of physiology acquisition
 audio signal can provide event marks


 works with tones, clap-boards, etc.
 adjusts easily to
    desired sound level using
    with peak reading meter
 compatible with all audio sources.
 provides triggers to
    stim auditory/visual stimulus and control
system
 provides triggers to a
    vitc vertical interval time code generator for synchronizing
    field-recorded video
 audio tone detector

acquisition
isolated bioamplifiers

 custom designed: built to your specification, for
    research in eeg, emg, ecg, eog, scl, scr, fp, ep, respiration, temperature,
    oximetry, and somatic activity. electro-cap electrode caps may be
    purchased with your bioamp.
 conformity: meets aami/ansi standard es-1, 2.1.
 tolerance: handles high electrode impedances because
    of high common-mode rejection, optical isolation, and high input impedance.
    leds indicate which channel has excessive impedance.
 expandability: expandable from 8 channels to over
    512 channels.
 portability: briefcase-sized bioamp weighs only 4
    to 28 pounds; has recirculating/rechargable battery power.
 ultra energy efficiency: uses 1.2 w for a 32 channel
    system; this is the power consumed by a two d-cell flashlight!
 truly isolated: 4 kv peak optical and magnetic isolation
    barriers using state-of-the-art technology.
 high impedance: greater than 1 gigaohms;
    (ect protected inputs are available).
 low noise: the typical noise levels, referred to input,
    are approx. 0.2 µvrms at 100 hz bandwidth
    and approx. 1.6 µvrms at 10 khz bandwidth.
 negligible crosstalk between channels: separation
    is better than 10000:1 (greater than 80 db), worst case, at full
    output.
 high common-mode rejection: typical cmrr at 50 hz
    or 60 hz is greater than 112 db. this reduces the requirement for
    special screen-rooms and other low-emi environments and signal-damaging
    50 hz or 60 hz notch filters.
 customer selected gains: select gains from 100 to
    200,000. a quad-gain option is available.
 customer selected bandwidths: select high-pass down
    to 0.01 hz and low-pass up to 10 khz. a quad low-pass and quad high-pass
    option is available. butterworth 2-pole filter response is standard;
    other types and 4-poles are optional.
 dc option: dc response is available with one of three
    methods of baseline recovery: a local reset, a remote reset, and a
    periodic reset with local control of the interval period. unlike amplifiers
    from other vendors, dc response does not increase noise!
 rapid recovery: special circuitry in each channel
    automatically reduces "lead-off" recovery time to just a few
    seconds when the high-pass filter is 0.01 hz and even faster when
    higher high-pass filter frequencies are selected.
 qrs (ecg) blanking: an option is available to eliminate
    contamination of emg.
 self-monitoring: led monitors on each channel provide
    a continuous display of the integrity of each electrode connection.
    impedance measurements are optional with the bioamps; if the led warning
    is off then accurate data are being acquired.
 remote monitoring: a ttl trouble-flag, available through
    the output cable, indicates that a failure has occurred. monitors
    all electrodes, internal power circuits, and the battery.
 internal calibration source: precision calibration
    signals facilitate accuracy and performance tests; sine, square, and
    pulse waveforms are available.
 high reliability and serviceability: we use gold contacts
    in all ic sockets and at all critical connections for stability and
    reliability; all ics are in sockets for serviceability.
 remotely controllable: optional remote gain, bandpass,
    and calibration signal control.
 ruggedized version: optional corrosion and humidity
    resistant version available for harsh tropical field use.

electro-cap international electrode system

 available only to bioamp purchasers.
 available with any number of electrodes.

observation of behavior
video coding system

 assists in accurate behavior coding of video
        recordings

      
 eliminates manual entry, transcription, or editing
            of time data: simply type your phenomenon codes and
            the codes are automatically combined with time codes
            as read from the video player
 speeds coding with single keystroke macros you define
            for your coding scheme
 allows complete freedom in design or selection of
            behavioral coding scheme 
 works with either superficial coding or fine-grained
            "micro-coding"
 works the way you work

 code in single or multiple passes
 code forwards or backwards, at any speed from freeze-frame
                through 2x speed
 "play" through the coding at a later date to check
            reliability. or, for enhanced reliability, have two coders make
                separate code files for later reliability analysis


 scrolls display of observational coding or 
            physiological data synchronized with the video playback
 checks all phenomenon codes you enter against
        your dictionary and prohibits phenomenon codes not in your
        dictionary
 displays definitions beside the phenomenon codes
        to help train your coders


 transforms data
    
 merge two or more code files into one code file for
        reliability analysis or when two coders are assigned to code separate
        types of phenomena, e.g., facial and vocalization coding 
 translate one coding scheme to another using a
        dictionary
 translate from facs [ekman, p. & friesen, w. v. (1977).
        facial action coding system: investigator's guide. palo alto,
        ca: consulting psychologists press, inc.] syntax to individual action
        unit coding (and back)
 collapse configurations (e.g,. facs) into simpler
    codes
 collapse multiple phenomena into a single
        phenomenon
 translate times from video time to any format, e.g.,
        minutes and seconds to seconds
 exports to spss, sas, and
        bakeman&quera's sdis [bakeman, r. & quera, v. (1995). analyzing
        interaction: sequential analysis with sdis and gseq, ny, ny: cambridge
        university press.]

 analyzes data
    
 determine ending times for events (create epoch
codes)
 obtain statistics, e.g., counts, mean, standard deviation,
    and percent duration
 rank configurations (e.g., facs) in order of frequency
    of occurence
 resample on an equal time interval basis
 assign weights to each phenomenon and transform the
    data into a format suitable for bivariate time-series analysis,
    e.g., using the gottman/williams programs [gottman, j. m. (1981).
    time-series analysis: a comprehensive introduction for social
    scientists. ny, ny: cambridge university press.]
 assess coder reliability with confusion matrix and
    weighted&windowed cohen's kappa [bakeman, r. & gottman, j. m. (1986).
    observing interaction: an introduction to sequential analysis.
    ny, ny: cambridge university press.]

 complements eeg, ibi, and other analysis system
      products
    
 use the code files you create with the video coding
        system to select epochs to be analyzed by the eeg analysis
        system.
 view physiology from other systems 
        synchronized with video recordings

 requires a pc, dvd, and a tv

    
 video coding system software
 vitc reader/generator
 laboratory interface box to synchronize physiology data acquisition
        and to record event marks
 annual support plan: applications consulting and maintenance
        upgrades


video coding system options and accessories

 vertical interval time code (vitc) generators
    place a computer readable time code on each frame prior to recording.
    the time code is placed above the video image and is not visible.
    vitc readers read the time code off each frame during playback and
    send it to the computer. a user selected number is also placed on
    each frame for identifying a video recording. 
 any video camera may be used with these vitc 
    generators.
 two camera protocols require some camera synchronization
    solution:

    
 use two vitc generators to record two separate but 
        synchronized video signals.
 use a split-screen generator and a single dvd recorder; 
        images are synchronized, but each image occupies only half the
        screen.


 related items

 video coding system software
 audio tone detector with peak reading meter for synchronization
      of two video recordings recorded without vitc. also synchronizes prerecorded
      video or audio stimuli with video of observed behavior.



complete physiology analysis systems
eeg analysis system and erp analysis system

 acquire continuous eeg and erp data

    
 eliminate expensive anti-aliasing filters with high-speed
        acquisition
 display data being acquired in real-time

        
 display any combination of electrodes during
            acquisition




 score/remove artifact

 automatically regress out eye blink
        artifact
 automatically detect eye movement and muscle tension
          artifact
 manually score artifact using a mouse


 epoch any way you want, using

    
 stimuli
 any electrical event
 overlapping epochs
 subject behavior or other observational
        coding


 transform the data

    
 re-reference to any new reference
        voltage

        
 average electrode
 current source density (laplacian second spacial
              derivative)
 average ear


 convolve the data with a digital band-pass
            filter

        
 filter evoked potential data
 filter prior to compressing data for archiving


 resample the data

        
 compress data for archiving
 synchronize data with a second timebase




 analyze evoked potential data

    
 calculate average and one standard deviation
            waveforms
 calculate average of averages and difference
            waveforms
 calculate cross-lag (pearson r) waveforms and
                find lag to maximum r
 display average and standard deviation
            waveforms

        
 display superimposed or offset
 display in any color and scale
 point to features using a mouse to automatically record
            peaks and latencies


 detect peaks automatically within windows via a polynomial
            fit
 export waveforms in ascii to your favorite graphics
            package

 analyze continuous eeg data
    
 spectrally analyze selected epochs
 obtain spectral coherence (cross-spectral) analysis
    between channel pairs
 obtain weighted coherence using new methods developed
    by james long company for assessment of shared power and unshared
    power [fox, n. a., rubin, k. h., calkins, s. d., marshall, t. r.,
    coplan, r. j., porges, s. w., long, j. m., & stewart, s. (1995). frontal activation
    asymmetry and social competence at four years of age. child development,
    66, 1770-1784.]
 obtain mean power and coherence across selected
        epochs


 complements video coding system companion
      product

    
 use the code files you create with the video coding
    system to select eeg epochs to be analyzed by the eeg analysis system.
    the video coding system assists you in accurate observational
    coding.



eeg and erp analysis systems

 eeg: eeg analysis system software (for continuous eeg only).
 erp: erp analysis system software (for evoked potentials only).
 eeg+erp: eeg and erp analysis system software (both continuous eeg
    and evoked potential capability).
 erp option: evoked potential option for eeg analysis system
      software.
 eeg option: continuous eeg option for erp analysis system
      software.
 coherence: spectral coherence analysis option for eeg analysis    system
      software.
 eeg+erp: eeg+erp annual support plan: applications consulting
      and maintenance upgrades
 stream: core software package for data acquisition plus continuous
      acquisition option (80 channels) with real-time display of data being
      acquired.
 32 channel data acquisition
 64 channel data acquisition
 128 channel data acquisition
 audio tone detector: audio tone detector with peak reading meter for
    synchronization  of physiology with prerecorded audio or video
    stimuli

ibi analysis system

 acquires and digitizes ekg
 extracts r-spike times automatically from digitized
    raw ekg (ecg)

    
 scales ekg automatically with no calibration or threshold
        setting required
 rejects movement artifact
 rejects baseline shifts
 rejects high amplitude t-wave and 60 hz harmonics
        with digital autoregressive filter


 provides manual ibi editing capability

    
 display ekg and r-spike marks graphically for precise
        correction of r-spike times
 remove spurious r-spikes with a single mouse
        movement
 draw missing r-spikes precisely with a single mouse
        movement
 don't arbitrarily split an ibi (as is required by
        a leading competitor [porges, s. w. (1989). mxedit version 2.01
        instructions and users manual. bethesda, md: delta-biometrics,
        inc.]) and weaken rsa measurement


 calculates mean heart rate within selected epochs
 calculates heart rate variability (respiratory sinus
    arrhythmia or vagal tone) within selected epochs

    
 prorates ibis to an equal-time-interval
            basis
 removes trends from ibis using moving
            polynomial
 spectrally analyzes detrended and prorated ibis using
    discrete fourier transforms
 calculates variability due to rsa (vagal tone),
    baroreceptor, and theromoregulation.


 calculates respiratory sinus arrhythmia on each inspiration/expiration
    (requires bellows respiration option)

    
 avoids confounding rsa (vagal tone) with tonic
        shifts in heart rate that have spectral characteristics close to
        respiration frequencies


 complements video coding system companion
        product

    
 use the code files you create with the video coding
            system to select ibi epochs to be analyzed by the ibi analysis system.
            the video coding system assists you in accurate observational
            coding.


 complements eeg analysis system companion
        product

    
 use the same epoch files for epoching both eeg and
            ibi data. the eeg analysis system provides automatic and manual editing
            of eeg for artifact and discrete fourier transforms (dft), coherence
            analysis, and evoked potential analysis of selected epochs.


 requires a pc and data acquisition hardware

    
 ibi analysis system software
 annual support plan: applications consulting and maintenance
            upgrades


 optional compatible hardware and software

    
 single channel optically isolated bioamplifier
 streaming data acquisition software with real-time display during
      acquisition
 32 channel data acquisition
 additional ibi analysis system reference guide



phy general physiology analysis system

 transduces, acquires, digitizes, and analyzes several
    physiological measures
 requires one or two pcs and:

    
 phy software for analyzing, prorating, and second-by-second
    reporting of: heart rate, finger pulse amplitude, finger pulse transmission
    time, ear pulse amplitude, ear pulse transmission time, skin conductance
    level, skin conductance response, skin temperature, respiration period,
    respiration depth (uncalibrated), respiratory sinus arrhythmia, somatic
    activity, diastolic and systolic blood pressure, subject rating dial,
    and event mark channel. this software is highly modular, comprising
    a suite of programs to derive each of the measures and a program to
    laminate each ascii report column onto a multicolumn ascii report
    file. new measure may be added easily, including user created
    measures.
 ibi analysis system software for r-spike detection, editing,
    prorating, detrending, and rsa (vagal tone) spectral analysis (required
    for hr, fp, ep, rsa)


 optional items

    
 annual support plan: applications consulting and maintenance
    upgrades
 additional phy reference guide
 additional ibi analysis system reference guide
 bio-8, transducers and optically isolated amplifiers for:
    ecg: 1-1000 hz bandpass, 500 gain, 2 microvolts p-p noise;
    skin conductance level: 2.5 v = 25 microsiemens, 0.5 v rms excitation;
    skin conductance response: 2.0 v = 2.0 microsiemens, 0.01-10 hz bandpass;
    finger pulse: gain control and led bar graph to assist setup, photoelectric
    type;
    ear pulse: gain control and led bar graph to assist setup, photoelectric
    type;
    respiration: air bellows, gain and balance controls and led bar graph
    signal display to assist placement;
    skin temperature: -2.5 v = 15 celsius, 2.5 v = 40 celsius, settling
    time is less than 5 seconds, thermocouple probe can be taped to subject's
    skin;
    somatic activity: piezo-electric accelerometer (one-axis), gain control
    and led bar graph to assist setup.
    (see
      isolated
        bioamplifiers.)
 streaming data acquisition software
 32 channel a/d


 optional hardware for synchronization with video
    stimulus

    
 audio tone to digital (ttl) signal converter with peak reading
    meter and manual trigger switch.
 cabling between control & acquisition computers & audio tone
    converter.
 cable from player's audio output to audio tone detector


 optional hardware and software for simultaneous observation
    of behavior

    
 vitc reader/generator board
 video coding system software (see  video
    coding system)



orientation response analysis system

 acquires eda, fpv, eog, and rt
 analyzes orientation response using the algorithm
    james long company developed for dr. alvin bernstein, ph.d., suny
    downstate medical center

    
 scores startle blink in eog based on experimenter
            chosen parameters

        
 blink latency
 blink amplitude


 scores orientation response in skin conductance (eda)
            based on experimenter chosen parameters

        
 eda response latency
 eda response slope
 eda response rise time


 scores constriction in fpv using a quadratic least
    squares fit based on experimenter chosen parameters

        
 constriction latency
 constriction magnitude


 measures post-stimulus v. pre-stimulus heart
            rate
 measures pulse transit time
 measures reaction time


 requires biological preamplifiers/couplers, pc,
        data acquisition hardware and software, and stimulus source

    
 orient software
 annual support plan: applications consulting and maintenance
          upgrades
 streaming data acquisition software with real-time display      during
            acquisition
 32 channel data acquisition
 custom transducers and amplifiers for skin conductance,
          finger pulse, ear pulse, skin temperature, ecg, respiration, and somatic
        activity. (see
          isolated
        bioamplifiers.)


 optional auditory stimulus hardware and software (requires
        second pc)

    
 stim user controllable auditory (and visual) stimulus software
 stim annual support plan: applications consulting and maintenance
      upgrades 
 audio option 1: 12-bit audio
 audio option 2: 16-bit high fidelity stimulus generation and
      acquisition (e.g. for acquiring spoken words)
 headphone interface and attenuator for high impedance
      headphones
 parallel printer adapter for laboratory control signals
 laboratory interface box to synchronize physiology data acquisition
      and to record event marks (requires parallel printer adapter)



emg potentiated startle response analysis system

 acquires emg physiology
 analyzes startle response using two methods

    
 uses bandpass filter, rectify, and low-pass filter
    method for traditional analysis
 uses fourier transform spectral method for precise
    frequency band selection
 rejects trials with baseline blinks
 scores startle blink based on experimenter chosen
            parameters

        
 reports blink latency
 reports blink amplitude




 requires biological preamplifiers/couplers, pc,
    data acquisition hardware and software, and stimulus source

    
 startle analysis software
 annual support plan: applications consulting and maintenance
    upgrades
 optional physiology acquisition hardware and
    software
 single channel optically isolated bioamplifier
 32 channel data acquisition
 streaming data acquisition software with real-time display      during
    acquisition
 optional auditory stimulus hardware and software (requires
    second pc)
 stim user controllable auditory (and visual) stimulus
      software
 stim annual support plan: applications consulting and maintenance
    upgrades 
 audio option 1: low cost 12-bit audio
 audio option 2: 16-bit very high fidelity (equal to compact
    disk) 
 headphone interface and attenuator for high impedance headphones
 custom telephonics high impedance headphones
 aearo eartone 3a insertable earphones
 parallel printer adapter for laboratory control signals
 laboratory interface box to synchronize physiology data acquisition
    and to record event marks (requires parallel printer adapter)


 optional potentiated startle hardware

    
 audio tone detector with peak reading meter for synchronization
    of physiology with prerecorded audio or video stimuli




  copyright © 2022 james mcmartin long.


    january 1, 2022



