








indoor rock climbing gym | phoenix rock gym | tempe, az























































skip to content








 





seek adventure! 

life is too short not to climb! 

where friends hang out - since 1992 




















 



 





 


search for:








homegift certificateshourspriceswaiver 








locationaboutcontactyouth teamcompetitions 


search for:








homegift certificateshourspriceswaiver 








locationaboutcontactyouth teamcompetitionshomegift certificateshourspriceswaiver 








locationaboutcontactyouth teamcompetitions 













homepaul dief2024-08-07t09:10:25-07:00 
monday thru friday 3pm – 10pm      saturday & sunday 10am – 7pm
members only hours: tuesday and thursday noon -3pm
everyone must have a waiver
whether you are climbing, or just belaying, we must have a completed waiver on file.
download waiver
everyone must watch the training video
also, all children under 12 need an adult belayer to hold the rope for them. there is no charge for just belaying, and all the required equipment and training is provided.
 everyone must have a hands-on orientation from a prg staff member
there is no additional charge for the orientation. after the orientation you are free to climb elsewhere in the gym on your own.  please arrive at least 2 hours before we close if this is your first visit.  we want you to have plenty of time to climb after your orientation,and we don’t do orientations the last hour of business.
all you need is your sense of adventure!
 if you already have your own climbing gear, bring it,
 otherwise rentals are available.
climbing competitions
phoenix rock gym comps
almost each month the prg hosts a free mini competition (you must have a membership or pay for a day pass). each comp is designed differently with many different formats: flash, redpoint, dyno, upsie downsie, anything goes, and more.  easy stuff, hard stuff for all ages.  come check out the fun and learn something new to prepare you for your next sanctioned competition against your super climber heros!
birthday parties
come celebrate with us!
first the bad news – we don’t bake birthday cakes (which is really good news if you value your inards).
the good news is that prg is a great place for birthday parties. the price is $17 for kids under 12 years and $20 for folks 12 and up. if you have 10 or more, and schedule in advance, the price is $17 no matter what the age. all needed equipment (shoes, harness, etc) is included. for every 2 kids under 12 years old you will need to provide 1 adult to belay (hold the rope). there is no charge for the belayers.
although we do not have a private party room we can provide a table if you want to bring in food. there are also several pizza places within a mile of the gym that will deliver, including papa john’s, dominos and hungry howie’s.kid climbing
all ages are welcome

we get the question a lot, of course kids are welcome.  why not get them started young to love rock climbing. important: kids under 18 must have a parent’s signature on a phoenix rock gym waiver before they can climb.  also kids under the age of 12 must have an adult holding the roping when belaying.
from around the gym
contact us
we are located in aztech court on the southeast corner of university & dorsey (halfway between rural & mcclintock).
monday thru friday 3pm – 10pm
 saturday & sunday 10am – 7pm
 480.921.8322
 1353 e. university dr.  tempe, az  85281
 contact us
about prg
experience the vertical world of climbing as never before. indoors at the phoenix rock gym. explore our thirty foot high walls with over 17,000 sq. ft. of climbing surface. no experience is necessary. even if you’ve never touched a rope in your life we will teach you the skills needed to climb safely.
all you need is your sense of adventure! if you already have your own climbing gear, bring it, otherwise rentals are available.
connect with us!




 
 






phone: 480.921.8322 
address: 1353 e. university dr.
tempe, az 85281

monday thru friday 3pm - 10pm
saturday & sunday 10am - 7pm 

gear uparizona hiking shack
rei paradise valley
rei chandler
clubs & schoolsamc
 

guide services360 adventures
climb arizona
stoneman climbing
 



 
 
 





 important: kids under 18 must have a parent's signature on a phoenix rock gym waiver before they can climb. 

 phoenix rock gym | all rights reserved | maintained by tech 4 life	


facebookinstagram
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 









go to top




