













touch typing software, learn touch typing & free online typing practice





































accessibility 


c


c


c


a


a


a


















                            course login



shop
















about
products

home edition

adult edition 
junior edition 
family / homeschool 


send / dyslexia edition
vi edition
education edition

schools
college/uni
homeschool


business edition
dsa/workplace

dsa/workplace
webinar
download files


ofqual qualifications
dofe awards
typing test
rsi protector


download

home edition files
send/dyslexia files 
education files 
business files 
dsa/workplace files
rsi protector files


contact

tech support 
general enquiries


privacy

data & privacy 
terms & conditions


social

blog
latest news
sponsor a school
resources

case studies
free ebooks












learn to touch type in just 90 minutes* with our © teaching method


























                                            not sure which one's for you?
                                            click here 

all our courses are inclusive and include uk and north american options.






do you need kaz?
                                                
                                                take our free typing test 












the kaz guarantee
at kaz, your experience matters. by choosing our paid service, we guarantee a learning environment free from pop-ups, ads, and external content. you’ll also never receive unsolicited emails from us.
your privacy and security are our top priorities. our website and all courses are hosted on secure platforms, and we strictly adhere to data protection and privacy laws. we never sell or share your data. 
kaz is registered with ico.org.uk no: za112705.






serious about learning to touch type? 
join over 1,000,000 users who trust kaz to master touch typing!



the only national ofqual-regulated touch typing qualification available at level 1 & 2
powered by our unique and proven accelerated learning teaching method - incorporating brain balance and designed to ingrain muscle memory
specialised send/dyslexia edition, developed in collaboration with the dyslexia research trust
specialised vi/blind edition, developed in collaboration with the thomas pocklington trust







trusted for over 30 years by the uk & us governments, entities, major course providers, schools, businesses, and individuals worldwide. 

why choose kaz?











besa - the trade association for the uk’s world-leading education suppliers. membership is recognised as the gold standard.







in partnership with open awards, kaz has produced the only national ofqual regulated touch typing qualification. 
level 1 - 4 credits
level 2 - 6 credits






 



                        cpd / ce accreditation is only awarded to courses that have been independently assessed, showing
                        the highest standard of best practice. all kaz business courses are accredited and award cpd/ce
                        points / hours.
                    


 



                        the open university conducted a year long study into the effectiveness of kaz. the method proved
                        so effective, they wrote a ‘white paper’ and deployed kaz to all 90,000 students/year for over
                        14 years.
                    







the duke of edinburgh's award scheme is the world’s leading achievement program for young adults aged 14 to 24, offering three levels of awards: bronze, silver, and gold.

















learn to type with











accelerated learning


the most advanced teaching and learning method in use today.
proven time and again to increase learning effectiveness whilst saving time.
 a 'total system' for speeding up and enhancing both the design and learning process.
 uses 'brain balance' - engaging the major senses of sight, sound and touch
                        simultaneously, radically enhancing memory retention and recall.

accelerated learning














kaz proudly associated with: 











find our courses at: 










for your peace of mind - protecting your rights and data privacy, kaz is registered
                            /partnered with: 














our website uses cookies to enhance your online experience. for more information please see our privacy policy

accept






information


terms and conditions
privacy / data policy
become an affiliate
affiliate login



connect with us
















newsletter




































                *our tests and surveys have shown that the majority of users complete the a-z keys section in 90 minutes. however, this is not guaranteed and some individuals may take longer. kaz is structured so that the individual can work at their own pace. allow an average of 4 hours plus practise time to complete the entire course covering the rest of the keyboard.	
             

                ** estimated user numbers
            






copyright kaz type limited 2023. kaz is a registered trade mark of kaz type limited.
developed by : sternic pvt. ltd.








teachers please request a free 1:1 webinar so you can be sure you're getting the best out of your kaz subscription. free trials available for all schools and districts --- kaz works with chromebooks, macs, pcs, laptops, ipads, scorm lms and download.










