



	cwservice | electronics repair | audio equipments repair | vintage electronics



























 (818) 244-4440 
 toll free: (800) 255-5045
 as@tekmg.com























											home
										



											about us
										



											why us
										



											products we service
										



											brands we service
										



											contact us
										



											start new service ticket
										
















cwservice is now part of tekmediagroup  of  companies
vintage electronics repair consumer



we pickup & deliver from san diego to san francisco







                            cwservice is a tekmediagroup company, we are specialized in the skilled repairs of extensive range of electronics equipment. our satisfied clienteles include businesses and  individual  across the united states.
                            with a combined experince of over 100 years and have seen and repaired over 50,000 items. 
                            
burbank ca







why choose us



tekmediagroup  inc. we are specialized in the skilled repairs  of  extensive range of electronics equipment. our satisfied clienteles include businesses, government agencies, military, healthcare companies educational institutions , and individual professional across the united states.







products we service

 
we repair all home audio or video equipement regardless of year made
 
                       electronic products purchased in mid to late 1990's or even 7 to 10 years ago, you can safely assume that is not supported by the manufacturers. 


     
         this is where we step in, whether the defect is mechanical or electrical or simply from what the industry calls customer abuse, in most cases, most repairs are done in a timely manner.




    

         door or speaker covers damaged, scratched, keep in mind that some aesthetic repairs on the equipment are also possible. speakers can be reconed, fabric covers can be redone with a color of your choice. 










due to warm sound that cannot be found in cd or digital formats, reel to reel players and recorders, while past their prime, are still prevalent and appreciated by audio professionals. with a market peak during the 1970’s, open decks were utilized for their ability to produce, music, radio, vinyl and voice recordings without degradation through continued play. however, mainly due to their size, durability and overall sensibility, its mainstream popularity began to fade as digital formats and players began to saturate the market. however, at tek media group, we still repair and refurbish your prized reel decks and players. we can service all deck manufacturers to refresh its old-school charm and perfect sound. 

we service the following reel to reel players and recorders: agfa, aiwa, akai, bang & olufsen, basf (emtec), brenell, emi, ferrograph, fostex, grundig, maxell, neal, pioneer, quantegy, reflectograph, revox, sony, stellaphone, studer simon,tanberg,teac,technics,truvox,uher.

construction of any tape deck contains many mechanical and moving parts. age and use-time will undoubtedly lay claim to these parts. one common and easily visible issue revolves around the drive belt. symptoms ranging from lack of deck movement, dragging, slowed speed or track output, a simple belt replacement may handle this deck issue. another is grime accumulation on tape heads. your tape deck may fail to read, rewrite, and play your tape correctly. a simple alcohol wipe with a q-tip may solve the issue. however, if the problem is deemed more severe, your deck player will need to be dismantled and inspected.
 inside, the issues can be range from more mechanical reconditioning replacements to electrical component replacement. player mechanics such as linkages, levers, bearings, heads, tape guides, roller pinchers, rubber idlers, and jockey wheels will be looked over. while parts are available, production of these elements has stopped long ago. therefore, dependent upon need, existing components will be reconditioned or replaced with original parts or applicable parts from other trusted manufacturers. do not be concerned, all parts installed on your machine will function as the manufacturer originally intended. like mechanical parts, electrical tape deck components may lose their power output and also physically degrade. it is possible plugs, sockets, connectors have become faulty. these will be replaced with modern parts with similar power ratings to maintain consistency in the tape deck circuity.


























visual

plasma tv
projector
crt tv
crt monitor>






audio

receivers
turntables
cd players
amplifiers
cassette tape player
mixers
reel to reel
vdj’s
vintage radio








 




we also repair the latest electronic equipment

 





panasonic



sharp



sony



lg



samsung



pioneer





b&o



jvc



hitachi



mitsubishi



sanyo



toshiba





technics



anthem



integra



adcom



akg



arcam





audio research



cambridge audio



canton



boston



jbl



canton




harman/kardon



jl audio



kef



lexicon



marantz



meridian





we also repair marine and military electroncis







gps

radios
gps
marine radar
marine cameras






communication equipment

two way radios
gps
monitors
displays
high-reliability electronics
power supplies
power control
test and measurment











image gallery 




















×
heading




close




















feel free to contact us





										711 south victory blvd.
										burbank ca, 91502 


										(818) 244-4440 
                                        toll free : (800) 255-5045
                                        fax: (818) 855-8762
									

as@tekmg.com








keep in touch
































						
						2017 || tek media group
                        










 

















