






green towson alliance – neighbors with a passion for a cleaner, greener community in towson and baltimore county, maryland.


































 









skip to content




 


 




about

our calendar


our projects
get involved
green learning

tree care
gardening
green home
stormwater
loving nature


in the news

white papers
press releases
happenings


calendar
contact
menu 



search for:













about




the green towson alliance (gta) was created in 2015 by residents from neighborhoods in and around towson who wanted to work together to create a greener, healthier and more beautiful community through collaboration and activism.
green towson
as towson grows, we want to be sure that our beautiful legacy trees are preserved, plenty of new trees are planted, pedestrians and cyclists are welcomed and open spaces and parks are created for the enjoyment of all. 


supporting infrastructure must keep pace with development so that our waterways and air stay clean and stormwater can be absorbed without flooding our streets and homes.


within our member communities we work to educate neighbors about the impact of decisions they make in their own yards.  we collaborate with other like-minded organizations to promote the planting of native species, discourage the use of pesticides that harm native fauna and encourage home storm water management methods.
towson neighbors


through our work with our neighbors, whether planting saplings, freeing mature trees from invasive vines, cleaning trash out of neighborhood streams, or planning a walkable trail through towson, we have found we have a lot in common. friendship, camaraderie, and respect are also the tangible results of our efforts.
being good stewards of towson’s natural resources has also rewarded us with lasting friendships and partnerships throughout baltimore county and maryland.

collaboration
green government partners
green towson alliance has worked constructively with the baltimore county administration, county council members, and state legislators on projects that enhance neighborhood green space.
green project partners for towson
gta partners with many organizations in its annual tree plantings, pruning projects, invasive vine removal and other community greening projects. these partners include:

blue water baltimore
the chesapeake bay foundation
alliance for the chesapeake bay
the greater towson council of community associations
neighborspace
goucher college
towson university
boy scouts of america
girl scouts of central maryland
local community organizations

scout award projects


green towson alliance coordinates projects for girl scout gold or silver awards, or boy scout eagle awards. let us know if you are a scout and want to work with us on your award project.







announcement: please note that gta is in the process of fixing our website. please pardon our dust!

our calendar(click calendar to enlarge) the best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. the next best time is now.
photo credit: rob mulally on unsplash.com

 the green towson alliance puts on an annual contest celebrating native plant gardens in our community, and the people who create them!

 see past winners on the website and consider entering your own garden for the 2025 contest, when it is open for entries again in the spring.

 






copyright 2017–2025 green towson alliance. all rights reserved. 





