

































    
    amsher corporate | home
  
  















               


     about us


   history



  leadership team



  compassionate culture



  compliance / quality



  technology / data security



  locations





  solutions / services



  testimonials



  news / resources



  careers



  contact us



  state disclosures












    
 





       did we contact you? consumer support have an account with amsher?   

we can help you here


  compassionate collections®
 recovering outstanding receivables with care & consistency for more than 30 years.   

why we're different




       
  “we've had a strong partnership with amsher for over 10 years. their staff is quick to accommodate and evolve based on our changing needs—ultimately improving their results and our bottom-line."
-t-mobile
  





 
  “we have been working with amsher for many years. we are very pleased with their recoveries, service, and empathy for our patients.”
-children's hospital
  





 
  “amsher has proven to be an excellent partner! they have far surpassed our performance expectations on specialized recovery projects, and can always be trusted to treat our customers with quality service and care.”
-dish network
  











       

  get to know the inside of amsher
  

button




  

  learn about the services amsher provides
  

button




  

  see what others are saying about amsher
  

button




  

  become part of the amsher family
  

button










    list of services
   
 our expertise
our expertise encompasses the telecommunication, cable, utility, healthcare, property management, commercial and financial service markets. our broad knowledge of industry best-practices equip us to tailor full-service solutions which meet any need. decades of proven industry experience, coupled with cutting edge technology and innovative strategies, result in greater efficiencies and maximized return to our clients. 
 learn more >
list item  1



  
 our strategy
amsher’s systematic collection strategies combine both the use of conventional external scoring analytics and our own proprietary algorithm. our sophisticated statistical model leverages consumer behavioral data and specific account attributes to direct ongoing collection activity. this predictive methodology has been perfected through the years and is exclusive to amsher, giving us a definitive advantage over our competitors.
 learn more >
list item  2



  
 our people
our greatest strength lies in our people. as a family owned and operated business, we pride ourselves on the shared traditions and core values rooted in amsher’s history. we maintain a deep commitment to quality service and its relation to the sher name. a heavy focus on training and development ensures that the individual performance of each amsher team member serves to uphold the reputation we’ve built over three decades. 

 learn more >
list item  3








   licenses & affiliations 
    

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button







connecticut nmls identifier cca-922863.







      

 quick links about ussolutions / servicestestimonialsnews / resourcescareerscontact
 contact  205.322.4110  |  844.227.4627
4524 southlake parkway, suite 15, birmingham, al 35244
 
     







    © 2025 amsher. all rights reserved.
privacy policy  | 
terms of use  |
 
sms wireless policy  | 
this is an attempt to collect a debt. any information obtained will be used for that purpose. this communication is from a debt collector. 
connecticut nmls identifier cca-922863.















































































































  
  share by:








