





skilset – where your brand is our focus


























































































































skip to content













  


search for:








work with michelespeakingtrainingcoachingbrandingtoolkitblogcontact 











loading...







powerful tools. personal progress. 



your professional toolbox. 


request consultation











branding that builds 



clear. concise. connected. 


request consultation











training that transforms 



find your strengths. reach your goals. 


request consultation











coaching to connect 



better choices for better outcomes. 


request consultation














home-skilsetken zill2020-04-25t14:57:55-07:00 
meet michele lando
ceo and founder

download bio
speaking for success
michele lando’s dynamic and interactive speaking style engages audiences! michele delivers pragmatic content with humor and inspiration, leaving you with a fresh perspective and the tools to take immediate action.

training that transforms
our customized executive training programs will elevate your teams’ effectiveness and maximize your bottom line. training evolves skills, instills confidence, and transforms outcomes for results you can measure.

coaching to connect
coaching is your opportunity as a business leader, or sales executive, to best align who you are with what you do so that you can create impact – consistently, with credibility, and by making choices that lead to greater results.

branding that builds
your brand already exists – whether by design or by default. we look at where it’s working for you, against you, and how you can fully leverage the power of your brand to enable bold business growth… and create demand for your brand.
clients
skilset communications has helped countless clients achieve their vital business goals.
as a professional in wealth management for over 20 years responsible for enhancing the sales team’s performance, i have engaged numerous sales training and processes. this program is in a league of its own. salespeople are transformed and have tools to further refine [their skills] moving forward. one of my team members went from 2m to 20m in just 30 days, and the entire team has seen returns in the millions.
carmie saldana, managing director and regional sales manager, u.s. trust




 
 





 
e: info@skilset.com
t: 626.792.0032








 

about skilset skilset communications, inc. works with an organization’s senior executives, emerging leaders and top sales performers to help accelerate meeting their business objectives through coaching, training, conference
keynotes and consulting.

 

 
home
speaking
training
coaching
branding
toolkit
blog
contact us


 

 
 
 





		©  skilset communications. all rights reserved.	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link
























































































go to top




