






melvin powers wilshire book company - home page







































































































































#1 bestseller from
																																			 wilshire books


































melvin powers





melvin powers publishes books. not just any kind of books, but special interest books. books about bridge, chess, pets, sports and hobbies. but his wilshire book company is best known for its line of self-help and inspirational books. the world headquarters for wilshire book company is located in an attractive office/warehouse building in chatsworth.





read all about melvin powers – "the man with the midas touch." check out books by melvin powers, learn about mail order, achieve your financial goals and build a life of freedom and financial independence by following melvin powers' blueprint for mail order success. the melvin powers mail order millionaire course has helped thousands of people to realize their dreams.




let melvin teach you how to make lots of money with classified ads. visit the entrepreneurs' bookstore and find out about entrepreneurs' business opportunities.

















wilshire books





self-improvement library

recovery





self-help & motivational

wilshire horse lovers' library





think and grow rich

become a published author





marriage, sex & parenthood

spanish language books






think and grow rich







this remarkable book helped me make millions.
																													
																																	it can do the same for you! – melvin powers


wilshire books is pleased to be publishing the original, unabridged, classic edition of the world famous book think and grow rich by napoleon hill – just as he wrote it in 1937. it has been an international bestseller for many years, selling millions of copies in its various editions. click here for more info.  also available in an original unabridged audio 12 cd version.









horse lovers' library








our horse lovers' library contains 20 titles devoted to all aspects of horse training, riding, medicine and maintenance. whether you are a beginner or an experienced horseman you will find invaluable information on the american quarter horse, horse selection, horse schooling, western riding, equitation, dressage, the driving horse, ponies, first aid for horses, the problem horse, horseshoeing, bridles and bits, stable management, horse psychology and much more. click here for more info.




















contact us																			copyright © 1995 - 2014 wilshire book company. all rights reserved.
																							site design by peter thorpe.







































































