






cooltan tan through swimwear & shirts 































women's swim
about women's swim
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -tan through  bikinis
â†’ string bikinis
â†’ halter top bikinis
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -tan through 1pc suits
â†’ classic tank swimsuit
â†’ monokini swimsuits- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -shop all

men's swim

about men's swim
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tan through swim trunks
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tan through board shorts
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tan through swim briefs
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tan through fitted shorts
â†’ hipsters
â†’ jammers
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -shop all

men's shirts
  about shirts- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tan through classic shirts
â†’ polos
â†’ henleys
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -tan through casual shirts
â†’ t-shirts
â†’ v-neck shirts
â†’ tank top shirts
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -new! tan through graphic shirts
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -shop all






   








 



 









limited time only! free shipping when you order 2 or more.
for domestic us orders only. does not apply to international orders.

 



 classic shirts 
 racers 
 shorts 
 one-piece suits 
 bikinis 
 casual shirts 





tan through swimwear &  shirts by cooltanâ®


look great & get a tan right through your swimsuit or shirt!




get your tan on

get a tan through the most comfortable, best looking shirts and swimwear in the world. when you're at the beach, boating, on vacation or just relaxing in the yard, you can get a tan naturally right through the fabric. the cooltan line of swimsuits and shirts not only let you get sun right through the fabric, they are also lightweight, comfortable and dry extremely quickly!


 




the secret is in the fabric

 cooltan tan-through shirts and swimsuits are made from a unique, high quality fabric that allows you to get a natural tan right through the fabric about as fast as you would with a medium level spf sunscreen. the microsol fabric that makes it all possible is amazingly comfortable and lets sunlight through like a medium level sunscreen, eliminating the need for messy oils and lotions.

 




cool & comfortable
the lightweight microsol fabrics also keep you cool and comfortable! cooltan tan through shirts rapidly wick moisture through the fabric, so you stay cooler and drier. our tan through swimwear keeps you cooler, and allows water to pass through, increasing hydrodynamic performance! cooltan swimsuits and shirts are easy to take care of, ethically made in california, and machine washable. on vacation? you can also hang them to dry and they'll be dry the next morning... perfect for travelling!



 




guaranteed satisfaction

need a different size or color? that's easy. just send it back within 60 days from the date in which you received it for an exchange or refund, whichever you prefer. need help? give us a call or email us, and we'll be happy to help with delivery, sizing, or any other questions!


 
















shop

men's tan-through shirts
men's tan-through swim
women's tan-through swim
shop by color
 
cooltan outlet page
special offers




info

customer service
product q & a

shipping info
returns & exchanges
 
size chart
style guide





about us

contact us

email sign up

request a brochure
 
 
 switch to mobile site
privacy





follow us











copyright © 







 


 




