























archive news from the hereford times































































newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



more









newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



















                    subscribe
                


digital edition puzzles



























close



stay ahead with a digital subscription
subscribe



featured
free morning newsletter
free evening newsletter
our precious meadow campaign
your missing pets appeals
your wedding pictures in print





search











news




bromyard


kington


hay-on-wye


ledbury


leominster


ross-on-wye


business


letters









sport




football


rugby


golf


cricket









letters









hereford fc









e-editions




all


herefordshire living


hereford business times


prime









what's on




local events


food & drink









announcements




acknowledgements


death notices


in memoriam


public notices


other announcements


bereavement guide









awards




health & social care awards 2024









young reporter













                        subscribe
                    

digital edition puzzles

newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



 





news


sport


letters


hereford fc


e-editions


what's on


announcements


awards


young reporter






























        archive
        






            filters

            





or search by keyword




            display search results
        




15th february 2025











date
pub landlady among those being mourned in herefordshire
a former pub landlady is among those being mourned in herefordshire.


  every week, the hereford times publishes death notices and funeral announcements from the families of loved ones who have passed away.


  to place any family notices, visit here










date
tv star to host major herefordshire event
tv star jules hudson has been announced as the host for the first-ever visit herefordshire tourism awards.


  the event will take place on february 26, 2025, at lyde court near hereford.


  the awards aim to recognise the best tourism businesses










date
is serial killer nurse lucy letby really guilty?
hereford has appeared in national media more often than usual lately as a result of the lucy letby case and the babies who died on the ward where she was a nurse.


  lucy was born and brought up in hereford and went to school there, including the










date
takeaways visited by food hygiene inspectors
herefordshire pubs, restaurants and takeaways have been handed new ratings in the latest round of food hygiene inspections.


  all businesses handling food in the county are regularly checked by local authority food hygiene inspectors.


  businesses










date
brexit blamed for rethink of farmers' homes plan at village pub
this story is only available to hereford times subscribers.
  click here to find out why and how to subscribe for exclusive stories.


  plans to build five houses alongside a historic herefordshire country pub are having to be changed, due in part










date
five years on: how storm dennis floods devastated hereford
with the river wye running through the heart of the city, hereford has always been vulnerable to floods.


  but none in living memory have wrought as much havoc on the city as those that followed storm dennis in february 2020.


  rescue crews battling










date
how smart are you? take this pub quiz to find out your iq
the weekend is here which can only mean one thing, it's time for the weekly pub quiz. 


  perfect if you're taking a trip to the pub this weekend, this quiz will let you brush up on some of that unusual but essential knowledge for the occasion.










date
pubs, restaurants and cafes where kids eat free this half term
half term is upon is and pubs, restaurants, pubs, cafes and hotels are offering kids eat free deals. 


  in the summer, picnics and free park days are great, but february half term often needs more planning.


  whether you want to go out for breakfast










date
how do i check my water pressure? what it means if it's low (and how to fix it)
are you wondering how you to check your water pressure properly at home?


  well now you can, thanks to an expert’s top tops.


  whether the shower or kitchen tap is acting up, checking the water pressure is a good way to start when it comes to finding










date
moneymagpie: when is it worth spending more?
at moneymagpie, a large focus of our work is how to help people save money. so, it might seem strange that i’m about to tell you when it’s important to spend more. but we’ve all heard the phrase ‘false economy’, and probably also ‘spend cheap, spend










date
shock and sadness as boarding school announces permanent closure
former pupils and a local councillor have spoken of their shock after a boarding school announced its closure.


  bedstone college, which has been open for nearly 80 years, has cited financial issues as a contributing factor to the decision.


  headmaster










date
nationwide cuts mortgage rates following barclays, santander and yorkshire
nationwide building society is the latest lender to announce it is cutting selected mortgage rates from today.


  some remortgage rates will fall by up to 0.35 percentage points and selected switcher rates by up to 0.13 percentage points. it will










date
'no alternative route' as footpaths are closed
two footpaths are being closed with no alternative routes available, according to notices issued by herefordshire council.


  the ad5 footpath in abbeydore has been closed at os grid reference 3848 3130.


  the council said the closure is due to










date
elvis tribute starring west end musical star coming to hereford
an elvis tribute act will be performed by a west end musical star in hereford.


  the elvis years will return to the courtyard theatre on friday, march 7, with a show at 7.30pm.


  the performance, featuring west end actor mario kombou, will include










date
homeless 'hell' chiefs should be ashamed!
thank goodness we have one citizen willing to take a stand for the homeless (homeless ‘hell’ defended, february 6)!


  i understand that a cheltenham-based charity, caring for communities and people, is commissioned by herefordshire council to run










date
closure coming for busy county road this month
a temporary road closure is set to come into force on a herefordshire road later this month.


  herefordshire council said it has made an order to temporarily prohibit vehicles from using the b4348 at allensmore, near moss green cottage.


  also










date
for sale: 'one of a kind' gothic house that starred on grand designs
a "one of a kind" converted gothic chapel in a rural herefordshire village is up for sale, giving house-hunters their own chance to get their hands on a grand design.


  the home appeared on hit show grand designs, presented by kevin mccloud, in 2008










date
review: we tried breakfast at this 'hidden gem' hereford cafe
a secret gem of a cafe in hereford's rotherwas industrial estate, and if you're in the area, it's certainly worth a try.


  cafe mullen is tucked away off vincent carey road, with striking but warm yellow signage welcoming you into the cosy room.










date
big plans to open new school are revealed
plans for a new school in a herefordshire town have been revealed.


  a change of use application has been submitted to herefordshire council planners for hildersley cottage in ross-on-wye.


  the school will cater for key stage two, three, and four















contact us
manage consent
announcements
leap
cookie policy
terms & conditions
contributor terms
newsquest printing
advertise
newsletters
reader rewards
site map
exchange and mart
terms of advertising
privacy policy
diversity statement
photo sales
our publications
archive
add your event for free


follow us


                    hereford times on facebook
                


                    @herefordtimes
                


                    football at hereford times
                




                this website and associated newspapers adhere to the independent press standards organisation's
    editors' code of practice. if you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    if you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact ipso here


© 2001-2025.  newsquest media group ltd, 1st floor, chartist tower, upper dock street, newport, wales, np20 1dw  | 01676637 |
            











modal headline





close


automatically injected html goes here



    submit



    cancel







deactivate
piano meter debugger
data returned from the piano 'meteractive/meterexpired' callback event.















as a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
these adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.

it is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.


close



































