








tom moores tavern restaurant bermuda home
























close






home
about
menu
events
gallery
contact

more

team
reviews







































the home of good food

tom moores tavern


our passion
welcome to 'tom moores tavern' restaurant, where the finest cuisine is enjoyed in the most spectacular of settings. full of historic charm, our elegant  restaurant is widely popular on the island of bermuda. we pride ourselves in delivering the highest of service standards and  traditional values to ensure all our guests have the perfect experience. join us for an unforgettable evening.



team



































tom moores tavern
about us

tom moore's tavern was originally built in 1652 as a private home for a mr walsingham. known as walsingham house, the property was owned by samuel trott when tom moore, the irish poet, came to bermuda in 1804. the present day tom moores tavern restaurant retains many of its original  features. 
over 3 million visitors and famous celebraties from all around the world have wined and dined within these walls including his royal highness, the prince of wales, prince charles, who lunched at tom moore's tavern on the 21st of october, 1970.


history








events
with a long history of hosting events from corporate luncheons to private functions, weddings and parties, tom moores tavern is the ultimate venue for any event.

see events









our menu
in charge of creating magnificent meals is our executive chef, robert nicolle, who is passionate about using the best seasonal and quality ingredients. general manager, bruno and his team source the finest food from around the world including seafood and seasonal locally caught fish. we have an excellent choice of wines and menu including chef's specials and daily specials.

menu 












look inside
visit gallery






 



bermuda's oldest eating house 

reviews










reserve a table




bruno fiocca (general manager)
                    robert nicolle (executive chef)
tel: +1(441) 293-8020


book























tel: +1(441) 293-8020
 7 walsingham lane hamiltonbermuda cr04



opening times



tuesday to sunday
6:30 pm  to late


 last  orders
 9:45 pm


jan 1 to feb 13
closed







              copyright â© tom moores tavern | all rights reserved
				
								
				



















