     ford dealer serving baltimore, md | preston ford west                             
                                            preston ford west        sales 410-655-2000    service 410-655-2000  parts 410-655-2000      9311 liberty roadrandallstown, md 21133                                service        map        contact                       preston ford west                 call 410-655-2000   directions                  new   search new inventory   current event offers   under $30k vehicles   we deliver   ford f-150 truck buying guide   custom order your ford   custom factory order     evs & hybrids   new hybrid & evs   used hybrids & evs   electric vehicle maintenance   ev buying guide     pre-owned   search pre-owned inventory   vehicles under $20k   pre-owned specials   new arrivals   fordpass   tires   ford accessories     sell / trade   commercial   new   pre-owned   ford commercial credit app   section 179 savings     frog specials   frog specials   current event offers   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   appreciation programs   pag gift cards     finance   finance   get pre-approved   payment calculator   ford lease offers   triton warranty program   preston for life   lease returns     service & parts   schedule service   schedule mobile service   ford pickup & delivery service   service & parts specials    buy now, pay later   body shop   service & parts department   ford protect   fordpass rewards   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     about us   about our dealership   hours & directions   meet our staff   why the frog?   join our team   our partnership with kyle hamilton   preston cares   review center    contact us   ford model research   ford blue advantage   our blog   ¿habla español?                     new   search new inventory   current event offers   under $30k vehicles   we deliver   ford f-150 truck buying guide   custom order your ford   custom factory order     evs & hybrids   new hybrid & evs   used hybrids & evs   electric vehicle maintenance   ev buying guide     pre-owned   search pre-owned inventory   vehicles under $20k   pre-owned specials   new arrivals   fordpass   tires   ford accessories     sell / trade   commercial   new   pre-owned   ford commercial credit app   section 179 savings     frog specials   frog specials   current event offers   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   appreciation programs   pag gift cards     finance   finance   get pre-approved   payment calculator   ford lease offers   triton warranty program   preston for life   lease returns     service & parts   schedule service   schedule mobile service   ford pickup & delivery service   service & parts specials    buy now, pay later   body shop   service & parts department   ford protect   fordpass rewards   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     about us   about our dealership   hours & directions   meet our staff   why the frog?   join our team   our partnership with kyle hamilton   preston cares   review center    contact us   ford model research   ford blue advantage   our blog   ¿habla español?               




      disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                        










inventory






    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset find my car   search reset         find my car        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       find my car   reset         










service




schedule service
 schedule now





service
our service technicians are highly trained and certified.




service





schedule





specials












      search new inventory     search used inventory        









get
 financing














view
 specials














trade
 appraisal














schedule
 service






     












     




a vehicle for every lifestyle
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





mustang





mach-e





maverick






escape





edge





explorer





expedition





bronco





bronco sport





ranger





f-150





super duty





transit





transit connect




explore all new inventory



      


preston pre-owned program
the preston pre-owned program was developed to help customers find the perfect pre-owned vehicle to fit their needs. our vehicles are carefully inspected and classified into three categories: gold, silver, and bronze based on specific criteria each category requires. shop our inventory today to find the perfect pre-owned vehicle for you! 
learn more




our at home services
we will bring the dealership to you with our at home services program. vehicle delivery, at home test drives, and video walk arounds can all be done from the comfort of your home. we also offer pick-up and delivery of vehicles for service-no need to step foot in the dealership! check out all our services we offer today! 
learn more


preston cares
community is a core value for the preston automotive group. we actively support the communities we serve and encourage involvement in programs that are important to our associates.
learn more

       
welcome to preston ford west, serving ford customers from randallstown, baltimore, towson, owings mills, westminster, columbia, and all surrounding regions!


it’s always a good time to purchase a vehicle at preston ford west because “cars cost less with preston.” that’s right, our vehicles are competitively priced and our friendly staff is waiting to help you pick out the perfect one. your ford dealer in randallstown, md, has everything you need to turn your daily drive into adventure. our team promises to uphold our core values of integrity, urgency, teamwork, personal growth, attention to detail, and community, in order to provide a fulfilling car buying experience for all our customers. find the vehicle that will change the way you drive at preston ford west, located at 9311 liberty rd., randallstown, md, or call 410-346-5649.


learn more



all-star ford lineup

shopping for a new ford at your local owings mills, md, ford dealer opens a world of opportunities and benefits. every purchase includes a preston for life membership. members can take advantage of discounts, warranties, birthday benefits, and more after purchasing any vehicle in our inventory. ask about our frog specials so you can receive even better deals when shopping for your vehicle. our ford dealer in randallstown, md, offers all the latest models in the ford lineup, including the ford bronco, ford bronco sport, ford edge, ford escape, ford expedition, ford explorer, ford f-150, ford maverick, ford mustang, ford mustang mach-e, ford ranger, ford super duty series, and ford transit.

shop new




hand-selected pre-owned vehicles

in addition to the latest ford models, the diverse inventory at your local towson, md, ford dealer includes a selection of the highest quality pre-owned vehicles around. our ford blue advantage inventory features recent ford models that have been inspected to ensure optimal performance. we also have vehicles from other top brands, such as chevrolet, hyundai, and toyota, available for incredible prices through the preston pre-owned program. speak with a knowledgeable sales representative about how you can make the most of your purchase at your ford dealer in randallstown, md.

shop pre-owned


ford financing experts


purchase your vehicle the stress-free way with the help of the finance team at your local baltimore, md, ford dealer. in addition to expert help with automotive financing, preston ford west has a variety of helpful tools to assist with your purchase. to estimate your future payments, use our payment calculator tool. just input the information it requires and you can calculate your monthly rates and payment power. you can also use our handy and accessible value your trade tool to find out the approximate value of your current vehicle. if you choose to trade in your old vehicle for a new one from your ford dealer near westminster, md, you will know ahead of time how much it is worth. fill out the online finance application to get pre-approved for credit.

get pre-approved



top-notch service and repairs


from routine maintenance to collision repairs, you can rely on the team at your local columbia, md, ford dealer to help keep your vehicle on the road for years. whether you need an oil change, engine maintenance, brake repairs, tune-ups, or more demanding bodywork or repairs, our factory-trained technicians are ready to get the job done. on our website, feel free to schedule a service appointment, order automotive parts, or ask a tech if you have any questions about your vehicle’s needs. when your vehicle requires maintenance and repairs, bring it to your randallstown, md, ford dealer and have our experts take a look. don’t forget to ask about our current service & parts specials!

service center




trust preston ford west


everything you need to prepare for a spectacular journey behind the wheel of a new ford or reliable pre-owned vehicle can be found at your ford dealer in randallstown, md. schedule a test drive to take a closer look at the vehicle of your dreams and fill out our credit application to jumpstart your purchase.

contact us












                  













     


sales hours     monday 8:30am - 8:00pm    tuesday 8:30am - 8:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 8:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 8:00pm    friday 8:30am - 8:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 6:00pm     sunday closed    





              although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. prices include all applicable rebates and require fmcc financing and exclude taxes, tags, destination and $799 dealer doc fee. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures preston ford west | 9311 liberty road, randallstown, md 21133 | sales: 410-655-2000 |                



















                   