







1-2-3 word search maker- custom word find puzzle maker software for windows






























make learning fun


with custom word search puzzles












home


product info


download


purchase


contact













create standard or unusual word searches


add clues or a hidden message to your puzzle to make them even more special.



choose from several styles



 


use many ways


print as a worksheet,
export as html to a web site,
or copy and paste into other software.



don't just print your puzzles



 


make your job a little easier


try out our easy to use word search puzzle maker. download the demo and see for yourself.


try it for yourself


 


happy customers recommend us















"i tried every crossword program and yours is the best." leon




 there are so many options for making a puzzle, the software is easy to use and help is a click away.  your company and product are the best in my book!  -- carl




"i just finished composing a puzzle using crossword weaver and the program is an answer to my prayers." -- edward from ohio.




the puzzles are easy to make, the kids love them and learn from them.....what more could a teacher ask for? -- tammy
 




"i love this program!  used my first crossword on test taking skills in my class and the students loved it!!!"
-- mattie
 




"i love your program and use it for my english as a second language program. p. s. i have requested that all of my teaching staff use your crossword program and they all rave about it.  thanks. hundreds of esl students have done their first crossword puzzle through you!"
--susan




"very cool software. easy to use, intuitive program with excellent results in minimum amount of time."
-- will from georgia




































1-2-3 word search maker
custom word search puzzle maker software for windows

download


learn more


visit the product info page for more information about 1-2-3 word search maker


 




 


make them easy or hard


 


our favorite feature


 


buy it now, use it now



 



choose your difficulty level


choices from word directions, capitalization and letter sharing options give you complete control over how easy or difficult your puzzle is.
 
you can even save your settings to make your work easier for you.


easy to use cheating prevention


it's easy to copy someone else's word search puzzle. one glance and you can see where the words are. so we solved this problem for you.
just choose the number of puzzles you want, and the program will print out each puzzle with the same words but a different arrangement. no cheating is possible as each puzzle is unique! plus, it requires no extra work on your part.


once you purchase you will receive your unlock code immediately


unlock your software in just minutes so you can save what you've been working on in the demo version. instantly print, export, save...and play!




word search puzzles are great!



start making yours today.




download

















copyright â© 2016 variety games inc.
all rights reserved.







 
visit our blog.























































































































































































home


product info


download


purchase


contact










































































































































































































































































































































