














home | events office




skip to main content


















events office





main navigation


plan an event



departmental events


student events


external events


events policies and guidelines




filming at ucla



commercial/external filming


student filming


ucla departmental filming


engagement and wedding photography


filming locations



ucla westwood campus


ucla south bay campus


ucla lake arrowhead lodge






attend an event



event calendar


event tickets


directions


parking




events online (eol)



ucla events online


events online faq 


eol flowchart for major events




sustainable events


drone procedures


meet the team





search icon















search the site:


























 



ucla events office
your source for event planning and film production





 



student events


 



the ucla events office schedules and manages student extracurricular activities in classrooms and campus quads. learn more about scheduling and planning your student meetings or events with the ucla events office. 




departmental events


 




we are the central campus resource for ucla departments organizing their events on the ucla campus. learn more about how the ucla events office can assist in scheduling and planning your ucla departmental event.




external events


 




the ucla events office hosts external campus events of all sizes, from large public festivals to single classroom rentals and everything in-between. learn more about hosting your external event on the ucla campus.




filming & photography


 




we are the university’s location coordinating and film permitting unit for feature films, commercials, stills, and any other digital media broadcast. learn more about filming and photography at ucla, the university's drone procedures, and view campus filming locations.





 



ucla events and film shoots are subject to los angeles county health department and ucla's covid-19 health and safety protocols. for campus updates please visit ucla's covid-19 website. 






















555 westwood plaza, suite 118
box 957213
los angeles, ca 90095-7213

drop-in office hours:
monday - wednesday, 9 a.m. - noon 
(310) 825-8989
events@ucla.edu






©
      2025
      regents of the
      university of california



emergency


accessibility


report misconduct


privacy & terms of use





facebook



instagram



linked



x



youtube



tiktok



threads









