



	southcliff church














  


 














page updated!

×



your page has been updated and a back up was created for the previous version.


close

















announcements
calendar
i'm new
aboutwho we arewhen & whereour beliefsour staffrequest formexperiencing life change
extrasannouncementsfree english classescalendarinvite a friendschedule an eventprayer requestscare requeststhrive pathwaywelcome to southcliffstorefront
mediamessage archivelive streamphoto gallery
connectbirth-12th grade18-29 years oldadultswomenespanolnew membergrace profile
give
































announcements
calendar
i'm new
aboutwho we arewhen & whereour beliefsour staffrequest formexperiencing life change
extrasannouncementsfree english classescalendarinvite a friendschedule an eventprayer requestscare requeststhrive pathwaywelcome to southcliffstorefront
mediamessage archivelive streamphoto gallery
connectbirth-12th grade18-29 years oldadultswomenespanolnew membergrace profile
give
































welcome to southcliff
a church committed to helping you thrive.








you are invited to sunday services: on campus or onlineonsite:  9:30 am & 11:00
amonline:  9:30 am, 11:00 am, 8:00 pm
i'm newonline worshipwho we are

upcoming events
feb16share seminar: creative ways to share the good newsshare seminar: creative ways to share the good news from 12:20 pm – 1:45 pm in the fellowship h...
feb18spring breakout canvassingspring breakout canvassing from 2:30 pm – 4:00 pm.  join our staff as we greet parents at local...
feb19john mark clubthis is for all 18-29 year olds in the ft. worth metroplex area. we will gather on the 1st & 3rd ...
feb20esl test driveesl test drive from 6:30 pm – 8:30 pm.  you can sit in on classes, greet students, serve in the...
church events







a church for all generations and backgrounds
welcome! southcliff church is a gathering of believers in jesus who seek to make a difference in this world. join this next sunday and experience worship with us!







mission statement
guiding people of all generations and backgrounds into a thriving relationship with christ.











we care
our goal is to team up with you and your household to “thrive,” in your journey in life. we want to partner with you in prayer, help you have a relationship with jesus christ, find a place for your gifts and talents to be used, and give you suggestions to help grow you in your faith.
prayer
experience life change
serve
thrive pathway






download our app
to stay better connected with us please download our app. you will be able to find our latest sermon series, children’s ministry videos, and information about southcliff.















southcliff church4100 sw loop 820 | ft worth, tx 76109(817) 924-2241
sms privacy policy
contact us






© copyright 2025, southcliff church, all rights reserved.



top




















