








home - tulsa vette set































































 




 skip to content

















 hometvs membershipbecome a membercontactmember login 









search for:















 





 


 


 


 


 


 

tulsa vette set is open to all corvette owners! 
							join today! 
							




 




homem3growth2023-03-25t11:53:34-05:00 
welcome to the tulsa vette set
the tulsa vette set was established in 1971 to bring together individuals with love of corvettes to grow friendships, get technical assistance, enjoy social gatherings and cruise.
throughout the year we have various events like cruises, dinners, vettogethers, parties, and let’s not forget car shows! each year we take several one-day cruises, occasional overnight trips and usually at least one extended cruise. one of our staple events is the eureka springs corvette weekend – where we are the biggest attended club at the festival!
throughout the year, we raise money for the little light house through our door prizes and other designated events. it is a great opportunity for us to give to a local organization that helps so many.
want to join the tulsa vette set?
we offer memberships for individuals and families. as a member of the tulsa vette set, you will also become a member of the national council of corvette clubs.
explore membership






						upcoming events					






			feb		

			20		








6:30 pm - 8:00 pm 



		directors meeting	










			feb		

			22		








11:00 am - 4:30 pm 



		cattlemen’s steakhouse cruise	










			mar		

			1		








8:45 am - 2:30 pm 



		enrique’s cruise	










			mar		

			4		








6:30 pm - 8:00 pm 



		business meeting – (open to everyone) –  location: little light house, 5120 e 36th st, tulsa	










			mar		

			13		








6:00 pm - 8:00 pm 



		vettogether	









		view calendar	





marketplacecustom tail lights for a c7 corvette for salesellfebruary 12, 2025 - rick gurley1971 corvette coupe for salesellfebruary 11, 2025 - rick gurleyprice reduced – c8 z51 summer run flat tires for saleselljuly 22, 2024 - lloyd dawes
view more items



 
 





quick linksnccc forms & waivers
nccc member handbook
nccc southwest region home
contact
membership
tvs facebook page
national corvette museum
 

waivers are required for all club events. download and print forms. it is critical that the following information is provided: write the event name and location on top left of form; write date of event on top right of form; sign the form, list your club title and your address at the bottom of page 1.
*if you have a minor (under 18 years old) participating you must complete the “minor’s waiver” and the “parental consent form”. complete all requested information, sign and date forms.
all completed forms need to be turned in to the club governor.
nccc waiversminor waiver



 

 
tvs is sponsored by jim glover auto family

 

 
tvs proudly supports the little light house

 

 
member of the national council of corvette clubs

 

 
 
 





		© 2025 tulsa vette set | site design by momentum3 growth 



 
 
 
 
 































































































waivers are required for all club events. download
    and print forms. it is critical that the following 
    information is provided: write the event name and 
    location on top left of form; write date of event on
    top right of form; sign the form, list your club 
    title and your address at the bottom of page 1.
*if you have a minor (under 18 years old) 
    participating you must complete the “minor’s waiver”
    and the “parental consent form”. complete all requested 
    information, sign and date forms.
all completed forms need to be turned in to the 
    club governor.
nccc waivers
minor waiver
 

