



	tim reynolds - official website



































                    tr3 - watch it


                        your browser does not support the audio element.
                    





home
news
bio
press
discography
store
links
contact
boards



wednesday, january 8, 2025tr3 featuring tim reynolds - announce march 2025 tour dates
	tr3 featuring tim reynolds are pleased to announce their march 2025 tour dates. fronted by tim reynolds, the illustrious trio includes dan martier on drums and mick vaughn on bass. tr3 promises a jam-packed tour, setting off in charlottesville, va on march 6 and making their way through a number of cities on the east coast, wrapping up with a two-night stand in bay shore, ny on march 28-29.

	photo: stephan pruitt photography


wednesday, january 1, 2025tim reynolds announces release of participation mystique


	happy new year! to celebrate another trip around the sun, we are pleased to announce the release of participation mystique (in the age of the mushroom bandit). tim reynolds' music is as timeless as it is timely, a notion that is reflected well in the brilliant new year's day release. recorded twenty years ago by reynolds in his santa fe, new mexico home studio, participation mystique features reynolds' mesmerizing blend of intricate guitar work and improvisational brilliance, weaving rock, jazz, and world influences into a soulful, dynamic soundscape.

	the album kicks off with the sinister "pathetic propaganda ploy," a groovy, guitar-driven track that channels the punk anti-authority energy of the late-90s nine inch nails records. maniacal laughter punctuates melodic overtones, while drum beats provide a hypnotic backbeat, a common element for the songs on this album. reynolds used drum loops on every song except for "cordially distant," a brooding and grooving song inspired by his interactions with the public. all of the musical performances on participation mystique (in the age of the mushroom bandit)were played by reynolds himself: stratocaster, telecaster, 7-string guitar, vocals, keyboards, bass, and mostly-programmed drums. the album consists of previously unreleased material with the exception of two tr3 tunes: "revelation" and "meaning to tell you."

	the vibe of the record is entirely spiritual, "a pure expression that is close to my heart," reynolds says. the album's final track consists of a collaboration with a nasa recording of space sounds entitled, "spirit molecule." reynolds describes the song as a "recording of neptune. i played along to it with my 7-string...definitely trippy, engaging deeper communications. low drones that sounded like b-17 bombers." at nearly 18 minutes long, "spirit molecule" is an epoch in and of itself, a controlled experiment of sonics, light, and dark, posing questions about the nature of the human existence and our place in the universe.

	visit: https://bit.ly/mushroombandit to download, save, or stream now!
friday, january 19, 2024tr3 featuring tim reynolds unveils new studio album, watch it
	tr3 featuring tim reynolds explores the eccentricities of contemporary life with playfulness and candor on their latest full length studio release, watch it, available now on cd and all digital streaming platforms. vinyls are available for pre-order here. 

	 

	joining the highly anticipated release today is the official music video debut for the single, " so am i," recorded at the neighborhood theatre in charlotte, nc by fiasco pictures. watch the video on youtube @timreynoldstr3 or click here.


	photo: stephan pruitt photography

	 



 

view all news entries



tour dates

3/6/2025charlottesville, vainfo3/7/2025winchester, vainfo3/8/2025wilmington, deinfo3/9/2025sellersville, painfo3/12/2025new york, nyinfo

view all tour dates


instagram





view all posts


audio





video





view all videos



 


        copyright © 2025 tim reynolds. all rights reserved.
    

        created by blue matrix consulting







