   minnesota fishing museum | museum and gift shop | little falls, mn         
  
skip to content320-616-2011





























homeour storyeventsgallery & giftstourspartnershipscontact us
fishing museum and hall of fame hourshoursopen wednesday through saturday from 10am - 5pmadmissionfamily (2 adults & kids under 17)-$25
adults---------------------------------------$10
students (6 - 17)--------------------------$5
children (5 & under)-----------------free night with the fishing pros fundraiserfriday, april 4, 2025adults $40
16 & under $20 

buy night with the fishing pros tickets here



get tickets
we invite you...to visit the museum with your family and/or to arrange a guided tour for larger groups.

contact us for more information
on behalf of the founders and board of directors, we express our sincere gratitude for your interest in the museum and education center.

become a member


support us


visit fishing hall of fame of mn




preserving & promoting minnesota’s fishing heritage


museums


events

get tickets



education tourswhen it comes to fishing, minnesota is  in a class all its ownthe minnesota fishing museum (mfm) is a place where angling memories come alive and stories are told of days gone by. the collection of over 20,000 artifacts related to minnesota fishing is beautifully displayed and lovingly maintained at 304 west broadway in little falls, minnesota.the museum…the minnesota fishing museum is not "just a collection of old fishing items," but rather a collection of historical possessions that belonged to individuals from across minnesota who were (and are) a part of the history of freshwater fishing in our state. the museum holds a priceless collection of fishing-related antiques and memorabilia tracking the heritage of freshwater angling in minnesota.presently the minnesota fishing museum displays over 20,000 fishing-related artifacts. a log cabin set recreates an old time fish camp at the lake. a large diorama depicts a typical spearing dark house on a frozen lake, complete with a northern pike moving in to be taken. numerous displays showcase the artifacts found in many anglers’ tackle boxes throughout the years. motors dating from 1902 are displayed throughout. the aquarium with live native fish is the focal point for learning and just relaxing. the minnesota record fish display inspires anglers to catch "the big one."master angler programeligibility
the master angler program is open to all licensed anglers in minnesota. nonresident anglers with an appropriate minnesota license are also eligible to participate. there are separate divisions for adults and youth anglers. before you apply to be a master angler, please review the program rules and qualification chart.qualification
minnesota angler awards are made available on an annual basis according to the calendar year january 1 through december 31. deadline for application is april 30th of the following year.categories
the program has three award categories; master angler, expert angler, and grand master.  anglers must qualify at the master angler level before becoming eligible for expert angler status, and finally the grand master award.master angler: open to any legal angler who has released or harvested one qualifying fish.expert angler: open to any legal angler who has released or harvested three trophy fish.  each fish must be a different species and must be caught in the same year. entries for the each fish must be submitted separately using the application form.grand master: open to any legal angler who has released or harvested five trophy fish. each fish must be a different species and must be caught in the same year. entries for the each fish must be submitted separately using the application form.recognition
qualifying entries will receive:
a listing with their photo on the master anglers page of the mn fishing hall of fame  website and the hall of fame facebook page.
a browser-generated certificate commemorating the achievement of each catch.application form | program rules | qualifying fishhall of fame nominationsone can make a significant impact on the lives of many without ever being well known. it is important to honor all of those who had a great influence on the great sport of fishing, whether famous or not. corporate advances tend to be much more visible to us. for it’s their products that shape the evolution of the sport of fishing.check out the legends and submit a nomination!
sponsors

videos

social connection

 sponsors
thank you to our sponsors and ongoing contributors! we encourage you to visit, shop, and purchase goods / services from these fine businesses.
























 videos
learn more about us through film footage!









 social connection



minnesota fishing museum hall of fame & education center304 west broadway
little falls, mn 56345phone: 320-616-2011

send an email
our hourswednesday – saturday: 10am – 5pm



homeour storyeventsgallery & giftstourspartnershipscontact uscopyright © 2025 pinnacle marketing group | privacy policy
scroll to top             

