










roberto's watersports – best deals in aruba!















































































contact
home














call us! 297-592-2859




find us next to moomba beach bar!




info@robertoswatersports.com














































contact
home





































join us for a great snorkeling tour on our comfortable trimaran. a wonderful trip for the entire family!









join a group trip.
(we only take out small groups)
just $50 per person


book now!






trips include 2 great snorkel stops, snorkel equipment, and open bar.








onset may be deferred by purchase levitra http://deeprootsmag.org/2016/01/20/shakespeares-ophelia-finds-a-new-voice/ fatty food or a substantial supper. generic cheap cialis most men who used sildalis had the ability to do better jobs in a stretch of time without any valid reason. the manufacturer of this medication produced this medicine to make ed treatment easier and convenient for every ed sufferer. buy viagra for women by reducing stress and depression, yoga gets control over adverse emotions generico cialis on line sale and help men lead a satisfactory life semen leakage is a common sexual problem that is experienced mostly by men aged 40 and above. 
book a private charter.
$300 per hour (min. 2 hours)


book now!

















enjoy some of the best snorkeling aruba has to offer on our 3 hour sail and snorkel tour. our captain and first mate will take you to 2 wonderful snorkel sites. clean snorkel gear and optional life jackets are provided for you. throughout the trip there is an open bar with juices, soft drinks, and cocktails.
find us next to moomba beach bar, in front of the holiday inn hotel.





















we also book many other tours and activities. contact us today, or pass by our stand next to moomba beach.










parasailing









scuba diving









jetski rental









segway tours

















deep sea fishing









tube rides









banana boat rides









sup boarding






















contact us
make a reservation, or just ask us a question, we are more than happy to answer them.









send message












book with us today!
book! 







contact info

roberto's watersports palm beach (next to moomba bar) 297-592-2859 info@robertoswatersports.com 
tripadvisor 








like us on facebook



 





 




© 2016 · roberto's watersports
			
			


contact
home

















































