



mishnockbarn best country western dancing in rhode island













 



home
store
step sheets
contact




 








for weather related closings please check our facebook page



get text updates here for weather related closures of the mishnock barn


















 







the mishnock barn is the best country western dance club in rhode island.dan and kelly albro invite you for a line dancin', two steppin', foot stompin', good time. 
     the barn has 3 large floating dance floors. dang near 3,000 square feet of foot stompin! hardwood floor.
     wear comfortable shoes that allow you to move around freely on the wooden dance floors. sneakers, sandals, flipflops and very high heels may make dancing difficult.
  free wifi is offered to our dance patrons.
doors open @ 7:00pmcash bar and atm available on the premises.

enjoy the hottest!!! couples and line dances around.got a favorite? request it!



 



dan & kelly albro



welcome you


the barn has a wonderful past history: famous artist sang here from the grand ole opry. country western dance has become very popular and the popularity continues to grow today.  



 


      
barn hours
monday, tuesday, wednesday
beginners nights
doors open @ 7pmlessons @ 7:30pm
lessons and dancinguntil 11:00pm

friday & saturdaydoors open @ 7pmlessons @ 8:00pm
lessons and dancinguntil 12:00pm
we are an over 21 club.18 and over allowed withparent or guardian.valid i.d. required

visit our online store






subscribe to our mailing list













purchase gift card

mishnock and friendspictures










purchase ornament here


eddie 
zack & the hayloft jamboree to beinducted into the rhode island 
music hall of fame,april 28, 2013
read more...





new music video by"dispatch" (not messin)filmed at the mishnock barnapril 2012



"thankyou kco photo"for creating great memoriesfor the barn.


 
 
 



current dances

life is a rodeo (l)
look what god gave us (p)
california blue (p)
old friends in america (l)
we oughta know (p)




other links

kickit  (step sheets)
youtube videos
mishnock barn channel
get directions
where to stay





instructional dvd's
       


 

copyright © 2024 mishnock barn 200 mishnock rd. west greenwich r.i. 02817 | website 
by mb networking





