
















the jungle spa - maruba resort jungle spa












































an international boutique hotel and spa with an ethno twist
belize. a new caribbean destination





home
the resort

resort amenities
dining

marubian breakfast
marubian lunch
nouveau jungle cuisine


glow bar
about belize

travel checklist
code of ethics


publicity
videos


accommodations

room amenities
room rates
packages

girls get wild
romance packages
adventure packages
spa packages




spa

spa packages
day spa packages
mood mud
maruba therapy


d’romance

wedding packages
honeymoon packages


tours & activities

adventure packages


what’s new
reservations & contact
videos




romancemud bathlaughart and fun of mood mud therapyenjoytribalhookah loungehoneymoons and weddingsget junglizedaromatherapy massageadventureexotictree house diningbook now1-800-627-8227


maruba resort jungle spa
belize get junglized
an international boutique hotel spa with an ethno twist
picture a canvas of blue skies, between the canopy of an unspoiled rainforest; now breathe deep and evaporate into the sweet air as you are romanced by the music of mother nature, such is tropical belize. in case you are unfamiliar with belize, it is a melting pot of many different ethnic spices and tradition.  an intoxicating melange of lovely mayan ruins, rare wildfire, and endless beauty is what belize delivers.  nature in its most exquisite form, from the jungles, to the mountains, to the water, opens herself to the adventure seeker in each of us!  one place can let you bask in the sun, snorkel in the water, or hike in the jungles without ever having to unpack and repack – without having to move from one hotel to another – adventure upon adventure await you at maruba resort jungle spa!
maruba resort jungle spa is unquestionably the place to be.  it is a hip boutique resort and spa literally where the wild things are.  if tarzan came swinging through on a vine here, no one would blink.  he’d stop for a rum punch and a dip in the hot tub.  humming birds swoop from the jungle canopy in this dreamy, romantic, and natural environment.  maruba is a quirky place that sings with nature.  it is a distinctive alternative to the local day spa where treatments are derived from a meld of curative powers extracted from the remote jungle with science.
the experience of mysticism sets in as you discover the wonders of mother nature’s rainforest from the neo-primitive spa.  the surrounding jungle at this resort creates an elegant, yet contemporary, artistic atmosphere.  a gourmet menu featuring nouveau jungle cuisine is also available and the resort offers a wide variety of tours from cave tubing to touring the mayan ruins and horseback riding.  belize’s great barrier reef lies nineteen miles off the coast and is just a fifty-minute boat ride through a jungle river filled with orchids and bromeliads.  the spa offers diving, fishing, and snorkeling tours to the aquatic haven that teems with life and is ready to be discovered.  the jungle spa offers all modern conveniences and full amenities.  it is a free spirited resort and spa where you can restore your body, mind and soul in a truly rare and beautifully relaxed tropical atmosphere.
maruba resort jungle spa is the closest jungle resort to belize international airport, (30 miles), a 45-minute drive, or about a one-hour boat ride from san pedro, ambergris caye.
there are daily flights to belize city from houston and miami, dallas, atlanta , south carolina (approx. 2 hours) as well as from south america via el salvador and from europe, via miami or houston, rates depending on season.
click here for reservations.



 



winner trip advisor 2012/2013
reader's choice award for top 25 trendiest hotels in central america
winner spa magazine silver sage 2011
reader's choice award for active adventure spa
feature in spafinder/new beauty magazine 2012 edition
feature in spa magazine summer worldwide guide 2011
feature in destination weddings & honeymoons may/june 2011
airs on wheel of fortune & let's make a deal
awarded spa finder's best boutique spa
one of the top ten spas in the caribbean & central america









book online
payment & cancellation policy
terms & conditions
 © 2024 maruba resort jungle spa. all rights reserved. sitemap


site by hip web design












