


	maine pool company, in-ground and above ground pools, pool chemicals and accessories, levesque pools, benton maine


































skip to page content
skip to footer







60 benton plaza
benton, maine
(207) 453-6226









facebook
tel: (207) 453-6226




home

pools & product




our pools




inground pools




above ground pools




accessories



splashy reviews
our service area
contact us










make a splash in your new above ground pool!






this is the default banner text.  please verify that your banner has been setup properly.

levesque pools, maine's premier above and in-ground pool specialists.

                levesque pools is an in-ground and above ground pool company offering quality pools throughout
                the state of maine. our pools are designed and built with both structural integrity and elegant
                design ensuring you the pool of your dreams.
            

                we offer custom designs, giving you complete freedom to choose the shape and style of your pool.
                in our store you will find a wide selection of vinyl liners in many colors and designs, as well
                as an entire line of pool chemicals and accessories from underwater lighting and pool covers to
                skimmers, filters and solar pool heaters.
            
we make a big splash!




kidney shaped pool

kidney shaped pool
            
this beautiful kidney shaped pool is waiting to be installed in your backyard. notice the beautiful liner selected to give this pool the wow factor!
more info »





in-ground pool

in-ground pool
            
this is a rectangle pool we installed in waterville for one of our customers. the blue liner speaks for itself!
more info »





mountain pond pool shape

mountain pond pool shape
            
this pool has exquisite curves that is sure to make a statement in any back yard. this is a cardinal mountain pond shaped inground pool.
more info »






exceptional service
we offer all standard pool services including free water testing and analysis,
                        opening and closings and any pool maintenance services you may need. none of
                        our services are subcontracted out, you work with the owner one-on-one in
                        most situations.



levesque pools






















click on our manufacturer logos to see pool types and chemical tips.















































find us


levesque pools60 benton plazabenton, me 04901



contact us


(207) 453-6226
info@levesquepools.com
mon – fri: 9:00am – 5:00pmsat: 9:00am – 3:00pm



site map


home
pools & product
splashy reviews
our service area
contact us
accessibility






copyright © 2025 levesque pools.
all rights reserved.
design and hosting provided by phd consulting.









