


  



















minnesota center against violence and abuse | school of social work














skip to main content






go to the u of m home page

one stop
myu


search 








 

                college of education and human development
                 

school of social work


      menu      home     programs    academic overview     undergraduate minors     youth studies major     graduate studies    master of social work    applying     transferring from another program       phd in social work    applying to the phd in social work program       med in youth development leadership    applying for an med in youth development leadership       graduate aid and funding    title iv-e child welfare training fellowship         continuing education       centers    centers overview     center for advanced studies in child welfare     center for practice transformation     center for restorative justice & peacemaking     gamble-skogmo land grant chair in child welfare and youth policy     minnesota center against violence and abuse       research    research    research overview     families and children     health, disability, and aging     mental health     methods and methodology     social policy     youth studies         people    academic faculty     community faculty     emeriti faculty     tenured/tenure-track faculty     phd students     staff     student workers       giving     alumni     about    about ssw     news     events     department positions      
    
 
        
 



         home    centers     minnesota center against violence and abuse    
    
      minnesota center against violence & abuse 
 the minnesota center against violence and abuse (mincava) was established in 1994 by the minnesota state legislature with a charge “to improve the quality of higher education related to violence”. over subsequent years, mincava scholars partnered with national, state, and local organizations and institutions to develop, implement, and evaluate interventions and to disseminate knowledge through publications and presentations. mincava was a leader in innovative violence-related education, research, and internet publishing for many years.
as of august 2023, mincava has closed.
please contact lynette m. renner (renn0042@umn.edu) if any additional information is needed.

    




    school of social work     
contact105 peters hall1404 gortner avenuest. paul, mn 55108phone: 612-625-1220  |  fax: 612-624-3744email: sswadmin@umn.edu

  
help support the school of social workmake a giftreport a problem with the website

  home articles events people places
   
university of minnesotaparking & transportation  maps & directions  schedule a tourlearn more about the university system and how it is making an impact on our state and world.

              
 




for students, faculty, and staff

one stop
myu 


© 2025 regents of the university of minnesota. all rights reserved. the university of minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer.
    
privacy statement | 
        title ix statement









