



connecticut antiques online dealers american european furniture estate gold diamond jewelry sterling silver paintings fine art porcelain ceramics objects of art antiquing in new england


































toggle navigation




oneofakindantiques.com





categories 

advertising
african art masks
antiquities
architectural
art pottery
asian
baskets
books
boxes
brass copper bronze pewter
cast iron
childrens
chinese
clocks / timepieces / watches
decorative objects
desk articles
epherma
featured / fabulous finds
fine art
firearms, militia guns
folk art
furniture
glass art
india
japanese
jewelry / estate / gold / silver
kitchen items
lighting
maritime
mirrors
musical
native american
photographic / photos / cameras
porcelain
prints / lithographs / etchings
memorabilia
sculpture
sewing
silver
sports memorabilia
stoneware
textiles
tiffany
tools
toys



information 

antiques price guide
appraisals
about one of a kind antiques
consigning & purchasing
contact us
selling your items
payment policy
shipping
privacy policy
return policy
connecticut sales tax
customer feedback
auction services
bookmark our website
selling silver and gold
link to one of a kind antiques





enter keywords to search




        		     any word(s)
        	



        		     all word(s)
        	

search


receive email updates!









established 1975


one of a kind
antiques
oneofakind antiques.com


online since 1995



 


 


 


contact us







					[
you are on page # 1 in the fire-arms category of our website. there are 5 items in this category.  click one of the pages below to view more items in this category.





← previous
1
next →






click any image to zoom












vintage four feathers going to the drill lead soldier set

item# 10600    $165

vintage four feathers going to the drill british colonial era lead soldier set circa 1980. five pieces in the original box. box measures 13 x 8.75 x 2 inches. excellent condition.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom























vintage set of 5 american painted lead soldiers for war of 1812

item# 10592    $65

vintage set of 5 american painted lead soldiers for war of 1812 in original box c 1980. the original box measures 4.5 x 10 x 2.5 inches. the mark on these soldiers is oplos from argentina. they were made in 1980 for the american market; the makers name is mr. janson. the set is #1500.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom

















four boxed sets of american marine corps soldiers

item# 10591    $145

vintage toy collection, four boxes of american marine corps soldiers, all original. the mark on these soldiers is oplos from argentina. they were made in 1980 for the american market; the makers name is mr. janson. each box set contains five hand painted soldiers for a total of 20 pieces. we acquired these from the estate of a local collector of antique and vintage toys. each box measures 10 inches long x 4.5 inches deep x 2 inches high. each soldier measures 2.75 inches. we have 25 sets of four, and will sell them until they are all gone.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom





















illustrated british firearms patents 1969 limited edition

item# 9749    $90

illustrated british firearms patents 1714-1853. limited edition published by winchester press in 1969; marked #611 out of 1000 copies printed. excellent condition. measures 10.75 inches by 7.5 inches. compiled and edited by stephen v. grancsay and merrill lindsay.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom



















the winchester book by george madis

item# 9698    $85

5th edition the winchester book by george madis, signed by the author. the art and reference house, brownsboro, texas, 1979. limited edition of 1000 copies (none are numbered). embossed brown leatherette cover stamped in gold. measures 11.25 x 9 x 1.5 inches. very good condition, tight and clean.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.







← previous
next →













copyright ©1995-2025, oneofakindantiques.com, llc. owned and operated by one of a kind antiques, llc. all rights reserved. one of a kind antiques, dealers since 1975  in: american, european & asian antiques, baroque, rococo, empire, federal, regency, victorian, arts and crafts, art deco, mid century modern & country furniture, folk art, fine art, decorative objects, silver, rugs, ceramics & lighting.
grandpashabet
grandpashabet giriş
palacebet
royalbet
palacebet giriş
pashagaming
hızlıbahis
palacebet güncel giriş
pashagaming giriş
royalbet giriş
grand pashabet
porno

 







