







			elephantman foundation | inner beauty awareness
		












































 



















































thank you for your interest!


add free and premium widgets by addwater agency to your tumblelog!

  


to hide the widget button after installing the theme:

visit your tumblr blog's customization page (typically found at https://www.tumblr.com/customize).
click on appearance.
click hide widget button.
click on save+close.


for more information visit our how-to's page.
questions? visit us at tumblr.addwater.com
 [close this window] 














  home  
  about     projects     donate     influenza magazine     contact  








					postings
				



about us

the elephantman foundation is a 501c3 tax-exempt nonprofit organization with a mission to raise awareness of a beautiful mind, body and spirit in the fashion & entertainment communities. the foundation promotes, embraces and campaigns for inner beauty awareness (self confidence with a fashionably healthy & eco-conscious lifestyle).read about our foundation’s mission, goals and projects (google docs)window shopping for a cause influenza online magazine (www.influenzaonline.net)news/ eventsthe wu, the wu’s got something… wufoo is our newest tech partner! we’d like to extend a special thank you to the wufoo team in making it just a little bit easier for our nonprofit to utilize their fabulous forms for our upcoming projects.we would like to welcome back uprinting.com as our exceptional printing partner for the custom shape business cards that always get attention.printing services by uprinting.comit was our good fortune to see the elephant parade at the ritz-carlton, laguna niguel in dana point. elephant parade is the world’s largest open-air art exhibition dedicated to saving the asian elephant, a species now threatened with extinction. the star-studded cast of celebrity and artists – from hollywood elite to fashion designers and pop icons – are welcoming the open-air exhibition in dana point. for more info, go to www.elephantparadeamerica.comwe are proud to announce that we are influenza magazine’s charity partner for the big photo show in l.a.elephantman foundation was a featured charity at capturing innocence organization’s pasadena city college event on june 7, 2012. we were joined by pay it forward records. the event was about creating awareness of media exploitation of women and the affects it has on women and the society. we were glad to be a part of it.visit our facebook page for photos from the event and “like” us while there.we successfully completed newport beach based opis network’s helping 100 businesses in 100 days course thanks to president/ceo dave naidu, michael wedaa and norm bour.elephantman foundation presented ganesh boy wonder at the indian film festival of los angeles!  donate: please support our cause with monetary contribution amount of your choice through our paypal secure online donation option. if you prefer, you can make check payable to elephantman foundation, p. o. box 59594, norwalk, ca 90652-9997. vounteer:  as a grassroots nonprofit, we rely heavily on volunteers who are committed to our mission. there are many ways to get involved with our campaigns and projects no matter where you live, please email us, and if necessary we’ll get back to you as soon as possible.



posted 13 years ago

0 notes
permalink

capturing innoncence


dave naidu


elephantman foundation


ganesh boy wonder


helping 100 businesses in 100 days


iffla


idian film festival of los angeles


indian film festival


newport beach


opis network


pasadena city college


pay it forward


anarkali project


beautiful body


beautiful mind


beautiful spirit


charity


eco-conscious lifestyle


entertainment


fashion


healthy


influenza online magazine


inner beauty


inner beauty awareness


nonprofit organization


self confidence


window shopping for a cause


big photo show


wufoo








 

“over the top” psa fashion photo shoot with models evelyn garcia & janine jordon (fashion beats the flu campaign) and ocfw preview photo shoot by influenza magazine at laguna beach, ca and laguna art museum.elephant parade in dana point.photos: dewan p.



posted 13 years ago

4 notes
permalink

slideshow









partners

      



posted 13 years ago

0 notes
permalink

animoto


influenza online magazine


mad mimi


uprinting.com


wufoo












donate



				

				
					elephantman foundation | inner beauty awareness
					




						acclaim
					




						learn more about the inner beauty awareness campaign, the fashion beats the flu campaign, and influenza online magazine. 
					


						-elephantman foundation
					



 







like us on facebook


















top 5 list for inner beauty awareness




love
create
volunteer
be vegan
live fashionably conscious



















  home  
  about     projects     donate     influenza magazine     contact  



					 
						elephantman foundation raising inner beauty awareness
					 
				



© 2012 elephantman foundation
all rights reserved.
addwater powered












