




professional football researchers association- pro football history



























in the latest coffin corner (vol 28, no. 7 - december 06):

 2006 pfra writing awards
 2006 hall of very good 
          balloting
 warren rabb by jeff miller
 interview with jim brown, 
          part iii
 luggin' the leather
 turk edwards
 dick schafrath
 this game is going into 
          sudden death
 clues were three
 davey o'brien
 the other mvp


      welcome to the professional football researchers association web site. the 
      pfra is a nonprofit organization dedicated to preserving and, in some cases, 
      reconstructing professional football history. 
       pfra members receive six issues of our official newsletter-magazine, 
        the coffin corner. each issue is 24 pages crammed with pro football history: 
        articles on great players, teams, and games of the past (and some not-so-great), 
        occasionally a stat article, some opinion, and organization news. this 
        site contains articles that have appeared in the coffin corner over the 
        years, with the exception of the last couple of years. for instance, a 
        recent issue includes articles on the detroit lions' thanksgiving games, 
        the wfl's chicago fire, the ice bowl and jim brown. 
in some of the pfra articles you will also find information about european football. of course, you should be well aware that uk football is what we actually call soccer. it is the leading sport across the atlantic, and the english premier league has steadily been gaining popularity in the us too. british football offers many opportunities for sport betting fans, which makes it a hot topic for statistical research. most of the football betting sites in the uk also feature detailed articles on the game, and access to many stats, both current and historical. 
membership has its privileges. since we began in 1979, we’ve published 
        more than a thousand articles – all of which are available to members 
        for free by e-mail (or for a small fee by snail mail). that’s correct. 
        every article we’ve ever published is available to members. the 
        only restriction is that we ask members to limit their orders ti five 
        articles a week so as not to deluge our files.
 next, there’s our annual – a bonus publication. years ago, 
        the annual was used for articles too long for the corner, but as the magazine 
        grew, the annual was used for specialized publications like down payments, 
        a history of pro football in akron from 1896 through 1930, a complete 
        summary of the 1923 season. with printing costs soaring, we’ve changed 
        to making special publications available to members by e-mail.
        also available to members only upon request is an online membership list 
        that'll tell you how you can contact other folks with similar interests. 
        there are writers, historians, and, mostly, fans.



 and you get a chance to purchase our occasional special 
        publications, like the best in the west, a history of the pacific 
        coast football league, at members' rates. best, for example, is $5 to 
        members, while non-members pay $10 (in a store it'd be $14.)
 we're into our 28th year, so we must be doing something right. anyway, 
        if you decide to join the pfra, we'll be happy to have you. it'll cost 
        you $25 dues, but most of the folks who join seem to re-up every year. 
        they think it's worth it.
 either way, check out the site. there are articles on just about every 
        aspect of pro football history either here or on the way. if you're interested 
        in the people, teams and events that made the game of professional football 
        great, you'll want to bookmark this site and check back often.



 main page | 
 pfra articles | 
 join the pfra | 

 books
 search




over 100,000 pro football fans have visited the pfra site since 
  february 9, 1998.


