













the microchip company - avid identification systems inc.




















skip to main content


affected by the save this life (stl) shutdown? we’re here to help!

tap here to check your pet's micorchip id. pets registered with stl will receive a registration discount. 
we are experiencing higher than usual call volumes. your patience is appreciated. 







member login 
enroll your petfound a pet?lost a pet? 
 






main menupettrac recovery
business solutions
microchips & scanners
business store
events
  


 




































 






 
verify enrollment


enter the pet's microchip number to verify enrollment in the pettrac pet recovery network.

microchip number *

enter the 9, 10, or 15 digit microchip number. do not include symbols like spaces, dashes, hyphens, or asterisks.


leave this field blank 




questions? please call us at 1-800-336-2843. we're available 24/7, 365 days a year.


 






 
pettrac enrollment

enrolling your pet is the most important step of the microchip process. enroll your pet's microchip with pettrac™ to begin protecting your pet.already enrolled?  to update your information, click here.

lifetime enrollment with no annual fees (same account holder)
24-hour pet recovery service and hotline
dedicated pet recovery specialists
secure, private pet recovery database


enroll now

 
 




 
scanners

minitracker 4(universal fdx with bluetooth®)reads and displays all avid, fecava, trovan and iso fdx-b rfid tags. learn more >>
minitracker 3 wand(universal fdx wand with bluetooth®)wand antenna reads and displays all avid, fecava, trovan and iso fdx-b rfid tags. learn more >>
power tracker viii(wildlife avid and iso fdx)a weatherproof rfid tag reader with memory and translation. read, translate, and store up to 2000 avid, fecava, and iso fdx-b rfid tags. learn more >> 
 

 






pettrac™

recovery stories
pet registration
account login
printable forms
products and services




keeping your pets safe

the pettrac™ pet recovery process
avid friendchip™
avid collar tags
disaster preparedness
frequently asked questions








business solutions

online store
avid saves™
lookup portal
veterinarians
shelters
rescues
wildlife

microchips & scanners

overview
downloads
veterinarians
shelters
rescues
wildlife
product support
 





about avid

events
global locations

contact us

recovery story
send us a message
repair request
pettrac forms












avid identification systems, inc.
3185 hamner avenue
norco, california 92860

24/7 phone services
phone: +1-951-371-7505
toll free: 1-800-336-2843
fax: +1-951-737-8967








 




terms and conditionsprivacy policyrefund policy
copyright © 2015-2022 avid identification systems, inc. all rights reserved. 


 

 




 



