


























vancouver coastal health research institute | vchri | home







      skip to main content
    






search



search



close





























































 



main menu


about us




- open about us sub navigation




leadership


our team


vision, mission and values


health and economic impact



strategic plan




our research




- open our research sub navigation




research focus




- open research focus sub navigation




brain health


cancer


digital health and artificial intelligence


heart health


healthy aging and mobility


immune system


injury and rehabilitation


lung health


mental health and substance use





research centres and programs




- open research centres and programs sub navigation




bc centre on substance use


centre for aging smart


centre for cardiovascular innovation


centre for clinical epidemiology and evaluation


centre for lung health


djavad mowafaghian centre for brain health


immunity and infection research centre


international collaboration on repair discoveries


m. h. mohseni institute of urologic sciences


ovarian cancer research centre


community research program


emergency medicine research program


hematology research program


skin research program


other research focus areas






news and stories
researcher directory
events and workshops




research services




- open research services sub navigation




new to vchri




- open new to vchri sub navigation




working at vchri


regulations and training


membership with vchri


learning and development





starting your project




- open starting your project sub navigation




research facilitation


awards and funding


grant management


operational approval


cst cerner





developing your project




- open developing your project sub navigation




clinical trials administration


clinical research unit


research privacy


financial policies and procedures





additional support




- open additional support sub navigation




indigenous health research unit


vch-vchri ai hub


communications and media relations


study recruitment support


innovation and industry partnership






internal awards
clinical research
indigenous research




participate in research




- open participate in research sub navigation




reasons to participate


participant stories



find a study 
recruitment support






user menu


 

log in





search

 


menu


close







 








 


healthier lives through discovery
vchri is one of the top funded research institutes in canada translating health research into practice.



discover
our mission-driven community 




explore
our researcher directory 





featured item




 


type
announcement


vchri researchers awarded cihr project grants to advance health research


jan 30, 2025










turning discoveries into clinical realities


 




            health research impact
          

 

the health and well-being of a growing and aging population is a priority for the british columbian research community.



 




            culture of collaboration
          

 

the research culture at vchri is grounded in knowledge exchange, participation and empowerment. 



 




            demonstrated research excellence
          

 

vchri is one of the top funded health research institutes in canada.







researchers at vchri are generating world-class research and cutting-edge treatments. 
our researchers







news and stories










 


type
stories


calculating how the cost of medication affects asthma patient care


feb 7, 2025 asthma, patient engagement, cost savings








 


type
stories


people in profile: helen novak lauscher


feb 6, 2025 people feature








 


type
stories


preventative heart care leverages family connections


feb 4, 2025 cardiac, preventative, genetics










 


type
announcement


appointment of dr. martin gleave as chief scientific officer, m. h. mohseni institute of urologic sciences


feb 4, 2025








 


type
announcement


vchri researchers awarded cihr project grants to advance health research


jan 30, 2025 award








 


type
stories


right-side low-frequency rtms improved major depressive symptoms


jan 25, 2025 brain, depression, therapy







more news and stories









stay up to date with the latest news and events
the research insider newsletter highlights the exciting ways health outcomes are improving through health research.
subscribe now





our research
vchri has over 2,400 personnel engaged in both clinical and discovery science, dedicated to providing the best care and cutting-edge treatments. this diversity of research takes place in approximately 473,000 square feet of vchri research space across vancouver. 
our research focuses on innovation and discoveries that improve patient health, transform health systems, and directly impact health and economic outcomes.




research focus 


our researchers investigate core areas of critical importance in combating diseases and improving well-being. 




research centres and programs 


across 14 research units, we support the scientific activities of multidisciplinary health care professionals.




meet our researchers 


explore our directory of researchers by name or areas of research expertise.




innovation and industry partnerships 


discover our services for investigators and industry as we collaborate with partners across the life sciences ecosystem.









research services
vchri provides specialized administrative services and supports to help our diverse community of researchers, trainees and staff manage their projects from planning to publication.
learn more



new to vchri






learn about the training and mandatory courses required to get you started.

working at vchri >
regulations and training >
membership with vchri >
learning and development >



starting your project






connect with experts to help develop your research question and find funding opportunities to support your project.
research facilitation > 
awards and funding >
grant management >
operational approval >



developing your project






get guidance on conducting your research in accordance with vchri, vch/ubc standards, policies, and best practices. 
clinical trials administration >
clinical research unit >
research privacy >
financial policies and procedures >



additional support






discover professional development opportunities and find resources on how to share your findings with the public. 
indigenous health research unit >
communication and media relations >
study recruitment support >
innovation and industry partnership >








participate in research
you don’t have to be a scientist to be part of a medical breakthrough. lend a hand today for a healthier tomorrow.
find a study   participant stories














get updates!
join our newsletter mailing list to stay up to date on features and releases.
subscribe


quick links


news and stories


careers


events


media enquiries




follow us

x
linkedin






 





© 2025 vchri. all rights reserved.





contact


privacy policy











