


john 3:16 - the gospel in a nutshell












john 3:16 - the gospel in a nutshell
john3-16.net




for god so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
 john 3:16















where were you when i laid the foundations of the earth? declare, if you have understanding. . .when the morning stars sang together. and all the sons of god shouted for joy. 
job 38:4, 7








predestination

www.john3-16.net

wwwbillygraham.com

www.christiantopics.net




a harmony of the gospels

www.thedailydevotional.net

www.thedailydevotional.org

www.wereweonceangels.com




heart of the bride

a home for children

www.thepassover.com

www.isaiah7-14.com






the messiah: i am that i am




the bible, especially the old testament, is like a giant jigsaw puzzle without the picture on the box. it also could be compared to a treasure hunt. god did not make certain things easy to find, but he did not make it impossible either. he has now, however, made the most important things crystal clear: repent of your sins and turn to christ in "child" like faith, and love him and your neighbor as yourself.      



a summary of the bible





there was a time when nothing but god and his thoughts existed. and god, who is “one” and
without beginning, has always existed as a trinity—or he became a trinity. “in the beginning was
the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god.” the word of god made “all
things.” the “beginning of the creation of god” may have been the visible  “image of the invisible god,” the “bright and morning star” of revelation 22:16.




then god created the “sons of god,” who had freedom of thought and would exist forever. it seems the first created was lucifer, the “anointed cherub,” who was “perfect” in his ways until “iniquity” was found in him. god charged his sons “with folly,” and many turned against him. so god implemented his plan of "grace" to forgive and spiritually recreate all his sons. he “knew” who would accept and hoped that all would. he promised the “elect” eternal life “before the world began.” we were "predestined" to become the recreated sons of god through a new birth, a “new spirit.” he “first loved us” before we loved him, but we chose him so he chose “us before the foundation of the world.” it may have been like in the days of joshua, when he said: "choose you this day whom you will serve."    




god created the earth but it became “without form and void” because of the rebellion led by
lucifer, who was renamed satan. then the holy spirit began recreating the earth, and man was created at the end of the sixth day and told to “replenish the earth.” it seems this is when the spirit of the sons of god began to be placed in human flesh, and man became “a living soul.” 




adam and eve were created as mature persons. eve was deceived by satan through the serpent and the first prophecy about a deliverer from sin
was given. a unique descendant of eve would be bruised by satan but her descendant would crush
the serpent’s “head.” in time god would establish the nation of israel through abraham, isaac and jacob, through which “christ, the saviour of the world” would come. the visible image of the lord had appeared on earth in the form of man on rare occasions; but now he would become a man—a man of flesh and blood and bones. the eternal spirit of the lord was incarnated in a virgin. he became the son of man, the son of god, and god in the flesh. "and the word was made flesh, and dwelt among us." the bible says: "god was manifest in the flesh."  




the lord came to israel, but they rejected and crucified him on a cross, breaking no bones but piercing his flesh and shedding his blood. writing hundreds of years before it happened, the prophet isaiah said: “he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed. . . . and he made his grave with the wicked, and with the rich in his death.”




his "soul" was delivered from "hell" and his body was raised from the grave. it was raised a "perfected" but a scarred body of "flesh and bones," never to die again. then he returned to heaven to establish his kingdom in the hearts of believers. “he was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not. he came to his own, and his own received him not. but as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of god, even to them that believe on his name.” because of sin the sons of god became dead to god. but the father says to the repentant son, “for this my son was dead, and is alive again; he was lost, and is found.”  




the death of herod and his son, who ruled over judah from "abhorrent" samaria, was a "sign" that a "virgin" had conceived and god was with them, fulfilling isaiah 7:14-16. sixty five years later another sign was given that god had come in the flesh. samaria was destroyed, fulfilling isaiah 7:8-9. then jerusalem was destroyed and the children of israel were scattered into the nations of the world.




after many years god brought the jews back to the land he promised abraham’s second-born, isaac. the bible predicted they would return to israel and be invaded in the “latter days” after a time of false peace. concerning ishmael, abraham’s first-born, god said: “and he will be a wild man; his
hand will be against every man.” 




when israel gives up the most holy part of their land to the descendants of ishmael, the arabs, and says “peace and safety, then sudden destruction” will come upon israel and the whole world, a time of “tribulation” like the world has never seen. in fact, unless the lord did not return, no one would survive. many believe just before the great tribulation all true believers in christ will be raptured to heaven without seeing death. a “great multitude” will turn to christ after the rapture but most will die in the tribulation, many being killed for their faith. 




the lord will return and set foot on “the mount of olives.” then israel will finally see that jesus
is the messiah, the sinless lamb of god who died for their sins. the apostle paul says, “for i would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to israel, until the fullness of the gentiles be come in. and so all israel shall be saved; as it is written, there shall come out of zion the deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness
from jacob: for this is my covenant unto them, when i shall take away their sins.”




the bible does not teach reincarnation; but it seems that god has allowed one to disprove reincarnation and prove another point—hell will not change a person. the antichrist may be a reincarnation of judas. in the middle of the seven year tribulation, also known as daniel's 70th week, the antichrist will be killed and the spirit of judas will be returned to hell. then satan will enter and raise his body from the dead. just as god became flesh, it will be satan in the flesh. he will sit in the rebuilt temple in jerusalem and claim to be "god." and "all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the lamb slain from the foundation of the world." 




when christ returns he will destroy the antichrist, bind satan in hell, and set up the second phase of his kingdom. we, the redeemed, will “reign” with him and there will be peace on earth for a “thousand” years. isaiah says, “and he shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many peoples; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning hooks; nations shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.”




at the end of the millennium satan will be let loose from hell and lead the final rebellion, proving again that hell itself cannot rehabilitate. but the lord will strike him a fatal blow at his coming on the “last day.” then christ will set up the eternal and final phase of the kingdom of god. the apostle john says, “and i saw a new heaven and a new earth...and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain; for the former things are
passed away.” 




when all is said and done no one is going to be saved or lost by chance. it will be by choice; for god is “not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.” the new heaven
and earth will be filled with the resurrected repentant who have truly turned to christ. hell will be
filled with the unrepentant who have rejected the father’s way of salvation through the cross, which
enabled the holy spirit to recreate and unite with our spirit. one day he will change our “corruptible” body into a “perfected” eternal body like the lord has now, which was also made possible by the cross. 




on the “last day” all the unrepentant will be raised, probably as mature adults, only to experience the “second death.” then their spirit, which was made for “eternity” and apparently cannot be extinguished, will be imprisoned in an eternal “lake of fire” and sent on an endless journey to nowhere. everyone will “confess” that jesus is lord, but not all will make him lord. they regret that “body and soul” will “perish” and that they will miss heaven, but they do not want to change their ways. this is the “mystery of iniquity,” which began
before the world began. 



where were you when i laid the 
foundations of the earth? 
declare, if you have 
understanding. 
job 38:4 



romans 3:23 says, "all have sinned, and come short of the glory of god." verse 6:23 says, "the wages of sin is death; but the gift of god is eternal life through jesus christ our lord."



john 3:16 has been called "the gospel in a nutshell." the word "gospel" means "good news." and it is good news that "whosoever shall call on the name of the lord shall be saved" and have  
everlasting life.



for more on the summary above, see
www.wereweonceangels.com



scripture references, kjv   genesis 1:1-2; 1:28; 2:7; 3:15, 16:11-12, joshua 24:15, 1 kings 18:21, job 4:18; 38:4-7,psalms 16:9-10, ecclesiastes 3:11 (nkjv), isaiah 2:4; 7:1-16; 14:12-14; 53:5, jeremiah 1:5; 4:23, ezekiel 11:19; 28:14-15; 38, zechariah 14:4, matthew 1:20-23; 2:20; 10:28; 24:21-22, mark 13, luke 13:32, luke 24:39, john 1:1-14, john 3:16; 4:42; 6:39-40; 8:44; 15:24; 17:22, acts 2:21, 2:27, romans 8:29-30; 11:25-27, 1 corinthians 15:51-57, ephesians 1:4-5, philippians 2:9-11, colossians 1:15-17, 1 thessalonians 4:15-17; 5:1-3; 5:23, 2 thessalonians 2:4, 2:7, 1 timothy 3:16, 2 timothy 1:9, titus 1:1-2, hebrews 4:12, 1 peter 1:19-20, 2 peter 3:9, 1 john 4:19, revelation 3:14; 5:8-10; 6:9-11; 7:9-17; 13:8, 17:8; 20; 21:1-8; 22:16.    




john 3:16 is the most famous verse in all the world. in the early days of the internet dr. tim lee of england had the foresight to purchase john316.com, and he graciously gave it to me for a few roses for his wife and sister. below are some links that were used on his site.   


one solitary life
testimony of a friend
why are we called john316?
michael's angels: a story about disability 
through the roof uk: a disability outreach charity



the publisher of john316.com and john3-16.net controls the domains below and redirects to other christian web sites from time to time, at no charge.  





www.john316.net
www.john316.org
www.john316.info
www.john316.me
www.john316.biz
www.john316.tv
www.john3-16.tv
www.john3-16.co
www.john3-16.ws


www.johnthreesixteen.net
www.johnthreesixteen.org
www.johnthreesixteen.info
www.johnthreesixteen.me
www.johnthreesixteen.biz
www.johnthreesixteen.tv
www.johnthreesixteen.ws


español / spanish 
www.juan316.us
www.juan3-16.us
www.juan316.biz
www.juan3-16.biz
www.juan316.info
www.juan3-16.info






it is written, eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which god hath prepared for them that love him (1 corinthians 2:9).



email: harwell2@bellsouth.net

top of page


the gospel in a nutshell - john 3:16 





