















joel de la fuente - joel de la fuente



















































   






home
bio
resume
reel
reviews
contact


 hai kakka
 that is very… troubling


 


select page


  
 



 



 










joel de la fuente
 
 
 
 
 



joel de la
fuente
 
 
 
 



joel de la
fuente
 
 
 
 
 




currently on:
amazon studios’ emmy-winning drama, the man in the high castle  as chief inspector takeshi kido
 
 
 
 


currently on:
amazon studios’ emmy-winning drama, the man in the high castle  as chief inspector takeshi kido
 
 
 
 
 





 

biography
joel de la fuente




joel de la fuente is a new york-based actor who can be seen on two emmy award- winning original series: as chief inspector takeshi kido in amazon studio’s “the man in the high castle” and in “hemlock grove,” as dr. johann pryce, on netflix.
selected new york theatrical credits include: “hold these truths” (new york premiere, drama desk nomination: best solo performance); ivanov in“ivanov” (mint theater/naatco, jonathan bank, dir.); “the downtownplays” (tribeca theater festival, john rando, dir.); claudio in “beatrice and benedict” with the new york philharmonic (conducted by sir colin davis); “the square” (lisa petersen, dir.); “america dreaming” (michael mayer, dir.); valentine in “the two gentlemen of verona” (nysf, adrian hall, dir.); iago in “othello” (naatco, jonathan bank, dir.).




 
 
 






joel’s work on the jeanne sakata-written/lisa rothe-directed, “hold these truths” has spanned more than eight years. the highly acclaimed one-person play detailing the life of american hero gordon hirabayashi has performed in more than a dozen venues all over the country. mr. de la fuente creates more than 35 characters over the course of the 90 minute play, in a performance critics have called, “a tour de force,” and “a master class in acting.”
joel has appeared in several productions with the national asian american theater company and in 2005 served as its artistic associate, appearing in the world premiere of “cowboy v. samurai” and in the title role of the critically acclaimed production of chekhov’s “ivanov.” joel’s last appearance with naatco was in the caryl churchill play, “a number,” alongside obie-award winner james saito.




​
 
 



 
 




 





on television, joel spent ten seasons appearing as taru technician ruben morales in “law & order: special victims unit.” he was a series regular on fox tv’s, “space: above & beyond” playing lt. paul wang and had recurring roles on various series, including “manifest,” sidney lumet’s “100 centre street,” “e.r.” steven spielberg’s “high incident,” and as the controversial, but sictional, president of the philippines in “madam secretary.” guest spots recently include appearances on ‘new amsterdam,” “manifest,” “the blacklist,” “blue bloods,” “limitless,” “game of silence,” and “bull.”
on screen, he stars in the feature silm “brief reunion,” currently available on pay- per-view (garnering the audience choice award for the gotham international film festival and best narrative film award from the university film and video association). other selected silm credits include: “personal velocity” (sundance








grand jury winner); “the adjustment bureau”; “the happening”; “return to paradise”; and “red sparrow,” starring jennifer lawrence, among others. later this year, he will appear in the peter hedges silm dealing with life under quarantine, “the same storm.”




 
 
 
 













as a writer, joel’s essay on his experiences as an asian american actor is published in pyong gap min’s “struggle for ethnic identity,” and he is a co-writer of “life document 2: identity” with pulitzer prize winner ayad akthar, which won the columbia students award for best film in 2002.
joel is an alumnus of the north shore country day school, brown university, and the graduate acting program at n.y.u. he lives in maplewood, new jersey with his wife, melissa, and two dogs and is the proud parent of two amazing young women, elena and tallulah.








 
 
 


view joel's reel

 

view joel's resume

 
 


find me @joeldelafuente    
 
management:
principal entertainment la
atil singh
jacob hastad
310-446-1466
9255 sunset blvd, suite 500
la, ca 90069
 
 
 
 



 
 
  


 
 
 




©  2019  all rights reserved    crafted & maintained with care by  nook design studio   photography by harold julian  

 
 
 











