








successful blog - successful-blog is the home of geniusshared.









































































 
 



successful blog
 here is a good place for a call to action.


home
community
about
author guidelines
liz’s book
stay tuned
successful blog
the home of geniusshared, where you're only a stranger once.

recent posts
how to get paid for sharing your travel storiesi think there is a lot of misunderstanding about the realistic expectations of travel writing and blogging. for many travelers it is a dream to eventually get paid to traverse the globe. some people manage […]
7 reasons why visitors leave websites for everwhen i built my first website in 2003, none of the tools we have today existed. wordpress was a newborn and you had to know html! for an entire week, i worked my butt off […]
nonprofits and social media: which sites work best for npos (and why the answer isn’t all of them)social media is a must for nonprofit organizations (npos). npos have to get in the social media game if they want to stay relevant and grow their donor base with the up and coming (of […]
are complaints the biggest social media traffic drivers?have you ever had the opportunity to moan about something via social media? did you do it? put your hand up if the answer is yes… was it the stale bread in your lunchtime snack, […]
your company blog – why it’s still your online marketing hubwith all of the excitement about facebook, twitter and now, linkedin, you might get so distracted that you forget about your blog. big mistake! your company blog is the best asset that your company has […]
5 reasons your company should not use online videosthere are a lot of very good reasons to use online videos for your company, and it has been effective for both b2b and b2c companies.   however, the internet is littered with videos that should […]
how to choose (and use) the best tools for your businesstools have the power to either make your life simpler, or more complicated, depending on what you choose. that is why making the right choice is important. here are my top tips on finding what […]
watch your tone! finding your brand voicewhether you realize it or not, your brand has a tone of voice. you may have a hard time identifying it, but you can bet your customers are aware of it.  the good news is […]
10 social media reporting apps you can’t live another day withoutdo you have a dedicated social media reporting app? if the answer is no, i have only one question for you: how are you getting through the day?! social media campaigns are no longer just […]
how to create unique photos for your site (even if you’re not a pro)i remember growing up i always wanted to be a photographer. i would take my family’s little camera with its rolls of carefully inserted film, and snap shots of everything and anything. my happiest moments […]
effective social media promotion for fiction writersonce you’ve taken the time to sketch characters and a plot, weave a story around it all, and come out the other side with a completed masterpiece in hand, you may feel like your job […]
top 5 email holiday prep tips – don’t forget the basicsone of the only things that stands between us wrapping up this insane year is what we’re all describing as an unprecedented holiday shopping season. tons of survey data has been released, numerous predictions have […]
6 keys to managing your remote workforceimagine how to manage a team at this office: everyone arrives to the building, has their own parking spot physically sectioned off from everyone else; a walled-off path that leads to their own desk, in […]
face identification a security risk?when facebook introduced its facial recognition service, there were concerns over privacy issues. but facebook officials told users they could prevent being tagged in the photos if they indicated they did not want to be […]
how to build income with your blogare you passionate in one topic and want to spread your passion to others? do you want to make money from your passion? you can do it simply by starting a blog. yes, blogging can […]

facebookflickrinstagramtwitter
what is an sob?!
sob a-z directory
letting liz be
© 2025  me strauss & geniusshared  
















