







online real estate courses




























menu





home


courses


exam prep


books


news


laws


support


contact




log in














the real estate school, inc. has been training florida real estate professionals for more than 30 years. we offer online courses and classroom courses.
 
sales associate course
(the first license)
have it your way! we've got you covered no matter how you want to take it -  daytime or evening classroom courses or online.
classroom - be in the center of the action! 
it's true, some students simply do better in a classroom. our instructors have years of experience in real estate sales, brokerage operations, and finance. our sales associate and exam prep courses will help you pass the state exam and get going in real estate. daytime and evening classes are available. 
enroll now!
online sales associate pre-licensing course
take your license course online, any time, day or night! fulfills the florida real estate commission's education requirement for all persons wanting to become licensed sales associates (real estate agents) in florida. available online whenever you're ready to work on it. 
enroll now!

broker course (the next step)
classroom - enjoy learning and networking! 
our instructors have years of experience in real estate sales, brokerage operations, and finance. our sales associate and exam prep courses will help you pass the state exam and get going in real estate. 
enroll now!
online 72-hour broker pre-licensing course.
fulfills the florida real estate commission's (frec) education requirement for becoming a florida broker. available online whenever you're ready to work on it. 
enroll now!

sales associate post-licensing courses (first renewal)
classroom - 45-hour post-licensing course in the classroom
our instructors are personable and knowledgeable, with years of experience in the fields of real estate sales and brokerage operations. with classes taught by experienced professionals, we've got you covered with sales associate and exam prep courses. 
 enroll now!  
online 45-hour post-licensing course
fulfills the florida real estate commission's (frec) education requirement for a sales associate's first renewal. available online. tuition starts at just $175.
tuition special-limited time only — $125. 
enroll now!

broker post-licensing courses (first renewal)
online broker post-licensing course
take your 60-hour post-licensing requirement online. our two 30-hour courses fulfill the florida real estate commission's (frec) education requirement for florida broker post-licensing education. tuition starts at just $165 per course.
tuition special-limited time only — $125 for each 30 hours
enroll now!

continuing education
have it your way, take your 14-hour continuing education course by correspondence or take it online! this course includes 8 hours of specialty education, 3-hours of core law, and 3 hours of ethics and business practices.
get more information and order your course

reactivation education    
28-hour reactivation education online - this course is for persons whose license is involuntary inactive.
save your license by enrolling now!







news
sellers of residential real estate must disclose flood risks to potential buyers.hb 1049 is a florida bill that mandates sellers of residential real estate to disclose flood risks to potential buyers. it...full storywhat should i ask my prospective broker?while hard work and good contacts can help you succeed during
your first years in the real estate business, probably the...full storyshow and tellseasoned real estate agents know there are many bumps and
obstacles on the path to the closing of a sale. disclosure...full story



exam prep superstore

we've got all the exam prep software, books, audio cds, cd-roms and textbooks you need to pass your real estate exams the first time.

florida broker exam prep cd-rom.
florida sales associate exam prep cd-rom.
florida mutual recognition exam prep cd-rom.
florida real estate exam review manual.
florida real estate exam prep audio mp3s and books.
take the free 100-question practice exam.





free resources

can't find a florida real estate commission form or need to know the location of your nearest testing center?

take the free 100-question practice exam.
florida real estate commission forms.
florida exam testing locations.
fl sales associate and broker exam candidate handbook.
florida real estate commission statutes and rules.
apply online to take or retake your florida real estate licensing exam.





help

thinking of getting into the real estate business, but don't know where to start? here's a guide to the steps you should take.

qualifications and requirements for obtaining a florida real estate license.

step by step - how to get your florida real estate license.
real estate career information and statistics.
everything you need to know about licensing: faqs from the florida real estate commission.
log in to your online course.














featured product


online questions and answers to help you pass the florida real estate license exam
new mobile-friendly version!
a great companion to any frec approved pre-licensing course. we developed our online exam prep software specifically to help you pass the state of florida's sales associate, broker, and mutual recognition licensing exams. you can create tests from specific categories of questions or random selections from all categories. missed questions can be manually or automatically marked for later review. all marked questions from various quizzes end up in a single review group and remain in your review group until you remove them. works with virtually any internet-connected device. all you need is an internet connection and a browser. save your tests at any time and pick up where you left off on any internet-connected device! 

sales associate version
broker version
mutual recognition version 









about us

a career in real estate starts with the real estate school. we offer real estate pre-license, post-license and continuing education courses in the classroom, by live streaming, and also provide online courses for real estate professionals.
please take a few minutes to explore our site. you will find information on our school, our course offerings and our instructors, as well as important resources for real estate professionals such as links to real estate laws and other industry-related sites.
conveniently located across from leon high school in tallahassee, at 545 east tennessee street, suite 100-c. we have been training real estate professionals in north florida for more than 30 years. we have helped more students obtain real estate licenses than any other school in the area. you'll love the wall-to-wall windows with tree-top views. our instructors are personable and knowledgeable, with years of experience in the fields of real estate sales, brokerage and appraisal.

we realize that choosing the best real estate school can be a tough decision. we encourage you to see what our students have to say about us. if you're in the tallahassee region and considering taking one of our classroom courses, feel free to call a few local brokers and ask them which real estate school they would recommend. we're confident they will send you to us.
 
if you have any questions that have not been answered by your visit to our site, please contact us and let us know.

 







 










© copyright 2025 — the real estate school, inc.







privacy policy


terms & conditions


contact us










