





special ed connection









































already a subscriber?
login





see how special ed connection℠ can help you lead a compliant special education program and support your district’s special education staff —
get free access now.
special ed connection is the go-to online source for guidance on all your special education challenges — and the only source you need to keep current on education policy and legal developments. relied on by more than 2,500 school districts, it’s the fastest, easiest, most authoritative way to stay connected to everything happening in special education:
top











 





get empowered to successfully address the legal and implementation issues of serving students with disabilities with guidance on all of your special education administrative responsibilities.





tackle everyday compliance issues

 



explanations of idea, ada, ferpa and other laws impacting special education



best practices to meet legal and regulatory mandates



insights from special education, section 504 and rti experts








stay current

 



news alerts on trump administration policy changes



updates on issues in congress, osers/osep, ocr and other federal agencies



up-to-date guidance on the new section 504 regulations










lead and support staff

 



case-based insights to help staff avoid missteps that lead to litigation



ready-to-use charts, checklists and forms to ensure consistency and efficiency



professional development tools to increase staff capacity








learn lessons from case law

 



summaries and full-text of judicial decisions and administrative rulings



"what it means" explanation of each case's key points in a few sentences



searchable access to decisions and rulings from all states and territories










implement appropriate and effective services

 



real-life examples of districts’ successful practices



action steps to individualize student services



attorneys' solutions to core special education challenges








save time

 



special education news, guidance and resources all in one place



easy-to-use searching of all the tools on the site



unlimited, free research assistance











 


your peers already turn to special ed connection … here's your chance to join them — for free!




		    our partners and more than 75,000 educators across the country turn to special ed connection for guidance and tools to serve their students with disabilities effectively and in compliance:
		    









“when i’m in a quandary over how to handle a situation, i turn to lrp and special ed connection for guidance … and they never fail me.”




suzie bateman, director of special education
georgetown county school district, s.c.


           






fill out the form above to get free 5-day full access! 
				or call 1-800-341-7874 to speak with a special ed connection specialist.







sign up to receive free weekly special ed e-news to your email inbox, which gives  you a preview of news articles and case files that are offered on the special ed connection website. join our email list



				   © 2025 lrp media group. 
		





join our email list 




















