














dreamwrecks


 







shipwrecks

dominique


cathy


the book


tv show















shipwrecks

dominique


cathy


the book


tv show






























these are dreamwrecks!
underwater artists dominique serafini and cathy salisbury have captured some of the most spectacular shipwrecks of the world. their paintings, illustrations and photographs tell the stories of these sunken vessels, transformed under the sea into artificial reefs and shelters for marine life. below are the stories of the wrecks of aruba, bonaire and curaçao, taken from their book about the region. as this website develops, you will see stories of shipwrecks from all across the caribbean, the mediterranean and the south pacific, where dominique and cathy have continued their adventures.











these are dreamwrecks!
underwater artists dominique serafini and cathy salisbury have captured some of the most spectacular shipwrecks of the world. their paintings, illustrations and photographs tell the stories of these sunken vessels, transformed under the sea into artificial reefs and shelters for marine life. below are the stories of the wrecks of aruba, bonaire and curaçao, taken from their book about the region. as this website develops, you will see stories of shipwrecks from all across the caribbean, the mediterranean and the south pacific, where dominique and cathy have continued their adventures.
























the castor, boynton beach, florida
in the last 20 years, the wreck has been broken up by hurricanes. now only the stern of the ship stands upright and is the groupers favorite place to seek refuge. 















anna cecilia, palm beach, florida
while the summer season in palm beach florida is at its peak, an extraordinary natural event is taking place underwater. this is the spawning period for the goliath grouper and the result is one of the most spectacular underwater shows on the planet.















el aguila, roatan
broken by a hurricane just one year after it sank, the mangled hull of el aguila is a great habitat for marine life.















the odyssey, roatan
in gin-clear water, this ship’s massiveness is overwhelming. 















the prince albert, roatan
the nutrients of the channel have made this wreck a magnet for macro life. 















uss kittiwake, grand cayman
the sight of the kittiwake resting next to the reef in the white caribbean sand surrounded by crystal clear blue water is truly phenomenal.















the carrie lee, grand cayman
hanging on an angle over the edge of the abyss, the carrie lee looks like at any moment could slide and plummet into the deep blue. gone for ever.















the doc poulson, grand cayman
a colourful dive on cayman island's cutest wreck.















ss sapona, bimini
ss sapona was a concrete-hulled cargo steamer that ran aground near bimini during a hurricane in 1926. the wreck of the ship is easily visible above the water, and is both a navigational landmark for boaters and a popular dive site. 















the willaurie, bahamas
where once the inter-island mail was stored is now a spectacular underwater cage, covered by sponges and corals.















ray of hope, bahamas
twice a day, the boats from stuart cove’s go out, ready to have a close encounter with caribbean reef sharks. and what better location than the ray of hope wreck.















vulcan bomber, bahamas
bahamas reefs are as star-studded as topside nassau. 















prisoner plane, st thomas usvi
our attention turned to this new wreck as we tried our diy investigative skills. 















the fearless,  bvis
a night dive on the sister ship of the calypso brings back haunting memories.















the chikuzen,  bvis
ironically, schools of fish now seek shelter in this ship that once served as a refrigerator vessel for the fishing industry. 















the rocus, anegada  bvi
a dive through this eerie underwater ossuary is like a walk through the catacombs of paris. 















the christena, nevis
on august 1, 1970 nevis was changed forever, when most people from the island lost a loved-one in this tragic inter-island ferry disaster. 















rick's h, bequia
the southern tip of bequia is a navigational trap for those in a hurry to arrive at admiralty bay.















ss antilles, mustique
 why the captain of the ss antilles decided to sail into the narrow, shallow strait is still not known. 















the rose - carriacou
















the twin tugs - carriacou
two is company, three is a crowd, except when it comes to tugboat wrecks!















the veronica l, grenada
the veronica l originally sunk at the site of the future cruise ship terminal in st georges.















the shakem, grenada
the solidified bags of cement in the hull are well organized into piles, as if they are ready to be off-loaded at the next harbour.















the hema 1, grenada
hema 1 is a favorite resting place for nurse sharks, which come in large numbers. 















the san juan, grenada
swimming in perfect unison, the atlantic spadefish perform a ballet for visiting divers.















the king mitch, grenada
the atlantic side of grenada is home to several world-class shipwrecks and one of the best is the king mitch.















the wit shoal, usvis
orange cup coral decorate the caribbean’s most colourful, coral encrusted wreck.















rms rhone, british virgin islands
the archipelago of the bvis is a very popular tourist area for the wealthy. living in luxury villas on the islands and at sea, catamarans glide between the islands on turquoise water. living the dream! but this dream can turn into a nightmare when a hurricane sweeps through the islands, as did on the night in 1867 when the rhone sunk.















m/v captain keith tibbetts, cayman brac
in september 1996, a russian military frigate, known as russian destroyer #356, was sunk in cayman brac to make an artificial reef. 















the paramatta, anegada bvi
anegada island’s fringing coral reef along the northern coast of the british viirgin islands is reputed to be a cemetery of boats. since the 15th century, hundreds of boats have been stranded and sank in this barely visible trap just beneath the surface.















the bianca c, grenada
in october 1961, 362 cruise ship passengers found themselves on the docks of st george, grenada, in their pyjamas, wondering what had happened to their caribbean cruise.















the roraima, martinique
even though the lionfish have replaced the sailors and passengers, their phantoms still haunt this dramatic wreck that sank in 1902.















the nahoon, martinique
upright with two of the three masts and rigging in place, it is a wonderful and surrealist sight! it appears like the nahoon has continued it’s sail-worthy journey into another world. 















the tamaya, martinique
in 1902, the eruption of mount pelée devastated the city of saint-pierre in martinique. with 33,000 deaths, this natural disaster is one of the most deadly in the history of mankind. all the ships at anchor in the bay sunk, creating a shipwreck graveyard at the bottom of the sea. the last to be discovered was the mysterious tamaya.















the windjammer, bonaire
in december 1912, a three-mast clipper named the mairi bahn arrived on the island of bonaire. little did the captain know that this would be her final port of call.















the hilma hooker, bonaire
start with a beautiful caribbean coral reef. add some crystal-clear water, a bunch of bandits and a cargo of colombian contraband. stir well. the result—an intriguing episode in bonairian dive history and a wreck called the hilma hooker.
















our confidence, bonaire
upright, intact and home to goliath groupers, angelfish, moray eels, barracudas and schools of fish.















spelonk wrecks, bonaire
if you’re not afraid of the wind and the current, try your luck on the windward side of bonaire for some of the lesser-known shipwrecks and other surprises.
















hotel alley wrecks, bonaire
sometimes small wrecks are enough of a shelter to attract marine life, making for fantastic diving. 















the galleon fleet, las aves
forty miles east of bonaire, a large semi-submerged coral reef faintly peeps above the surface of the sea. this very dangerous and practically invisible reef has been known for centuries as a navigational trap. in its coral clutches lie the remains of an expedition by the french that could have changed the destiny of the southern caribbean.
















the antilla, aruba
beneath the surface of the clear caribbean sea, close to the spectacular white sand beaches of aruba, sleep some fabulous historic shipwrecks. the wreck of the antilla serves as a testimony to the tumultuous past of this beautiful island, dating back to the second world war.
















the jane sea, aruba
among the wrecks that have been sunk for the pleasure of divers are the jane sea, the debby ii and the star gerren. aruba’s celebrity from wreck diving is clearly deserved with ships like these making up the diving menu.















plane wreck, aruba
this airplane wreck is surreal - it rests on its landing gear and has its nose pointing in the air, as though it is ready to take off for open water from the coral reef.















the superior producer, curaçao
the superior producer was not a glorious military frigate or a proud sailing vessel. it was a boat with a simple purpose and no real story—until one christmas when it sunk.
















seaquarium tugboats, curaçao
a pair of tugboats with beautiful orange cup coral awaits you at the bottom of the seaquarium wall in curaçao.















little tug, curaçao
curaçao  is truly the island of tugboat wrecks. there’s the saba tugboat, the seaquarium barges, the vaersen bay barge… and still, one even more popular one. 















car pile, curaçao
 if you’ve ever dreamed of simultaneously diving and driving, this is the place for you. 






↑back to top










                  © 2020 cathy salisbury, dominique serafini
                











