
































































ithaca college | tops in undergraduate teaching














        skip to main content
      














   athletics



   alumni



   events



   news



   giving





   tools



icon / caret
created with sketch.











   directories



   campus map



   course catalog



   apps



   intercom







   visit



   apply



icon / caret
created with sketch.











   undergraduate



   graduate














icon / menu
created with sketch.















icon / close
created with sketch.













   admission



icon / caret
created with sketch.











   life at ic



   undergraduate admission



   graduate admission



   tuition & financial aid



   visit





   academics



icon / caret
created with sketch.











   business



   communications



   health sciences and human performance



   humanities and sciences



   music, theatre, and dance





   ic resources



   about



icon / caret
created with sketch.











   office of the president



   ithaca college at a glance



   awards and accolades



   five-year strategic plan





   fall orientation




icon / search















search





































                          discover all you can be at ic!

          


get ready to thrive with our exceptional academic opportunities — and form lifelong bonds.


   apply today






home






 








        unlock your true potentialat ithaca college

  

                at ithaca college, you’ll transform daily experiences into storyboards, compositions, and business plans. you’ll discover opportunities to learn in late-night conversations or courtside chats.  you’ll expand your potential and unlock your whole self.

          








      a home away from home
  

ithaca college is a place where you can find a home being exactly who you are.




play button
click to play










































academic programs and schools



we offer more than 70 academic programs in our five schools led by expert faculty who are committed to you and your future.


   see programs, schools, and faculty











search majors and minors


search majors



icon / search













use our search tool to find more than 140 majors, minors, and other program options.









        push boundaries, unearth discoveries

  

                our community thrives as students form connections, ask questions, uncover solutions, and challenge the status quo. we celebrate achievements while aiming for more progress and new discoveries ahead.

          









    290+
  

    hands-on spaces
  

studios, stages, clinics, and laboratories help you hone your craft, whether you’re in the arts, health fields, business, media, or sciences.




    $215m
  

    overall
  

awards were made in grants, scholarships, loans, and work-study to ic students last year.




    150
  

    waterfalls near campus
  

natural splendor is never in short supply in ithaca, including cascading water. "ithaca is gorges” for a reason.


























admission



we’re a natural home for thinkers and explorers. choose from more than 70 undergraduate majors and 12 graduate degrees, and work with mentors who will support and stretch your talents.













undergraduate admission


on our collaborative campus, undergraduates work alongside faculty—and one another—in more than 70 majors and 70 minors, student organizations, and other exciting opportunities to spark questions and inspire solutions.  




graduate admission


develop your expertise and invigorate your long-term potential with professional degree programs, practical leadership courses, and specialized certificates. 













cost + financial aid


paying for college can feel overwhelming. our office is here to help you determine costs and navigate financial aid applications.





scholarships


our scholarships for new students are offered to those who excel in academics, artistic talent, community service, and leadership—or meet special circumstances. 




visit us!


experience the power of ic’s eclectic and energized community! plan a tour on campus, or check out one of our virtual tours.














  ithaca commitment


no surprises. no secrets. no stress. know the full cost of your next four years—from day one.  at ithaca college we want to make figuring out how much your education will cost a little easier.simplified financial aid processfour-year financial forecastone-on-one financial aid appointmentsa free ic advantage course you can take online the summer before your first semester


   more about our commitment to you






        create your own story

  

                in the pursuit of progress, you’ll write adventures and overcome obstacles in new ways. whether you have goals in place or you haven’t decided what your future holds, opportunities at ithaca will allow you to explore your potential to its fullest.

          












find your passion


“what do i want to do with my life—and how can i do it?” "what are my career possibilities?" mentors in our center for career exploration and development can help.


   visit our career center








discover your community


build your leadership skills and expand your social circles through 200+ student organizations, clubs, and service opportunities.


   learn about student organizations








design your life


join our vibrant residential community. live and learn, meet new friends, and attend lectures,  performances, and other fun events.


   see what campus life has to offer


























life at ic



explore our distinctive community. revel in the music. head to a game. join a service saturday. we’re a natural habitat for next-gen thinkers, innovators, performers, and seekers looking to make things happen.


   immerse yourself in life at ic












center for student success


we help students strategize and connect with ic resources that support academic, social, and financial wellness.




health, wellness, and support


we offer an extensive array of mental and physical wellness services including counseling, coaching, and fitness centers.




about ithaca, new york


"gorge-ous" ithaca, new york, has been ranked a #1 college town in the u.s. there's a good chance you won't run out of new things to do or places to explore.











      spotlights: the ithaca college story
  

              a collection of introductions to the ithaca college story—about those who continue to write it. meet students, faculty, alumni, and other ic community members who took risks, embraced setbacks, and iterated their way to success.
          









      antara sen & beth ellen clark joseph

  

    landing out-of-this-world opportunities
  


        on a nasa mission, antara sen ’22 and professor beth ellen clark joseph set national research and lifelong friendship into motion.


   read on









      nick capodilupo

  

    daring stages and stadiums
  


        nick capodilupo ‘24 found his voice and his vigor as a vocal performance major and football player at ithaca college.


   read on









      kara cusolito & aaron munzer

  

    growing the future 
  


        whether feature writing or farming, ic alumni kara cusolito ’08 & aaron munzer ’08 are building the future with their own hands.


   read on











      featured events
  

              we keep busy at ithaca college. join us for concerts and stage performances, lectures and workshops, athletic events, club meetings, art exhibitions, and dozens of other opportunities to engage in the here and now.
          





      feb
    

      17
    



      monday, 7 pm - 8:30 pm
    

   composition premieres

      hockett family recital hall
    





      feb
    

      18
    



      tuesday, 7 pm - 8 pm
    

   aaf keynote speaker jimmy knowles - global head of experiential at canva

      business school room103
    





      feb
    

      18
    



      tuesday, 8 pm - 10:30 pm
    

   the anonymous lover ( l'amant anonyme)






   view our full ic events calendar























ithaca college news



we create lots of buzz. dive into our successes, campus highlights, and research innovations.


   see ic news and icview magazine














                          power up

          


ic’s new esports lounge provides a state-of-the-art venue for its national championship club and students eager to engage with the world’s fastest-growing spectator sport.


   read more











                          ithaca college’s school of business earns prestigious aacsb reaccreditation

          


                reaccreditation affirms school of business's position among world's premier institutions.
      

   read more









                          super bowl bound

          


                ithaca college students from the school of business and park school head to new orleans for unfettered access and industry experience.
      

   read more









                          holocaust survivor brings history to life

          


                roald hoffmann hopes his story will inspire others to do good even when there is risk.
      

   read more




   see all news


































get to know us

discover how ic could be part of your story.

   learn more about us and begin your story














  953 danby road, ithaca, ny 14850(607) 274-3011




footer menu



contact


directory


emergency


directions




visit


make a gift




accessibility guide


employment


safety










facebook icon
created with sketch.







 facebook


istagram icon
created with sketch.







 instagram




youtube icon
created with sketch.







 youtube

threads icon







 threads

tiktock icon







 tiktok






© 2025 ithaca college. all rights reserved
        

non-discrimination statement |
          privacy policy




















