



ncswa - home







































northern california science writers association




































* email







* password






remember me












forgot password










 




























































home
















join us!
















events 
















members
















jobline
















contact

















board members























 



































 


the northern california science writers association (ncswa) was established in 1978 and currently has more than 200 members who live and work in northern california. ncswa members reside in locales that range from santa cruz to sea cliff and from sacramento to san francisco. the largest group of us lives in san francisco, the east bay, and silicon valley.
ncswa sponsors quarterly dinner meetings and a number of special events, including zoom talks, happy hours, workshops and field trips. speakers have included astrophysicist george smoot, climatologist stephen schneider, anthropologist katherine milton, chemist richard zare, and archaeologist margaret conkey. venues for these dinner meetings rotate, generally between san francisco and the east bay.
we also schedule several special events each year. these have included guided explorations of the hayward fault, the sutter buttes, and jasper ridge reserve, behind-the-scenes tours of the monterey bay aquarium and monterey bay aquarium research institute, a napa valley tour on the science of winemaking, campouts at uc natural reserves, and workshops on the business of freelancing and computer-assisted reporting.
we are a diverse group that includes newspaper science reporters, popular and trade magazine writers and editors, radio and television broadcasters, public information officers, marketing copywriters, and technical writers. our members cover such topics as agriculture, anthropology, astronomy, behavior, biology, chemistry, computers, earth sciences, environmental issues, medicine, and physics. 
please join us! ncswa membership is open to all science writers and communicators, no matter where you live in the greater bay area! members receive our quarterly email newsletter and email notice of ncswa events, and can subscribe to our jobline, which provides notices of job openings.















upcoming events




















ncswa early spring mixer - east bay




thursday, march 06, 2025 4:00 pm
						• drake's dealership, 2325 broadway, oakland ca, 94612



























 






























































© ncswa
















powered by wild apricot membership software




 
 



