


	gymnastics, swimming, dance, tumbling | kids are tops




























 








kids are tops sports center 
gymnastics, swimming, dance, tumbling & more!
where fitness is fun! (937) 435-7626  










 








+about usour historyour missionour principlesfacility tour+facility policiessafety policypayment policymake-up class policycancellation policyweather policyholiday closingsdress policydownload formshours & directionsposition openingsclient logincontact ustumble bunnies+gymnasticsgymnastics classescompetitive gymnasticsswimmingtumbling+dancedance classesbirthday parties






ninja
























about usour historyour missionour principlesfacility tourfacility policiessafety policypayment policymake-up class policycancellation policyweather policyholiday closingsdress policydownload formshours & directionsposition openingsclient logincontact ustumble bunniesgymnasticsgymnastics classescompetitive gymnasticsswimmingtumblingdancedance classesbirthday parties




ninja











weather policy
kids are tops sports center is located in centerville, ohio and has the following winter weather closing policy:
if centerville city schools are open, 
even though they may delay the start of the school day, then kids are 
tops will be open all day for normal classes.
if centerville city schools are 
cancelled for the full day, then kids are tops will cancel only the 
morning classes. kids are tops will open at 3:00 p.m. and all afternoon 
and evening classes will be held.
if conditions are severe enough for kids are tops to close afternoon and evening classes, an email will be sent  and we will call a closing announcement into abc 22, fox 45, nbc channel 2, whio channel 7.
the above closing schedule is automatic and will always be followed.









kids are tops sports center
where fitness is fun!
when it comes to fun, fitness and special events – there truly is no other place that can compare to the kids are tops sports center! we offer a unique blend of athletic training for local children from toddlers through teens. our instructors make learning fun and allow kids to accept challenges, gain self-confidence and make new friends that will last a lifetime.
our 40,000 square foot facility, located in centerville, ohio, offers the area’s premier instruction for gymnastics,  swimming, tumbling, dance and more. we even host special events such as birthday parties. kids are tops offers athletic training for children of any experience level – from beginner to avid competitor.
get kids off the video games and into something that will have an impact on their lives. through athletics and fitness, kids are tops sports center provides experience and fun that last a lifetime!
learn more about the kids are tops sports center...


 
 
 
 
 
 
 













































































































 
























































































































































































kids are tops sports center






7644 paragon road | centerville, oh 45459
(937) 435-7626 | fax: (937) 435-2199 | contact










	proudly serving centerville, kettering, beavercreek, bellbrook, miamisburg, springboro, oakwood, west carrolton, waynesville and greater dayton.








birthday parties
client login area
waiver
policies
get directions





















