













jesse friedman | marketing consultant




















jesse friedman
product, brand, and content marketing. fractional or à la carte.


three perspectives, one marketer.


product

deeply understanding the customer, the offering, and the marketplace.
director-level experience.



brand

you can win on vibes, if your self-presentation is consistent, intentional, and memorable.
stewarded the world's top brand.



content

say useful things in the right places to improve every stage of the customer lifecycle.
writing for top tech companies.



see some work i've done





              my superpower: translating complex topics to non-technical audiences.
            

              people rarely buy what they don't understand. i get on the customer's level, finding the pathways to turn confusion into connection.
            

              (reba, the beagle mix, will always be confused. she's beyond my abilities.)
            










              let's nail the message.
            

              every marketing project starts with the same three elements:
            

audience: who we are talking to
message: what we are saying to them
channels: how we are delivering the message


              with these three parts defined, we plan, build, execute, and measure with confidence and focus. the impact will far outlast my engagement.
            
review my services and rates




some of my work


product marketing





insight

              existing info teaching seniors to avoid scams was patronizing, hard to follow—and in small text. scamspotter gives clear advice with a friendly tone—in huge type. 
            





structure

fluent commerce's omx lets analysts turn complexity into a strength. a crisp marchitecture gave sales teams a framework for explaining its value.
            





launch

              dozens of languages, weeks of promo, hundreds of social posts. rallied googlers worldwide to give google santa tracker double-digit user growth after flat years.
            


brand and content marketing





identity

              thoroughly updated the tremendous brand to assure business buyers that a free product could be the most trustworthy and helpful option.
            





production

              magistrate judges couldn't understand why google wouldn't comply with all warrants. a stop-motion animation based on a fictional board game did the trick.
            





extension

              celebrated google translate's 10th birthday with #everyonespeaksfood, a manhattan pop-up where guests used the app to read the menu and order food.
            


writing





webpage

              i wrote the majority of the copy on the tremendous website, and oversaw the rest. it's crisp, confident, and carefully navigates regulatory constraints.
            





blog

              for copytree, i translate complex topics to less-technical audiences. examples:  ai for grammarly, neural translation for google, and data quality for anomalo.
            





email

              at a neobank, i wrote and a/b tested dozens of sequential and promotional emails to drive the user activity most correlated with long-term value.
            




15+ years of insights, taglines, and dad jokes







check my linkedin for a summary of my work at google and three b2b startups.
              


              there are many great marketers out there. here's a few qualities that set me apart:
            

working with experts. engineers, lawyers, policy wonks: i get along great with them with a balance of curiosity and humility.
            

great collab vibes. most people find me fun to work with. i'm high-energy, empathetic, flexible, i give thorough and supportive notes, and i make people laugh. 
            

overcoming constraints. short timelines, regulatory hurdles, and technical challenges are fun challenges to solve. i'm a marketing macgyver when need be.
            

top-notch writing. my copy is crisp and action-oriented, and my blog posts are engaging and accurate.
            

candor. i'll tell you straight up if i'm the wrong guy for the job, and politely but clearly if i think you could be doing something differently or better.
            


                despite the photo, i'm not a great painter.
              





services


            why be squirrelly? here's what i charge for what i do.
          

            after all, pricing and packaging is a core competency of product marketing.
          




fractional packages


full: $21,000/mo
a veteran marketer for backfill or special initiatives

                1/1 is a fraction, right? bring me on for a few months to fill in for a parental leave, get things done while hiring a full-timer, or go ham on a big initiative for a shorter period.
              


half: $12,000/mo
the time and space to get a lot done

                add me to slack. get me an email address. add me to (a few) meetings. set me to work on big strategic plans, launch execution, intensive content production, or a million little checklist items. (maybe even invite me to the next offsite. no pressure.)
              


quarter: $7,000/mo
fractional leadership or defined projects

                vp-level marketing strategy plus effective execution or sub-contracting to get things planned and done without the full-time overhead. or simply use me for about ten hours a month to get something done, such as competitive analysis or a white-paper series.
              


tenth: $3,000/mo
an advisor who actually does stuff

                monthly strategic consultation, periodic smaller projects, quick-turnaround reactions. great for smaller teams that recognize that a little expertise will make their marketing efforts a lot more impactful.
              


tenth for nonprofits: $2,000/mo
doing great stuff with less money, just like you

                nonprofits need marketing help, too. from fundraising messaging to multilingual content strategy, take advantage of all the training and experience i got in the for-profit world. 
              




à la carte


gtm discovery/audit: $4,500
a fast and effective process for assessing your marketing needs

                launching a product? messaging falling flat? give me a week or two, and i'll give you a thorough analysis from a product marketing veteran's perspective. i'll outline how to improve things, and either suggest that i do it, or point to someone better suited.
              


blog posts etc.: $700/$1,200/$1,700+
specialized in translating complex topics to non-technical buyers

                i've been in your shoes. i know how hard it is to find a writer whose work is both engaging and accurate. thankfully, you've found me. i'll work by the word or the hour, but you value output, not input, right? my standard is $700 for standard-length blog posts, $1,200 for heftier, and $1,700+ for big ol' pieces.
              


jesse in a jiffy: $220/hour
shockingly fast response to get you unstuck quickly

                anyone who's worked with me knows i reply very quickly. if you're an active client, it's how i roll. if not, just drop a line to jiffy@jessefriedman.com. i'll acknowledge your message asap, and if at all possible, i will do the requested work quickety-split, as my daughter would say.
              


base rate: $175/hour
because time is a commodity

                i'm down to trade money for minutes if that's what it takes to get a project going, but the packages are a better deal. 10 hour minimum.
              






let's connect


jesse@jessefriedman.com



© 2025 jesse friedman




