



	st. joan of arc mpls




















 














page updated!

×



your page has been updated and a back up was created for the previous version.


close

















welcomecalendarabout usmass informationmembershipbulletinsstaffshared ministrydirections/hourssafe environmentfuneral noticeshomilies and speakersprayer corner
sacramentsbaptismfirst communionreconciliationconfirmationmarriageanointing of the sickrciafunerals
ministriesmental health ministrypeace & justicemusicfamilies & childrenyouth ministryadult learningparish lifepastoral care
donate



























welcomecalendar
about us
mass information
membership
bulletins
staff
shared ministry
directions/hours
safe environment
funeral notices
homilies and speakers
prayer corner

sacramentsbaptism
first communion
reconciliation
confirmation
marriage
anointing of the sick
rcia
funerals

ministriesmental health ministry
peace & justice
music
families & children
youth ministry
adult learning
parish life
pastoral care

donate





































our vision:
to be a visible, progressive catholic community, compassionate and welcoming to all.


mass times
sunday masses: 7:45 am in the church; 9 am and 11 am in the gymsunday family masses: 9 am and 11 am in the church (sept-may)saturday mass: 5 pm in the church; recorded & available sunday afternoon onlineweekday masses: 8 am tuesday & thursday in the church
watch the recorded mass





events
feb18prayer shawl ministrythe prayer shawl ministry meets in the parish center on the third tuesday of each month from 9:00-10:30 a...
feb18fund our futurethis event has been rescheduled from january 29.there will be a rally at the capitol in st. paul for ...
feb18take time for mental healthloneliness: better together; a review of the surgeon general's advisory on the epidemic of loneliness and...
feb19democracy talks book clubthis book discussion group will meet in the sja parish center to discuss "on tyranny" by timothy snyder.&...
all events






                     




                     



news & announcements
soup supper volunteerswednesday evenings, march 5 thru april 9, we are hosting our annual lenten wednesday soup suppers. this i...
aiaia 2025 delegation blogkeep up with the 2025 delegation on the aiaia website's blog page. 
first communion preparationin-person first communion registration and materials pick-up will begin on sunday mornings star...
palm sunday project with hobtfamilies, join us for our annual partnership with in the heart of the beast puppet and mask theatre to cr...
all news






                             

                             

                             

                             

                             

                             

                             

                             












st. joan of arc
4537 3rd ave. s | minneapolis, mn 55419
(612) 823-8205
contact usfind us


follow us



















© copyright 2025, st. joan of arc mpls, all rights reserved.



top












