










jacksonville pool builder | st. augustine pool service company




























































904-998-1811






homeaboutcustomer storieslatest newspoolspool construction processwater featuresfaq’sfinancingservicerenovationportfoliocontact


































contact us today for your free no-obligation estimate
request a quote and finance your new poolscape below.





request a quote
get started with a consultation for the custom pool of your dreams.



    get started
  






get pool financing
discover the best pool financing options to help you take the next step.



    get financing
  












this browser does not support the video element.




welcome to palace pools
your jacksonville swimming pool builder!
at palace pools, we provide the highest-quality pool services in the jacksonville area. here in florida, your swimming pool can become a central part of your social life, relaxation, and exercise, serving as the backdrop for kids’ parties and barbeques as well as casual dips and swimming laps. since your pool will get such heavy use over so many years, it deserves to be built and maintained with care.

our team of experts can help you choose a beautiful pool design, and construct your ideal pool using advanced technology or just the basics depending on your preferences. we can maintain your pool for years to come and also refurbish out-of-date pools.
st. augustine & jacksonville pool and spa services
palace pools is your one-stop-shop for all of your jacksonville pool design, construction, maintenance, and remodeling needs. our services include:

inground concrete pools
inground concrete spas
pool and spa control systems
geothermal, gas, solar, and heat pump heating units
pool enclosures
refurbishing pools and spas
repair & replacement of pool lighting
crack repair
weekly pool cleaning & maintenance
pool inspections for new home buyers
fountains
water features

we keep abreast of the latest developments in the industry, which allows us to offer a variety of high-tech and green options as soon as they hit the market. for example, we do 3d modeling for all our pool designs and offer a number of energy-saving technologies.
whatever your needs, we make sure you get the support and service you need, coupled with industry know-how and high-quality materials to make and maintain a great pool. we respond to phone calls quickly and are happy to address any concerns you may have as the process proceeds. we don’t want anything to be a mystery. we’ll keep in touch throughout the project, making sure you know what to expect throughout the construction process.


 read more 
 read less 







get started with your personal aquatic retreat






custom pools
our custom pool design services turn backyard dreams into a reality, creating the ultimate oasis retreat. contact us for a consultation today!



    get started
  







pool renovation
transform your pool into an oasis with our professional renovation services. dive into luxury and relaxation!



    get started
  












our construction process
the pool construction process can be daunting if you don’t know what to expect. learn about our process!





water features
bring a whole new dimension to your backyard with custom water features that are sure to impress.





frequently asked questions
have a question? check out some of our most popular frequently asked questions asked by our customers.









get inspired and browse our portfolio



    view our photos
  









client stories
“i researched several companies because a pool is a big investment and i landed on mike and palace pools. i’m very happy with the outcome. they went above and beyond what we were expecting. even our neighbors complimented us on how quiet and professional the crew was. if you want a pool, choose these guys and you won’t be disappointed!“


charles h.





    more reviews
  

























palace pools inc.
11463 saints rd • jacksonville, fl 32246
florida license number: cpc048227
904-998-1811





our company




home
about
customer stories



latest news
financing
contact






custom pools




pool construction process
water features



faq’s
renovation
portfolio






























© 2025 palace pools. all rights reserved. website designed by pool marketing site. privacy policy. accessibility policy.









