










welcome to visions gallery, custom design plus stained glass/ supplies
































































                visions stained glass                

carolyn insler | (423) 255-3341


menu
skip to content
home
shop the gallery

hanging panels
lamps/lights/shades
mirrors and wall art
stands and frames
candle holders and vases
gifts
supplies

bevels and jewels
chemicals
copper foil and accessories
grinders and accessories
lamp parts
miscellaneous
saws and accessories
tools




custom orders

commissioned work examples
non commissioned work
how to order
pricing


restoration
press and media

stained glass trophies made for chattajack 2017
interview with noogaradio 92.7 fm


artist
contact
cart
checkout
0 items$0.00 








welcome to visions gallery



visions gallery is located at 3240 brainerd rd. in chattanooga,  tennessee.
business hours are wednesday, thursday, friday and saturday 10am-5pm
specializing in custom design and restoration as well as a full line of stained glass supplies. 
phone number: 423-255-3341
all pieces handmade by carolyn insler in chattanooga, tennessee.
favorite pieces




click for a larger imagethese custom windows were recently shipped to my customer in oklahoma.
i love working with custom orders because they cause me to consider the customers ideas and incorporate them with my own. the end result is often something i would not have created on my own. it must be something i am willing to etch my signature on, and i certainly did with these.shipping stained glass is not an easy task. over the years i have learned that with medium to large size windows, only a heavy wood crate will do. plenty of interior packing is necessary also.
i only use shipping companies who can guarantee my precious cargo will never see a conveyor belt.




visit the gallery online
shop by category to find the perfect gift for a friend or family member or the ideal complement to your home decor. or, if possible visit visions gallery in person and meet the artist and see all the art.
new section added for stained glass supplies.





hanging panels

lamps/lights/shades


mirrors and wall art









stands and frames

candle holders and vases

gifts






ideas and ordering custom stained glass art





idea gallery

contact carolyn

pricing






about visions gallery
visions gallery is the work of carolyn insler, who is a master of stained glass art with over forty five (45) years of experience in design and creation of her elegant works of art.
while we wish everyone could stop by the gallery on brainerd road in chattanooga, tennessee, we know that may not always be possible. for that reason, everyone is encouraged to browse the online gallery. something is sure to capture your fancy.
we welcome calls from around the country and the world. email us your custom designs and dimensions for a price quote or call to discuss a project.
additionally, carolyn has been commissioned to repair and restore aged stained glass windows in churches and older homes throughout the city, county, state and country. contact us with your restoration requests for an appraisal and project quote.
visions gallery does ship worldwide. shipping within the 48 contiguous united states . outside the 48 contiguous states, please contact carolyn insler for pricing. all our packaging is designed for safe arrival of your investment.
locally, we have stained glass for sale that is ready for you to create your own works of art.
and, as a small business in chattanooga we participate in small business saturday and encourage everyone to support small businesses everywhere.













policies, s&h pricing privacy policy, disclosures, disclaimers
shipping and handling fees
copyright information

 

connect with me    
 



				powered by wordpress & portfolio.
						

















