




 


society for scientific exploration - home



 




home  |  join/renew  |  donate  |  contact |  about  

cart
 



log in












 











home




publications



journal



jse library




author guidelines




submissions




article processing charge







edge science




explorer







videos




conferences



2024 conference schedule




past conferences







events




news





members login to access members only content
 













since 1982, the society for scientific exploration (sse) has provided a critical forum for sharing original research into conventional and unconventional topics. subjects often cross mainstream boundaries, yet may have profound implications for human knowledge and technology. we publish a peer-reviewed journal and the popular edgescience magazine, host conferences, and connect scholars. more













 









sse's first "encounters" webinar march 19, 20252:00 to 4:30pm pacific time
remote viewing unlocked!
we are excited to have debra lynne katz, ph.d., president, international remote viewing association, present an exclusive society for scientific exploration live zoom event.  hear the history of remote viewing as a scientifically-studied phenomenon and helpful practice for everyday life. learn basic approaches to gain information about a distant “target” and how to extract additional data from earlier impressions.participate in an actual remote viewing session.
more information and registration
 
in memory of peter sturrock 

peter sturrock, founding president of the sse, passed away peacefully in his home, surrounded by his friends and family, on august 12, 2024, at the age of 100. peter was a leader among those rare scientists who made major contributions in both conventional and non-conventional science.  on the conventional side, sturrock was known worldwide for his profound contributions to the fields of astrophysics, plasma physics, and solar research.  he continued that work until the very end of his life as a distinguished physicist and emeritus professor at stanford university 



read more

become a member

the society for scientific exploration provides a critical international forum for sharing original research on unconventional topics and furthering our understanding of human capabilities.
the society is fully donor and member-funded, with contributions providing support for the open access dissemination  of research through a peer-reviewed journal and sse-hosted conferences where professional researchers and interested members of the public engage with one another to advance science.
anyone can join the society by making an annual contribution, with the membership level dependent on level of contribution and academic status. all contributions are tax deductible.



join sse
 
recent news



tune in for sse’s new series… “#breakdowns”

7 feb 2025 3:04 pm


james houran



just a thought: pondering the rise of science commentators and influencers

26 jan 2025 1:49 pm


james houran



january 2025 explorer now available

15 jan 2025 12:37 pm


mark urban-lurain





recent forum updates


there are no forum topics to display.


 
volunteer

sse is an all volunteer organization. you can help support sse by volunteering in a variety of ways.

support sse 

your donations are crucial to helping sse continue it's mission.  please donate today.
 
learn about the sse


about the sse
sse leadership
history of the sse
contact information


upcoming events



remote viewing unlocked webinar

19 mar 2025 2:00 pm
•
zoom webinar




 









copyright 1982 - 2024 ssethe society for scientific exploration (sse), a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.

















acceptable use | privacy policy | terms of use
 














home







powered by wild apricot membership software











