




dog art, fine art limited edition prints from the dog paintings of
		karen mcclelland 



 




 limited edition fine art dog prints 
		





"not your average dog print"




karen mcclelland fine art dog prints are outstanding
				dog art turned into beautiful limited edition dog prints. in my dog paintings i
				have combined my many years of showing dogs, my knowledge of dog structure, and
				my artistic skills to create show dog art with both emotion and drama. the dog
				paintings are generally a composite from many reference photos and the breed
				standard.my limited edition prints have been painstakingly reproduced using
				the giclée method for printing fine art. these
				museum quality giclée prints are done on either canvas or on fine
				watercolor paper with high archival quality inks, the substrate for each
				edition is listed on each edition's page. 








if you are interested in hearing when new prints
				are released, or upcoming contests  please sign up here.















 your name:

 


 email address: 

 


 which breed(s) are you interested in? 



 


 

 


the prints are signed and numbered by the artist
				and a certificate of authenticity is included
				with all prints guaranteeing your number in the edition. 
as a new policy change i've decided to accept a limited number of commission jobs each year. the number is small
has i have to admit i'm selfish with my time -- there is so much
i want to paint. also i now have an artist's blog at karenmcclelland.blogspot.com.
this site shows more than just my canine artwork, but equine, still lifes, etc. it is all original oil paintings for sale.i enjoy hearing any and all comments so
				please email me with any questions or comments. klm@kmdogart.com


  main
		page | sporting |
		hounds |
		working |
		terriers |
		toy dogs |
		non-sporting |
		herding |
		links |
		artist info |
		the byte news |
		contact
paintings by karen mcclelland © 2001 - 2005, all
		  rights reserved copyright shall at all times remain vested in the artist. no
		  part of the work shall be used, reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
		  transmitted in any form or by any means electronic, mechanical, photocopying,
		  recording or otherwise, without the artist's express written consent.the byte news 2024






get this counter 


  
 



