



hypnosis audio mp3 download now : ci














elizabeth bohorquez,  


rn, c.ht
nurse educator/coach
clinical hypnotherapist
author/program designerinternational medical 
	  health writers ltd.sarasota medical & sports hypnosis institute



visit our author page
 on 

amazon.com


	  email

	  affiliate program








      
				
        
				
   
				
   
				
   
				



     
				
     
				
   
				
   
				
   
				
   
				



     
				
     
				
   
				
   
				
   


  
		learning interactive  


  self-hypnosis-audio
   mp3's  
		download now  
    
ebooks with 
		audio  -  
follow our "feature blog" for free mp3's                     
		
   adults - executives - students - kids - athletes



        weight management
            eating disorders
            sugar addiction
            hypoglycemia 
            carbohydrate issues
            binge eating



            alcohol reduction alcohol cessation
            smoking cessation
            other addictions
        habits & phobias
            ocd, add & adhd




            emotional management
        thought management
            goal achieving
            sports performance
            heightened awareness
            learning self-hypnosis




        self-development
            optimum performance
        school performance
            accelerated learning
            work performance
             motivation
        



            medical hypnosis
            oncology
            disease prevention
        pain management
            symptom management
            dental & bruxism














   
		

"you become your 
	  thoughts..."













 

share with a 
		friend
 
		



interactive ebook feature

    


	  youtube educational series 
 
great blog reads...
the therapist'scouch 
	  today's feature blog
a look inside sugar 
	  addiction
beyond disorderly 
	  eating
interactive 
	  affirmations
thoughtware
inside secret eating
mindscrabble
a look inside 
	  anxiety & panic disorder
 
 
		
 
		
 
		
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 






what does it take to stop 
				procrastinating & change a 
				lifestyle behavior or habit?  
"you accomplish this by 
				editing or deleting your old "subconscious mind stories" & then 
				writing "new stories" of exactly what you want to achieve!  
				remember, you are the writer, producer & director of your life!"
welcome
    to interactive self-hypnosis programs©.
 my name is elizabeth bohorquez, rn, c.ht. i am a clinical 
				medical, self-development & sports hypnotherapist, as well as a 
				lifestyle coach, medical educator, writer, publisher & producer 
				of original interactive self-hypnosis educational tools. 
				my unique approach allows you  to reach a 
				high level of self-mastery & self-control in all areas of your 
				life. 
				
 
sugar...the hidden eating disorder & how to lick 
				it...hypnotically is a 4 part ebook with embedded 
				mp3 links to enhance your ability to change quickly. 
				
				visit my author page on amazon.com. be sure to register 
				for my 
email 
				newsletter that will keep you 
				up-to-date on my weekly programs. many will offer complimentary 
				mp3 downloads!  join me on the therapist'scouch blog where 
				we can converse about anything you choose. i'll also offer you 
				free mp3 downloads, 5 minute fixes & free self-hypnosis 
				instruction. sign up for my newsletter so you won't miss the 
				starting date.no matter where you reside in the world, if you 
				prefer to work "one-on-one", i offer 
				
personalized coaching
online, by phone or email.i look forward 
				in getting to know you... 



comments from 
		our participants
i've had a 
							couple of evening working with your programs. what a blissful feeling of power to 
		have access to the root of it all. it is almost the archetype of all 
		such programs because they can be adapted to so many issues of mind & 
		body. phillip f., new mexico
i wanted to write & tell you that hannah had her state 
		championship meet last night. she won second place & was very excited. 
		she really wanted you to know how well she did & to thank you for all of 
		your help. your programs have made such a difference in both of our 
		children. to update you on matthew, he gets to move up to pre-algebra 
		next year!  i wouldn't have believed it three months ago.  
		kim h., oklahomai am compelled 
		to tell you how much you've helped me. i came to you for help to stop 
		smoking & now it seems secondary. i've bitten my nails since before i 
		can even remember & now my nails are starting to grow!  i'm no 
		longer drinking diet soda & i'm off of caffeine.  i truly feel that 
		i'm getting my life back, only this time it is much better than before. 
		shawn l., florida
i want to send you a big thanks for 
							the programs you have written & presented.  i 
							must say that they have had some inexplicable, 
							positive effects on my psyche.  alex, chicago
your programs have really worked 
							to help me manage my serious problem with bingeing.  
							my eatina disorder had taken over my life & many 
							days i thought to end it.  i am 25 years old & 
							mother to three young children who need me.  i 
							just want to say how very thankful i am to you, 
							allowing me to see a future outside of the dark hole 
							where i've been living for the past decade.  
							laura c., london, england.
you have provided me with an 
							insight to a much healthier & happier way of life.  
							through our work together, i have become aware of 
							the many factors that contributed to my becoming 
							over-weight.  before my involvement with your 
							programs, i was unaware, having little control when 
							it came to my dietary needs. the techniques you gave 
							me, guided my ability to increase my self0-esteem, 
							understand my misconceptions related to food & then 
							to take control of the choices i make in life. 
							sarah d., florida
copyright  2010 international 
							medical health writers ltd.
							 
							disclaimer - the information in these pages & in my 
							books, writings & programs reflect my experiences & 
							are not intended to replace medical or psychological 
							advice, nor it it my intention to diagnose or 
							prescribe.  the intent is only to offer 
							information to help you cooperate with your 
							physician in the mutual quest for high level health.  
							always consult with your physician before embarking 
							on any lifestyle change, nutritional or otherwise. 
							also be aware that any positive changes may result 
							in the need for medications to be re-evaluated, so 
							always share your lifestyle changes with your 
							physician.






 how would you like to receive 
2 free mp3 programs 
on getting organized in 2013?







explore our +350 mp3 "interactive self-hypnosis" programs 
					either through our 2013 catalog 




 







					                          
					feature blog
follow our feature blog & receive 
					a free mp3
 
					
the therapist'scouch blog
       
					from "who's dead? who's not?
while i never thought about 
					ending my own life, i can understand wanting to do that. i 
					have deep compassion & understanding for people who find 
					themselves in deep, dark places. i've been down in those 
					trenches, but there was always something that i was able to 
					grab to pull myself up.  i know it is only a few short steps 
					from that place to the final period that closes the book.




free mp3 downloadsfree webinarsfree 
					self-hypnosis instructioncommunicate with me directly...





 
online or phone coaching




we all learn in different ways. here is your opportunity to 
					change your lifestyle behaviors with an experienced coach 
					who knows.



 



 tweets by @elizrn





