








home | somers day spa & salon | somers, ct





home | somers day spa & salon | somers, ct































































skip to main content









toggle navigation












home
about
services 

beauty 

hair, color & extensions
eyelash extensions
makeup & tanning


skin 

facial treatments
advanced skin care
waxing & hair removal


spa 

foot & hand care
massage & body treatments


 



packages
bridal
spa etiquette
directions
 









 
×close





 





 



 


beauty salon
 the essence of natural beauty! a day spa and salon dedicated to making you fee great!

about
make appointment





 


spend the day with us
get pampered by the best team in the business!  there is no better way to relax than to experience a day at the spa with somers!

learn more
book now





 


relax at the spa
we offer a peaceful and unique environment so that you can focus on yourself.

our team
make appointment





 


love your skin
the the care your face needs to prolong your beauty and style.  our facials and advanced skin care services are second to none!

read more
ask an expert






 











welcome to somers day spa & salonwe know that the time you take for yourself is precious. with that in mind, we at somers day spa offer you a peaceful and unique environment where men and women can indulge in the rituals of renewal and tranquility that bring about a balance of beauty and wellness.
our connecticut day spa and hair salon has received accolades because we strive to bring high standards and new modalities of wellness to you. and while you can get an incredible pedicure or manicure, we deliver it with a focus on the well-being of your nails, as well as your hands.
so give us an hour, or a few hours, and we’ll give you time for yourself that’s worth the time that you take…





beautywe strive to ensure excellence and want your experience to be truly unforgettable and memorable. whatever the service may be, we go above and beyond to make sure you feel amazing and satisfied when you leave.
hair color & extensions 
eyelash extensions 
makeup & tanning 


skinwe are committed to providing the most indulgent, beneficial skin and body treatments and products. our services will help enhance your natural, youthful and radiant skin.
facial treatments 
advanced skin care 
waxing & hair removal 


spawe offer an extensive menu of spa services staffed by specialists who seek to provide the highest quality services and deliver a wonderful spa experience.
foot & hand care 
massage & body treatments 







we strive to provide the most relaxing day possiblelet us revive your wellness and relaxation from within


















 
 

serving connecticut including: hartford ct, ellington ct, enfield ct, stafford ct, somers ct, south windsor ct, east windsor ct, windsor locks ct, and many more. 
member of connecticut day spas & wellness centers.
 

serving massachusetts including: suffield ct springfield ma, longmeadow ma, wilbraham ma, hampden ma, and many more.
 

somers day spa & salon 36 south road (rt 83)
somers, ct 06071
phone: 860-763-4544
email: info@somersdayspa.com
hours of operation
monday 11 - 7:00
tuesday - thursday: 9:00 - 8:00
friday & saturday: 8:00 - 5:30
sunday: 10:30 - 5:30
 










copyright © 2015 somers day spa. all rights reserved.


website design by wallfrog



























