



home








    


 


  home       |       about us       |       fees       |       enroll       |       reporting      |       high school       |       contact













enrollment for 2024/25 opens on 
            july 1.senior/twelfth grade 
            enrollments are closed, except for students enrolled during the 
            2023/24 school year.
closures: spring break - april 10 - 14; thanksgiving week; last two weeks of 
            december; first week of january
limited availability/closure: dec. 11 - jan. 6





telephone: 850.398.8361

e-mail:
              ccsadmin@cox.net




international enrollment is  open! 
              some restrictions may apply.  email if interested.  
              contact your local board of education or authorities to determine if 
              homeschooling and/or us-based private school enrollment is permitted in your country/area.

georgia slots 
            are limited. for more information concerning availability, email
            ccsadmin@cox.net.

costa rica 
            slots are full. we will not be accepting new enrollments.





special 50/50 payment plan is now available for those wanting to 
              pay in installments.







prayer 
            requestsplease pray for the families with loved 
            ones stationed overseas.
requesting prayer for families who are 
            struggling financially due to a loss of employment.
pray for the many missionary families 
            living overseas.
 
 














welcome 
to crossroads




crossroads has been 
            providing service to homeschooling families across the world since 
            1998.  we have students in all fifty states as well as thirteen 
            countries overseas.  as a ministry, we believe that 
            homeschooling families should receive recognition for their 
            students' hard work without it costing a fortune. in these 
            challenging economic times, it is important for the christian 
            community to come together and support one another.  this is 
            one reason our fees are lower than most schools, yet we provide the 
            same great service as we always have.







            crossroads provides in its service: accountability, encouragement 
            and support, curriculum counseling, transfer of records, maintenance 
            of transcripts, identification cards*, semester or annual report 
            cards, two reporting options,  high school diploma, and an 
            affordable price. *id cards 
            do not contain the child's photo. parents may add a photo and 
            laminate after receiving them.
                








crossroads believes in 
            giving parents the freedom to homeschool as they would normally.  
            we do not require a specific curriculum to be used nor a 
            certain teaching method.  we do not require curriculum 
            be purchased from us.  parents may obtain these items from 
            various vendors and/or used, if so desired.our reporting 
            is parent-friendly.  parents may choose to report once or twice 
            a year.  we require 180 days of attendance anytime during a 
            twelve-month period, which means families may set their schedule to 
            suit them.  families may choose to school four days a week, 
            take the month of december off, etc., as long as the student attends 
            180 days in a calendar year.
we award high school credit for work completed by the 
            homeschool student.  parents have the freedom to choose their 
            curriculum and teaching method, and after reporting to ccs, we will 
            award traditional high school credit for the student's work.  
            there are some schools that may require fewer credits; however, we 
            have found that our requirements are widely accepted by major 
            universities, colleges, and scholarship programs.  typically 
            students exceed our basic requirements, and they often exceed the 
            national averages for sat and act testing.   
for the younger student we provide maintenance of cumulative 
            folders, report cards, transcripts that will follow the student, and 
            florida residents receive a legal "umbrella" covering as they are 
            not required to report to the state while enrolled with ccs.
read morecrossroads christian school 
            does not discriminate on the basis of race.









home     |    about us     |    fees     |    enroll     |    reporting     |    h.s.    |    contact
 copyright © 
        1998-2024 crossroads christian ministries, inc. all rights 
        reserved





