







laurel canyon association





































































































              home
            

              our impact
            

              current projects
            

              community tips
            

              canyon mail
            



              lca history
            

              lca board
            

        join lca
      

              canyon history
            

            plant native laurel canyon
          














































































homeour impactcurrent projectscommunity tipscanyon mail











lca historylca boardjoin lcacanyon historyplant native laurel canyon









scroll






 

laurel canyon association

 









your neighborhood leader in hillside preservationthe laurel canyon association (lca) is a 501(c)(4) non-profit residents association with a mission to protect the quality of life and the environment of laurel canyon, a neighborhood in the hollywood hills area of los angeles. lca is the oldest association in the neighborhood having formed in 1930 and we work in close harmony with the laurel canyon land trust to acquire and permanently preserve open space in laurel canyon. the following is a brief list of the recent lca initiatives:completion of $1.6 million, 17-acre open space acquisition project known as let’s buy a mountaincreation of $1.5 million community benefit fundadvocacy toward new hillside construction regulation overlay zone for laurel canyon.creation of hillside retaining wall ordinance in conjunction with other hillside partners.initiator of proposed wildlife coordinator ordinance with our partner, citizens for los angeles wildlife (claw).drafter of of b permit notification ordinance (aka: "paper street" notification ordinance)lca was a advocate for adoption of the baseline hillside ordinance (aka: the "mcmansion" rules).our board consists of eleven elected board members assigned to various committee duties.  board members represent a cross-section of neighbors who have volunteered their time to serve their community. our volunteers charge nothing for their time and work.  we depend on your contributions to pay for association fees, supplies and special projects.




    join lca
  




    meet the board
  

 






is there construction happening near you?for decades, the lca has been fighting and winning for the preservation and protection of our historic canyon community for both neighbors and residents of los angeles at large. laurel canyon is an integral part of an interconnected greenbelt that hosts wildlife, recreation and scenic beauty. responsible development following la department of building & safety (ladbs) codes and permits is critical to preserving our community.you have the power to report code violations and other unscrupulous development activity near you by using the following link. you can also contact the lca for assistance and support.




    report code violations
  




    contact the lca for help
  

 






looking for quick access to information about happenings in laurel canyon? our canyon mail archive and facebook community page is the best place to look!the lca shares community information around safety, events, regulations, development, and other happenings in and around our community through a near-daily email newsletter called “canyon mail.” you can sign up to receive this newsletter to your inbox, but we also archive past newsletters so that anyone can access the information at their convenience. you can also find us on facebook, instagram, and twitter.
































    access the archive
  




    sign up for canyon mail
  

 
















lca impact















current projects















community tips















canyon history








 

you can help protect open space in laurel canyon! 

 











laurel canyon association is pleased to announce that its partner organization - the laurel canyon land trust (“lclt”).  established in 2017, laurel canyon land trust is a sister non-profit organization of the laurel canyon association, and is a 501(c)(3) organization established to acquire and permanently preserve open space in laurel canyon. the land trust is the outgrowth of the open space preservation activities of the laurel canyon association.  donations are fully tax deductible and can be made online at https://donorbox.org/general-donation-63.alternatively, checks may be mailed to laurel canyon land trust, 8453 kirkwood drive, los angeles, ca 90046.

  

we appreciate your support!




    donate to the land trust
  

   

thank you to our partners!lca works in close cooperation with surrounding associations and groups that share a common interest to protect our hills and make them a safe, vibrant, and livable community for all residents.  we thank them for their cooperation and we encourage you to learn more about their impact in our community. 





















































































 




 

protect your urban oasis

  


    join lca
  




    sign up for canyon mail newsletter
  




    donate to the land trust
  











home header



mission statement



new page



new page



on-page navigation



home page content



home footer














join lcacontact us






































