

















nancy's crazy adventures








































































nancy's crazy adventures





























































































18 july 2014







i've moved the blog!






you can find all my old articles and new posts here

http://nancyscrazyadventures.wordpress.com/

goodbye google





posted by



unknown




at

18.7.14



no comments:
  





























30 january 2014








the gagging law and why we need to worry









you may wonder why should be so concerned about the gagging law since it barely effects the small fry like us, but we need to worry, as it will in ways we wouldn't expect.
basically small campaign groups will be at a massive disadvantage to political parties financially in the year before an election when it comes to expressing their views on policy and trying to win votes (the amount of money campaign groups can spend will be limited for the whole year, while mp's can spend as much as they want until 4 months before the election) .
it won't effect smaller groups like us as we don't spend much, if any money. but larger groups who would speak up for us like 38 degrees and trade unions etc will not be able to spend money on events with speakers, printed material and things like that, so will be effectively be gagged. without the help we've had so far from groups like this things would be even worse for the poor and downtrodden, as there would be no one raising awareness for us on a large scale.
once 2015 begins it will all be down to small grass roots campaign groups to raise awareness of how many thousands of us are being treated by the sweeping changes this government has made, and no other future government has any intention of reversing judging by what they have said so far. social media accounts that mock the government are already being shut down on twitter, in the year before the election many more will go too, along with other pages promoting the alternative media and our take on what is going on.
combined with the new policing and antisocial behaviour bill it will make it pretty much impossible for smaller groups to have peaceful flash protests too where we raise awareness with the public of what is happening, as they will be able to arrest us just for being there. you can see now why they are preparing water cannons for the summer etc, they are going to start arresting peaceful protestors who pose no threat, which will spark anger and trigger police brutality. the media will present what started out as peaceful protest as a riot, and we will not have got our message out.
it all goes to show that the government are scared of us and want to silence us, and that our democratic rights are slowly being eroded. don't look back and wonder why you did nothing, join us in peacefully fighting these unjust laws.
it's understandable if you don't want to join a protest, i don't trust the metropolitan police to be able to use a water cannon safely either, you may not realise this but they are not there simply to get you wet, they are a crowd control device. they have different settings from "get them wet" to "punt them a few meters down the road into stationary objects in bone smashing agony". they have to be used with precision and be fired from exactly the right distance away or people will get broken bones and possibly even die. if one goes off way too close the jet hitting you alone can take your skin off. the met don't exactly have a good track record for getting this sort of shit right do they either? look how many unarmed people they've shot and just gone "oh sorry my bad we thought he had a gun", then just got away with it, and now were giving the water cannons?!
also please remember when the media show you protests they only show you the people who were kicking off, the photographers dive in to get a picture of the person being arrested elbowing people out of the way to get that footage. i've been at many and the vast majority of people at these events are completely peaceful and just exercising our democratic right to protest, and if we stop now we face a horrific dystopian future where huge corporations actually openly control everything and there will be nothing we can do about it.
i understand many of you have reasons to live and don't want to die trying to peacefully resist what this government is doing, just spare a thought for those of us who have lost everything and no longer care. i've always been a pacifist and will never turn to violence, but i also will never stop fighting any other way i can for our rights and for justice for all the people who have already died as a result of the changes to the welfare system. under the new laws passive resisters like myself  will be treated as brutally as someone attacking the police or causing damage to property though. i really hope it doesn't turn out to be as bad as this and we can raise enough awareness of what these new laws mean before it gets to the point where peaceful protestors are being hurt in large numbers. but we've already seen the videos of how brutally students were treated for daring to try and protest peacefully on their own campus, in some cases by private security guards not even the police. there has not been enough of an outcry about that too in my opinion so it doesn't look good.  
i'll leave you with some footage of the irish police (who are trained to use water cannons) demonstrating water cannon use. notice how they still manage to fuck it up and actually get the crowd wet as they drove it to close to them when demonstrating the "diffuser" setting.



also listen to the sound this turkish protestors body makes as he crashes to the ground, and notice how motionless he is, and believe me if you were from turkey you would be angry and protesting too so don't judge him harshly for angrily shouting at the water cannon and provoking them.







posted by



unknown




at

30.1.14



no comments:
  





























2 august 2013







"residential training provision", a nicer word for work camps?






yesterday morning i was horrified to read that a report had surfaced saying they were planning "residential training" for disabled and long term unemployed people. after all welfare reform has been crashing disaster so far. thousands have people have been declared fit for work with no impact assessment, or proper program in place to actually get us back into work after years of unemployment. so far it seems like a cold hearted attempt to get us of benefits at any cost, they don't seem to care if we end up with a job, or whether we end up destitute and dying, just as long as we don't ever get "esa".

also the anti-disabled propaganda display has made disabled people even more unattractive to potential employers, why did they do this ridiculous thing we all wonder? i think it's a misinterpretation of something good old mansel aylward said in his horrific "psycho social theory of disability". he told them they needed to make disabled people working the "social norm". they could have chosen to try and make employers want to employ disabled people, encouraged compassion and patience, offered training and support for disabled people straight away. but instead the idiots opted to just make it a social crime to dare to claim disability benefits, no matter how ill you really are. now people who walk with sticks or use mobility scooters (even those who aren't on any disability benefits) face abuse in the streets, and are accused of "faking" their disability. 

 the thousands of people dying after being told they were "fit to work" (10,600 in the first year) are being covered up and minimised, now not even recorded by the dwp. if you are disabled and don't work you are considered lowest of the low now. the fools have created yet another "barrier to work" for us. 

so when i read they were planning work camps, i had no trouble believing ids and his evil crew had come up with that idea. i broke out in a cold sweat and felt the familiar twist of panic and though "my god what are they going to do to us now?..." but then i actually read the paper.

it doesn't seem as bad as we first thought, its only in the planning stages at the moment but they are now actually doing what they should have done in the first place. holding consultations about what they can actually do to help disabled people get back into work. it is literally residential training, and you will have a choice as to whether you go as residential or not. you can read the full report "residential training provision - independent advisory report" by clicking here.

as i said before they should have been looking into things like this before they rolled out the new "work capability assessment" and had it in place before they declared thousands of us fit for work, closed lots of remploy factories, and cut us adrift, making us sign on jsa with advisors who have no training in helping disabled people back to work. this is the sort of thing the report suggests, more advisors who are trained, and more practical courses that actually help you cope with disability and get employed. not rubbish just designed to make money for the companies that provide them, while we're pushed from pillars to post and called "lying thieving bastards" behind our backs.

all we have to fear is that they won't listen to what has been recommended, which they haven't been great at so far lets face it have they? or they will start to do it, but like everything they've done in the past that works they will stop it because it costs too much.

we must keep our eyes on how this progresses, but don't be too scared, 75% of people on disability benefits want to work, they are finally going to try and help us. if they listen to the independent advice that is, and tories generally don't like listening to anyone else's advice do they? but it shows our campaigning is paying off, they are looking into it at least.


please help keep up the pressure on them to finally get it right  by signing the war on welfare petition if you haven't already.






posted by



unknown




at

2.8.13



no comments:
  





























22 july 2013







more propaganda broadcast "don't worry disabled people are fine, go back to sleep..."






just been listening to bbc radio four, they were discussing disability and finances and how disabled people have more of a hard time getting loans. they also went into how it costs more day to day if you are disabled, how this is worse in the current economic climate, and mentioned welfare reform and bedroom tax, giving an example of one woman who has to now pay £20 a week she can ill afford. the report quite good and balanced up until that point, then they read out the government response. 
they said that they are "committed to helping disabled people" still spend 58 billion on disabled people, and that a number of disabled adults and children are actually getting more money under welfare reforms. then went on to say something about some scheme to help disabled people say no to dodgy loans and expanding credit unions. 
i couldn't believe it, i only know one disabled person who is in fact getting more money as a result of welfare reforms. i know many people who have lost money and are afraid they will lose more money when pip comes in. nearly every one of my friends who has mental illness has lost esa on appeal, including myself, the mentally ill are always the first to be screwed over when there are cuts after all.
they completely ignored all the negative impact their reforms have had in their response and as usual didn't apologise one bit or admit welfare reform had gone wrong, it was a disaster, and they were sorry, let alone tell us they were working on putting it right.  they just gave this reassuring response that practically said "go back to sleep, disabled people are fine..." even though the show had just given an example of a person who was suffering.
and to add insult injury those of us who campaign to raise awareness of what is actually happening are now labelled extremists. i just hope the general public aren't falling for all this rubbish, though lets face it they probably are... 





posted by



unknown




at

22.7.13



no comments:
  





























6 july 2013








list of brands available in the uk that use monsanto products.










 
 

complete list of uk brands that use monsanto products, so these companies products probably contain genetically modified ingredients. boycott all these companies for the good of your health!  this site is very useful too called "how to avoid gm foods". and also check out "gm watch"

and if you are in the usa watch the video at the bottom of the post for a full list of products you should be boycotting too.

betty crocker cadbury campbells capri sun carnation coca cola quakers green giant heinz hellmanns nestle spam kellogs knorr kraft lipton minute maid ritz crackers ocean spray pepsi pilsbury power barpringles proctor and gamble quaker ragu weight watchers schweppes uncle bens unilever







posted by



unknown




at

6.7.13



no comments:
  


















labels:
genetically modified,
gm,
list of uk gm foods,
monsanto













older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)





















about me




unknown



view my complete profile



please vist my squidoo lenses


goddesses from different cultures
top 10 sandy denny songs
my memorable 80's toys
who killed hendrix?




follow me on twitter

follow @nancyrowina



add me on facebook

nancy farrellcreate your badge



followers











popular posts









monika dannemann - witness? accomplice? or just a nut job?










my sunday blessing-mental feng shui.










cats.










saturday cat post





things that bug me





the answer to the question "how long is  a piece of string"?










(no title)







blog archive




blog archive
july (1)
january (1)
august (1)
july (2)
june (2)
may (1)
march (2)
february (1)
january (1)
december (1)
november (1)
september (2)
august (2)
july (3)
june (4)
may (3)
april (4)
march (2)
february (5)
january (4)
may (5)
april (3)
february (1)
january (1)
november (1)
october (3)
september (1)
august (2)
july (5)
june (1)
may (2)
april (4)
march (5)
february (8)
january (3)
october (2)
september (3)
august (7)
july (12)
june (7)
may (4)
april (5)
march (10)
february (13)
january (2)
september (4)
august (3)
july (2)
june (1)
may (4)
april (5)
march (5)
february (4)
january (5)
december (4)
november (26)
october (8)
september (6)
august (1)
july (1)
june (1)
may (1)
april (6)
march (9)
february (9)
january (20)
december (13)
november (6)
september (6)
august (9)
july (11)
june (3)
may (3)
march (1)
february (11)
january (8)
december (21)
november (15)
october (21)
september (21)
august (8)
june (1)
may (4)
april (14)
march (24)
february (10)
november (2)
september (3)
august (5)
july (12)






good reads





nancy's bookshelf: currently-reading








more of nancy's books »














pagerank display










follow me on networked blogs.

follow this blog








blogs i recommend










the seaman mom




dinosaur glam eggs for easter



1 week ago












the void




climate chaos is class war and no-one should be telling us how to fight it



4 years ago












apathy kills




alternative being



4 years ago












diary of an sah stroke survivour




we must debunk dwps lame duck excuses



5 years ago












anji patchwork




to and from russia with love



5 years ago












double karma




brexit groundhog day!



5 years ago












where's the benefit?




labour’s disability manifesto: a positive step, but just how good is it?



7 years ago












diary of a benefit scrounger




pleased to say ...



7 years ago












benefit scrounging scum




bloody skegness! blogging against disablism day #badd2015



9 years ago












χριστόϛ




tis the season to be tearful



10 years ago












protestor poet




wca- come on scrap it!



11 years ago












the broken of britain




t'was the night before christmas - by @hossylass



12 years ago








































stat counter






www.hypersmash.com






link market

link market - free link exchange, link building and link trade directoryhave you ever tried to exchange links, link building, or trade links? was it hard? use link market instead; - it is easy to use, free and very smart. it will save you hours of work.










awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























