






elk run vineyard and winery













































home
wines

our wines

red wines
white wines
rosé wines
dessert wines


shop online
where to buy
wine tasting


wine clubs
events
rentals

facility rental
wedding inquiry


about us

about elk run
history
awards


contact us
















shop wines



 



























elk run
elk run vineyards is nestled in the rolling hills of frederick county surrounded by dairy and horse farms and fields of wheat and corn. the name “elk run” was chosen for a stream. the deed name to the property is the “resurvey of cold friday.” it was a land grant from the king of england to lord baltimore. the winemaker’s home is circa 1756.
since 1983 fred and carol wilson and neill bassford, along with associates, family and friends, have made elk run a shining star among american wine producers. using new world research and technology while maintaining the traditions and values of old world practices, elk run’s focus is on producing high quality wine from high quality grapes. soils of schist and shale allow for deep roots and good drainage. seven to eight hundred foot elevations help keep the vineyard safe from frost danger. warm days and cool nights preserve the fruity character in the wines.practicing sustainable agriculture, close spacing and great attention to crop levels allow the wine maker to create wines of varietal character, structure, balance and good color.

browse all wines














						upcoming events					






			mar		

			22		








2:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



		elk run’s exclusive barrel tasting	










			mar		

			30		








2:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



		elk run’s library tasting	










			apr		

			12		








12:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



		elk run yurt tasting experience	










			apr		

			13		








2:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



		spring sparkling wine release	










			may		

			4		








6:00 pm - 9:00 pm 



		may the 4th be with you wine event	









		view calendar	














my girlfriends and i really enjoyed elk run! i found a groupon which prompted me to try this vineyard as it’s a little further away from me than other options and i’m so glad i did!
i love the smaller size of this vineyard – it’s more intimate and relaxing. for awhile, my girlfriends and i were the only people there so we could truly enjoy our conversation and company without distraction. the views are amazing and the employees are very kind and helpful. plus, there was the bonus of the dogs to pet!!
kay-lee h. 
yelp review



we came here after buying a few bottles from a local farmer’s market. we have yet to find a wine here we didn’t thoroughly enjoy.  the location is a little smaller, but the outdoor area is really nice to relax in, though there aren’t heaters or anything so make sure to bundle up or go in warmer months if you plan to enjoy your wine outside. the tasting room is cozy and reminds me of a log cabin.  there are even two resident dogs that are incredibly friendly!
tori m.
yelp review








tasting opportunities
click on tasting opportunities below for details of activities at the winery. we require reservations for groups of 8 or more. if you are arriving by limousine or bus we require you as well as the limousine company to notify us in advance.

wine tasting details









 







come visit us

hours

may-septembertuesday-thursday 10am-6pmfriday 10am-9pm{ wine down friday 6pm-9pm with live music. cover charge is $5.00 per person. }
saturday 10am-6pm{sipping saturdays and sundays we have live music from 2-5 with no cover charge.}
sunday 12am-6pm{sipping saturdays and sundays we have live music from 2-5 with no cover charge.}
october – apriltuesday-saturday 10am-5pmsunday noon-5pm
for customers’ safety, only working dogs are allowed on elk run’s property.





followfollowfollow

phone
(410) 775-2513

address
elk run vineyards
15113 liberty road,
mount airy, md, 21771

join our wine club

learn more





 















































