






































companionlink software - secure pc and mac sync to google, android and ios phones and tablets




























sync products 

companionlink for outlook
companionlink for mac
companionlink for google
companionlink express - act! sync
companionlink express - hcl notes sync
companionlink express - thunderbird sync
companionlink express - time & chaos sync
companionlink pro - goldmine sync
companionlink pro - monday.com® sync
companionlink pro - salesforce sync
companionlink for palm desktop
cl duplicate remover
dejadesktop wallpaper
doublelook enterprise



crm products 

all about dejaoffice
standalone - simple contact manager
express - full crm for pc 
pro - multi-user crm
replace palm desktop 
replace business contact manager 



services 

dejacloud sync
dejaoffice on android and iphone
dejaoffice crm live
dejaflow cloud to cloud sync
free 14-day trial



support 

free support policy
contact us - companionlink support
new pc - install your software
new phone - move dejaoffice data
registering your software
pc sync setup guides
dpc guides and features
runstart - one time paid service
premium support - one year of service



downloads


buy now








we are open for business and available to help you! we appreciate the support of all our customers during this difficult time.





your data from pc to phone, easy, fast, affordable!
sync contacts, calendar, tasks, notes
featured in
                    the new york times,
pc mag and
                    usa today


us based telephone tech support --
                 --             




























companionlink will synchronize your pc data to your phone and tablet.  we specialize in contact, calendar, task and memo sync.  use companionlink if you
                        need:

us based telephone tech support
sync without exchange or samsung smart switch
sync without sending data to google and microsoft
sync outlook folders
colored categories on your phone calendar
direct sync act! ibm notes, goldmine to outlook
hipaa compliant






consistently outstanding service, performance


by ann g.
 on sep 18, 2023

companionlink for outlook
i am so impressed with the outstanding customer support i have received from companionlink, not to mention how pleased i am with how the programs perform seamlessly. wayland has helped me a few times, and, like the rest of the team, is absolutely awesome. finding a company whose support is this consistently good is hard, not to mention the flawless performance of their programs. i am so happy that i found companionlink.



great for 10+years until i went to iphone 


by barbara 
 on sep 16, 2023

companionlink for outlook
i just upgraded my companionlink -- its been great. but its not the same experience using it with iphone. the appointment alarms that i came to rely on are now gone because the alarm settings and sounds are poor and barely audiable. all was so perfect with my android, but i needed the iphone for car navigation. this works poorly with iphone, in my opinion. very disappointed. 



companionlink just works!


by pete s
 on aug 10, 2023

companionlink for outlook
i've used companionlink for outlook for what seems like a decade now and for synchronization of companionlink for android with outlook running on my windows pc it's great and has been flawless, even with over 3000 calendar entries and 400 contacts.



tiffany rocks


by steve
 on apr 17, 2023

companionlink for outlook
tiffany helped me work through a problem with sync - she was great!



works great!


by bruno b.
 on mar 8, 2023

companionlink for outlook
best software i ever purchased.



one of the best programs on my computer.!


by john k.
 on feb 10, 2023

companionlink for outlook
companionlink is without a doubt one of the most important programs on my computer.  it syncs all of my contacts (847 today) and my calendar events (116 today) flawlessly, efforlessly and instantly between outlook on my desktop and laptop and also as a stand alone on my android phone. in most cases it does it automatically!  and whenever there is a problem (and it's always something i've done) their customer service responds faster than any support i have dealt with and always with the right solutions.  you absolutly cannot go wrong with this program.





outlook android sync
android sync via usb, wi-fi, dejacloud from pc or mac for outlook, exchange and office 365
outlook iphone sync
sync iphone without icloud - usb, wi-fi, dejacloud from pc or mac for outlook, exchange and office 365
outlook google sync
sync outlook contact, calendar, and tasks with google
sync google calendar with outlook
sync google calendar, contacts and tasks with outlook, act!, ibm notes, palm desktop
dejaoffice pc crm  
dejaoffice pc crm for windows pcs
act! crm sync
sync act! crm to outlook, google, iphone and android - activities, contacts, notes, history
goldmine alternative
replace goldmine with a stable mult-user on-premise database that can migrate all your histories, notes and secondary contacts.
monday™ sales crm sync
sync monday.com boards to outlook, google, iphone and android - contacts and calendar
thunderbird lightning contacts and calendar sync
sync thunderbird lighting contacts, calendar and tasks to outlook, google, iphone and android - contacts and calendar
free hubspot crm with outlook
sync hubspot crm and free hubspot crm to outlook, google, iphone and android - contacts and calendar
goldmine crm sync
sync goldmine crm to google, and direct sync to iphone and android - contacts, notes, calendar, history
business contact manager
accounts, tasks, projects
palm desktop sync
usb, wi-fi, dejacloud sync from pc
outlook for mac sync
outlook for mac 2011, outlook for mac 2015 - sync to google, iphone and android
time & chaos sync
usb, wi-fi, dejacloud sync
galaxy s23 and s23 ultra sync
sync galaxy s23 and s23 ultra securely with outlook and office 365
nokia 3,5,6,7,7.1 (android)
sync new nokia android phones securely with outlook on your pc
oneplus 7, 7 pro, 6,5,4,3
sync new oneplus 7 pro securely with outlook on your pc
xiaomi redmi note 8, and mi 9
sync any xiaomi mi phone securely with outlook on your pc
pixel 1, 2, 3, 3a (android)
sync pixel phone securely with outlook on your pc
oneplus 7, 7pro, 6,5,4,3 (android)
sync new oneplus 7 pro securely with outlook on your pc
gmail sync
sync gmail contacts, calendar, and tasks with outlook
g-suite sync with outlook
sync g-suite calendar, contacts, calendar, and tasks with outlook
sync outlook colored categories
sync outlook colors to your android and iphone





more choices
i want to synchronize:  


google
android
iphone
ipad
nokia-android
blackberry (android) 
windows phone
blackberry 10
blackberry 7 (original)
outlook
palm desktop
mobile phone
cell phone
ibm lotus notes
office 365
outlook.com

and 


outlook
act!
business contact manager
goldmine
palm desktop
infusionsoft 
ibm lotus notes
office 365
outlook imap folders
outlook pop3 folders
outlook windows store version
outlook for mac
time & chaos
suitecrm
sugarcrm









  








outlook android sync
android contacts and calendar cannot show your outlook data accurately.  so we builte our own
                        solution called dejaoffice.  contacts, calendar, tasks, notes, birthdays, "file-as" field, sort options, and category colors that match outlook.
read more...


usb, wifi, dejacloud sync
unparalleled data security with usb. cloud automates sync across all your devices. wifi uses your home/office network when you are in range.
read more...


1.2 million downloads
we are the #1 selling sync utility because we back our products with free telephone support. we take the risk out of buying with a money-back guarantee if you are not happy. 
















news

oct 17, 2022
companionlink solves error 400 invalid_request for google calendar sync with outlook


oct 10, 2022
dejaoffice pc crm is a high-security contact manager for the new iphone 14


sep 29, 2022
companionlink launches new outlook sync for monday sales crm


jun 10, 2022
companionlink launches win32 crm - dejaoffice on microsoft app store


may 13, 2022
companionlink launches v10 update that includes easy outlook to icloud sync


apr 18, 2022
crm alternative for small business offers low price and increased control


sep 22, 2021
dejaoffice launches easy and affordable contact manager for professional retirees


sep 16, 2021
dejaoffice crm works without internet – for your phone and your pc


aug 24, 2021
fantastic new way to share google calendar with outlook


oct 6, 2020
the best pc based crm software for 2020 integrates dialing on softphone, android and iphone


oct 5, 2020
dejaoffice releases crm app update for ios 14 and iphone 12 


sep 14, 2020
dejaoffice disrupts cloud crm with affordable on-premise multi-user pc software


feb 17, 2020
companionlink launches plugin replacement for outlook customer manager


dec 27, 2019
thee best pc based crm software for 2020 integrates android and iphone sync





sync outlook to android
having your contacts and calendar on your phone, without the hassle, is the most important part of windows 10. read more...

sync iphone to outlook
sync outlook categories, tasks, notes, calendar, and contacts to iphone, ipad, and ipod touch. you do not need itunes, icloud, or exchange. read more...

samsung galaxy sync to office 365 
the most complete outlook sync for galaxy s9, galaxy note9, and galaxy edge. handles contacts, categories, calendar, tasks, and notes. read more...

act! for mobile, outlook, google
one purchase allows you to extend act! to phones, tablets, microsoft outlook, google, and office 365 accounts. works with caller id and maps id/status as categories. read more...

blackberry key2 and keyone sync to outlook
sync to blackberry priv, keyone, key 2. our usb sync works like desktop manager. read more...

mac sync for android, windows phone
don't let your mac prevent you from buying an android. we can sync mac contacts, calendar, and reminders (including categories). read more...

                        » view a list of other supported devices
                        » read media and customer reviews



recent articles




 








proudly in business since 1987







© copyright 1996-2025 by companionlink software, inc. 
                        519 sw 3rd avenue suite #803, portland, or 97204



contact us / 
					oem cloud sync / 
					about us / 
					blog / 
					terms / 
					privacy / 
					google privacy / 
					press







site page views: 
					








ip: 66.228.32.89





