








home | department of allied health sciences

































































































skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content

our websites may use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this collection. for more information, please see our university websites privacy notice.








uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                university of connecticut                            





search university of connecticut

search uconn







a to z index

uconn a to z index







site a-z




uconn a-z
















college of agriculture, health and natural resourcesdepartment of allied health sciences 


search this sitesearch in https://alliedhealth.uconn.edu/>search 











toggle navigation





menu

department of allied health sciences

skip to content

homeabout

about people careers in allied health contact us

undergraduate

overview allied health sciences major diagnostic genetic sciences dietetics medical laboratory sciences ahs at uconn waterbury

graduate

overview certificate programs

researchcommunityalumnisupport us 

search this sitesearch in https://alliedhealth.uconn.edu/>search 






 








launch your career with allied health sciences
the allied health sciences program at uconn prepares students for fulfilling careers in a variety of health care fields. with a degree in allied health sciences, our graduates work in many diverse settings from hospitals and laboratories to research institutions and within communities. as part of an interdisciplinary team, our students help prevent, diagnose, treat, and educate patients to improve health and quality of life.
with programs at uconn storrs and uconn waterbury, allied health students gain a firm foundation with a focus on experiential learning, personalized advising, and a diverse curriculum. whether the next step is graduate school or the workforce, we’re excited to prepare our students for future success.
allied health sciences not only prepares you for the medical professions you expect, but also conceptual and educational paths. this pointed me toward global public health. iris palencia '22
careers in allied health
there's an undergraduate program for you in allied health sciences
ask an advisor about your options
undergraduate majors and professional programs

take your studies to the next level or grow as a health professional
graduate programs

targeted programs to prepare you for high potential careers
certificate programs
program highlight
emergency medical technician (emt) training
the department of allied health sciences and uconn rescue, inc. have partnered together to provide the opportunity for current uconn students to receive emt training.
student resources
advising center
student resources/forms
honors program
allied health in waterbury
learn more about student community engagement and opportunities
learn more about community engagement and experiential learning opportunities available to students in the department of allied health sciences.
about student opportunities
learn more about ahs
learn more about education, research, or community engagement in the department of allied health sciences.
about allied health
apply to ahs
join our vibrant community of students working to make the world healthier. apply to allied health sciences today.
undergraduate admissions
recent news









uconn waterbury poised for expansion with new building’s imminent opening











innovation quest turns students into entrepreneurs 











allied health students gain a glimpse into specialized lab


 


 








contact usphone: (860) 486-2834e-mail: alliedhealthsciences@uconn.eduaddress: department of allied health sciences

koons hall, room 228
358 mansfield rd, unit 1101
storrs, ct 06269-1101get social with us!instagramlinkedintwitterquick links
uconn
cahnr home
undergraduate academic programs
cahnr graduate school
cahnr faculty & staff resources
media inquiries
dietetics preceptor information

  

 



							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


accessibility


webmaster login

a-z index





























