




united homeland realty
































homeabout usfor buyersfor sellersresidential listingsrental listingscontact us 






offering the best in real estate services

© copyright 2011 itsjared designs - all rights reserved.



united homeland realty & managementagents that work for you, selling, buying and leasing your homeslife… done rightfind your perfect homebeautiful homes in the heart of texaswhy wait? sell your home with us today!



i’m here to make buying, selling or leasing your home easy.




buying
think, “dream home”

you need someone who looks after your interests. we are attentive to your needs. we are always available to you.
read more




selling
sold, quickly

in this complex market you need someone representing your interests and protecting your assets until your property is sold. list with me, list with confidence.
read more




property management
my specialty is to do management for your rental properties

we have a large portfolio of rental properties that spread all over dfw area. usually we charge lesser than $100 monthly management fee per house, not 8% or 10% of monthly rent income like others. we have 25 year experiences in this profession.
read more


about usas one of the top rated transaction teams, our highly skilled real estate professionals bring in-depth market knowledge and strong negotiating skills and with proven success to the table. we deliver first class, client focused, real estate services with reliability and integrity for the purpose of building long-term relationships…that’s value!
information aout brokerge service
consumer protection notice
for buyerseverything you need to make buying a home easy. 

mortgage calculator

posted on november 23rd, 2012 in buyers with 										0 comments




first step in the procedures to shop for a house is you need to contact lender to qualify for a loan. there are several kinds of loans like conventional, fha and va loans … in order to qualify for a mortgage loan, you may need to provide some documents to loan originator like  tax return […]
continue reading





find your dream home now!

posted on november 23rd, 2012 in buyers with 										0 comments




low interest rates and huge inventory are great time to buy a house!    
continue reading





buyer’s resources – clearing the maze!

posted on november 16th, 2012 in buyers with 										0 comments




buying a home is one of the most important decisions people can make. home ownership has great benefits and also comes with certain responsibilities. you must first determine if owning a home is right for you and if you are you ready to buy a home. let us help you to determine whether owning a […]
continue reading




« older entries


for sellerswhen you need to sell your home...fast 

listing options

posted on september 16th, 2011 in sellers with 										0 comments




nationwide, the typical homeowner lives in their home for about 7 years before selling. there are some reasons to sell a home. either the homeowner likes to move up to bigger home or better neighborhood. sometime the homeowner like to downsize for better cost of livings or children moving out, transfer jobs… first step to […]
continue reading





free market analysis

posted on september 16th, 2011 in sellers with 										0 comments




before we list your house on market to sell for homeowner, or we make an offer contract for buyer, we always perform comparative market analysis, cma. we will pull out data of all the houses current listings, pending contracts and sold in the last 6 months in the same neighborhood with subject property. we will […]
continue reading







residential listingssearch for properties for sale or for lease
i’m here to make buying, selling or leasing your home easy.
rental listingssearch for properties for sale or for lease
i’m here to make buying, selling or leasing your home easy.
contact us






your name (required)
 
your email (required)
 
subject
 
your message
 




contact info
united homeland realty
license: 515758
1004 cordero dr.
lewisville tx 75067
broker: thames do
license: 449612
phone: 469-867-3434
fax: 972-559-1695
email: uhrealty@unitedhomeland.com
e-mail: uhrealty@unitedhomeland.com


 






