





sawtooth adventure company sun valley rafting in stanley, id




































































book online







book your idaho rafting today!  call 1(866)774-4644 





 
menu






homeclass iii raftingexclusive raft adventure with lunchfamily raft adventuretwilight dinner tripprivate rafting tripgroup tripsclass iv raftinghigh adventure raft with lunchhigh adventure no lunchhigh adventure comboscenic tripsinflatable kayakinflatable kayak trip with lunchinflatable kayak tripidaho fly fishingguided fly fishing tripintro fly fishing tripmore…find your picturesyouth adventure programmountain bikehalf day guided mountain bike rideguided sup tripsgear rentalse-bikesinflatable kayakstand up paddle boardsblogabout ussac guidesmaps, links & infovideoscontact us 





















rafting trips on the salmon river

rafting trips on the salmon river

	                                        sun valley rafting in stanley, idaho.  one day adventures on the famous salmon river. great for all ages & abilities.  click here                                        






class iv whitewater rafting

class iv whitewater rafting

	                                        we love class iv whitewater!  join the sac guides for a fun day of and paddle rafting the class iv rapids of the salmon river. click here                                        






inflatable kayak adventure

inflatable kayak adventure

	                                        a fantastic adventure on the salmon river.  no experience necessary. 
perfect for active and adventurous guests ages 14+. click here                                        






sawtooth scenic river trips

sawtooth scenic river trips

	                                        scenic raft trip on the salmon river in stanley, idaho.  trip includes amazing views of the sawtooth mountains, wildlife, natural hot springs and a catered, riverside lunch or snack. click here                                        








whitewater rafting day trips on the salmon river in stanley &  sun valley idaho

	                        sawtooth adventure company specializes in one day whitewater rafting trips for the entire family on the salmon river of no return in stanley, idaho.  located in the sawtooth mountains, the beautiful town of stanley  is an outdoor recreation gem,  sac offers the very best things to do in sun valley including rafting, inflatable kayaking,  idaho fly fishing and sawtooth mountain biking.                        






book rafting online
click here to book your 2024 trip. rafting trips are available june 1- sept 2nd. reservations required. cancel up to 24 hours.
more info





group rafting trips
family reunions, corporate groups, weddings and youth groups. sac offers extensive experience hosting large group rafting trips on the salmon river.  
more info





sawtooth float trip
our sawtooth scenic float trip is for all ages and abilities.  explore the scenic, flat water section of the salmon river with magnificent sawtooth views!
more info















class iii rafting trips


                                                                                    explore idaho's famous salmon river and the sawtooth mountains in stanley, idaho. perfect trip options for all ages & abilities.  guaranteed the best part of your sun valley family vacation.                                         	                                                                                more











class iv whitewater rafting


                                                                                    the sac guides love sharing the class iv whitewater on the upper salmon with our guests.  trips include wetsuit, helmet and river shoes. class iv trips are available the entire month of june and early july.                                        	                                                                                more











kayak trips


                                                                                    tackle the rapids in your own boat!  sac's kayak trips include wetsuit, helmet, river shoes and kayak instructor. you will learn basic stokes and techniques while running super fun class iii whitewater. active & adventurous.  ages 13+                                        	                                                                                more











stanley, idaho.


                                                                                    stanley, idaho is the perfect mountain tow.  nestled on the salmon river at 6,200 ft in the shadows of the sawtooth mountains in central idaho.                                        	                                                                                more






book a trip with 1-click!












recently on our blog


sawtooth valley steelhead update. stanley, idaho


whitewater rafting trips in stanley and sun valley, idaho


stanley, idaho


seasonal, full- time, commercial driver position in stanley,  idaho


exclusive sun valley raft trip


 

connect with us

facebook
instagram
tripadvisor



trip advisor








 





sawtooth adventure company llc works in partnership with the sawtooth national recreation area and is an equal opportunity employer.
 





copyright © 2025 sawtooth adventure company - all rights reserved  |  privacy policy

designed by a surfer














