











restaurant marketing agency orange county












































skip to the content 





who we aremenu of servicespackagesconnect 













who we are
menu of services
blog
connect








home






restaurant marketing
food is your art form. marketing it is ours.


explore services






you’re one in a million
but not always in a good way. how do you get customers to choose you over every other restaurant? how do you engage customers so deeply that they become more than customers but ambassadors passionate about your brand?










we show the world how amazing you are.
your dishes are flavorful, your drinks are dynamic, and your atmosphere is poppin’. now, you just need people to know it! let us tell your story through mouth-watering food photos, traffic-driving social posts, a seamless delivery process, and more.



learn more






our services
whether it’s showcasing your latest cocktail or developing a six-month social media calendar with content, we combine creativity and design with data and analytics to connect you with your customers.










food photography

images so enticing people will think they can smell the spices.



										learn more									










hospitality marketing strategy

so your business stands out in all the right ways.



										learn more									










brand development

from your logo and menu to your wall colors and to-go containers.



										learn more									










social media

convert your casual customers into dedicated brand aficionados.



										menu of services									










digital advertising & design

your website is just as critical as your dining room.



										menu of services									










email marketing

engage your guests and boost your covers.



										email marketing									







how we help



the meeting
we meet with you to learn about you. we want to understand your goals and your issues, your dreams and your hangups. it’s both therapeutic and informative!


the plan
we develop a plan that is customized to you. there’s nothing worse than paying for stuff you don’t need, and we only put in the plan what will actually move the needle.


the action
we execute, analyze, and report back…to you. there’s no fluff here. we act on the plan, and then we use actual data to show you how well it worked.




reach out




5-star clients


























				restaurant marketing came on as a strategic advisor for our growing restaurant chain. their team of designers are top notch and has been invaluable in helping us with a brand refresh and social media overhaul. highly recommend working with this team.
			
kyle markt
executive chef/founder at green tomato grill



working with the restaurant marketing team on social media content and community management has been a great experience. i appreciate their flexibility, dedication, and expertise when it comes to delivering on projects. they are a valuable extension of our digital marketing team.

melissa de guzman
yogurtland digital marketing manager



exceptional experience with restaurant marketing. their strategic social media approach elevated our online presence and enhanced customer engagement. the team’s creativity and dedication truly set them apart. highly recommended for any restaurant looking to thrive in the digital landscape.

efthemios tsiboukas
founder of eat fantastic restaurants



a pleasure to work with. very professional and responsive. consistently providing excellent content for our marketing needs. highly recommend restaurant marketing.

greg finefrock
founder, finney's crafthouse







ready to get cooking?



reach out










grab a seat at the table.

get hospitality marketing bites delivered to your inbox.









email




captcha




  





 






 












 
restaurant marketing combines experience in technology and the food and beverage industry to help hospitality businesses beautifully and effectively communicate their brands through food photography, social media, marketing strategy, website design, email marketing, and more.




look around


who we are
menu of services
blog
connect









								get in touch
						
949-439-1652
workwithus@restaurantmarketing.com
restaurant marketing
34 plaza square #207
orange, ca 92866
































© 2025 restaurant marketing, inc. | privacy policy | terms of use










































   


