












plastic surgery clinic & med spa in knoxville, tn





















































865-588-1662




facebook




instagram


  





facebook




instagram






 
 
 










home
plastic surgery

breast augmentation
breast lift
breast reduction
liposuction
abdominoplasty
face & neck lift surgery / rhytidectomy
eyelid surgery / blepharoplasty
rhinoplasty
otoplasty / ear surgery


injectables

botox
dysport
restylane
sculptra


skin care treatments

aqua facial
chemical peels
dermaplaning
dynamic muscle stimulation (dmst)
intense pulsed light (ipl)
laser hair removal
microdermabrasion
pigment concerns
skin tightening
facials
veins
microneedling & rf microneedling
products


skin care devices

aquafirme xs & derive
splendor x laser
stellar m22
trilift
scarlet rf microneedling
skinpen


about

our team
beautiful you program
privacy policy
messaging privacy policy


promotions
contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 













plastic surgery clinic & med spa in knoxville, tn











“blending art and science to provide quality plastic surgery and med spa services in a comfortable, personal environment.”
a positive body image improves your perceptions of well-being—and your quality of life. at aesthetic plastic surgery associates, p.a., dr. stephen m. lazarus strives to provide the latest in cosmetic surgery and med spa procedures, such as breast augmentation, breast reduction, liposuction, abdominoplasty, rhinoplasty, face lift surgery, and more. we’re also experts in services such as dysport, botox , sculptra, and dermal filler injections. skincare services include microneedling, skin tightening, laser hair removal, facials, and more. all cosmetic procedures and services are done in a safe, caring, and comfortable environment. you are offered in-depth patient education and the personalized attention you deserve, making aesthetic plastic surgery associates, p.a. a special place for your cosmetic surgery and skincare procedures.

















































knoxville plastic surgeon
meet dr. lazarus
board-certified by the american board of plastic surgery, dr. lazarus has been selected as one of the best doctors in america for his outstanding work in plastic surgery. he has consistently been recognized as a top plastic surgeon in knoxville, tennessee, by cityview’s annual top doctors survey.

contact dr. lazarus










plastic surgery
recognized throughout knoxville for natural results, dr. stephen m. lazarus strives to provide the latest in cosmetic surgery procedures like breast augmentations and services in a safe, caring, and comfortable environment. dr. lazarus not only personally performs all surgical and injectable procedures, but he also offers in-depth patient education and the personalized attention you deserve.
learn more




injectables
we perform botox, lip injections (restylane), dysport, and sculptra injectable procedures for our patients. our patients appreciate and trust the expertise and training dr. lazarus and our nurses have in the art of administering injectables. you can be sure that dr. lazarus and our team offers the same attention to detail and concern for patient satisfaction with injectables as they do with surgery.
learn more




med spa services
med spa in knoxville, tn. we provide skin care services like facials, microneedling, chemical peels, and more. a medical-grade skin care regimen and treatment plan is the foundation of beautiful skin and ageless beauty. our rn skin care providers offer outstanding advice on how you can achieve beautiful results. we believe that skin care is instrumental in providing the best outcomes in injectable and surgical procedures.
learn more







med spa specialities








injectable fillers
we offer botox, dysport, lip fillers (or restylane), and sculptra. our fully trained nurse injectors offer attention to detail and concern for each patient’s injectable procedure.



learn more






laser hair removal
we offer comfortable laser hair removal treatment for a wide range of concerns including unwanted hair, pigmented lesions, and veins, regardless of skin type. learn more below!



learn more






skincare 
we offer facials, microdermabrasion, chemical peels, skin tightening, face lifts, and more! check out our services below and book your free skincare consultation today!



learn more







our plastic surgery specialities








liposuction
dr. lazarus brings his own skill and artistry to the surgical removal of fat deposits below the skin, giving you the shape you want.








eyelid surgery
dr. lazarus can remove the excess skin and fat from your upper and/or lower eyelids, which can cause you to look older and more tired than you feel.








facelifts & neck lifts
turn back the hands of time with an age-defying facelift. knoxville, tennessee, plastic surgeon dr. stephen lazarus performs facelift surgery for patients all across the state and region who wish to look and feel years younger.










breast augmentation
attain the beautiful, natural-looking breasts you desire with the highest quality implants, provided with surgical precision.








abdominoplasty
sometimes called a tummy tuck, abdominoplasty helps create a slimmer, flatter abdomen and a curvier waistline.








rhinoplasty
in this popular procedure, dr. lazarus works closely with you to ensure that you receive the ideal nose to complement your face.











followfollow







testimonials






 dr. lazarus is an excellent surgeon, his professionalism and experience are top notch. i would not be comfortable with any other plastic surgeon. his attention to detail and precision is excellent. his staff and follow up care is also remarkable. i would strongly recommend dr. lazarus and his staff to anyone interested in his procedures. 
b.w.






dr. lazarus and his staff made me feel so comfortable and relaxed at my first pre-op consultation. i immediately knew that he would take care of me and i would receive the results i had hoped for. dr. lazarus really made me feel at ease about the surgery. he is so easy to talk to and really listens to exactly what you want and your concerns. i absolutely love the results of my surgery. my results were exactly what i wanted and i wouldn’t recommend any doctor but dr. lazarus! 
e.a.






i’m about 3 months post-op, and i am very grateful to dr. lazarus because i think about how happy i am with my results every single day. not only is he an artist, he’s very kind, patient, and comforting. the entire staff was absolutely wonderful and i could have not asked for a better experience. it went above and beyond any expectation i had in every single way.
a.o.







read all reviews



 







home
plastic surgery
injectables
products
skin care services
about
 801 weisgarber road, suite 500
knoxville, tn
865-588-1662

 





all content copyright © 2025, aesthetic plastic surgery associates, p.a.. website design by slamdot.


 

 
 
 





 






















