







union free america


union free america





this web site is dedicated to the vast majority
of american workers who have chosen to deal directly with their employers rather
than through a union.  according to the
bureau of labor 
statistics in 2011 only 11.8% of all employees were union members and on 
private payrolls it was just 6.9%.
this is not a "love your boss, he
can do no wrong" web site.  whether you like your employer or not
isn't the point.  

most
american workers don't want to be union members, but they are playing against a 
stacked deck.  it is stacked even worse if they are stuck with a
union and want to get rid of it.
the purpose of this site is to
provide information and encouragement to employees who want to stay or become
union free.

legislative alert: 
congress is considering a bill to deny employees a secret ballot vote on union 
representation. this bill is perversely named the "employee free choice act."
why i
don't want a union - the top ten reasons not to be
union. if you don't like the choices, enter the contest.
  union
membership in america - here's the latest information about the decline in
union membership.
  where
can i get information about union finances? find out about union finances by
checking the reports unions file with the u.s. department of labor.
  where can i
get information about union political contributions?
do unions
spend dues dollars on politics? does a fish swim?
unions and acorn 
- labor union support for a radical leftist organization.
where can i
get information about union corruption?
staying
union free - the union organizer is at the door.
decertifying
a union - regaining your freedom.
rules for radicals - 
the rules of power tactics from saul alinsky's book
2010 most 
decertified union award - teamsters win again
neutrality
agreements and card checks - union desperation and employer cowardice an
injustice to employees.
auto
industry - union ain't
wanted
killing jobs
- labor unions are dying! are they killing our jobs, too?
sinking ship
- would you book a cruise on a sinking ship?
public
employees - union issues in public employment are different
healthcare
providers - healthcare employees are in the union organizers' crosshairs
construction
workers - the hard hat corner
hard hat
stickers - american flag "america works best union free"
no holds barred 
- fake study funded by unions says employers oppose unions
visit the online
store - bumper stickers, buttons and t-shirts for union free workers
quotes - please share 
interesting quotations with us
support union free america
- donate to union free america
contact
us - we want to hear from you










home
        - donate
        - contact - privacy
        policy





