



gapyear, midlife & corporate volunteer programmes abroad | the leap
















































    our february 2025 programmes are filling fast for midlife and gap - get in touch with our friendly team to reserve your space. 









+44 1672 519 922


login


leap programme
access your programme my leap area
login 


backpacking advice hub
access the backpacking advice hub
login 


midlife leap
access your trip details
login 










who takes the leapgap year travellersmidlife adventurerscorporate volunteersabout usget in contact










leap programme
access your programme my leap area
login 


backpacking advice hub
access the backpacking advice hub
login 









who takes the leapgap year travellers
midlife adventurers
corporate volunteers

about us
get in contact

book now 

 book now

gap year 
midlifer 
corporate 





need inspiration?
join our backpacking advice hub to explore country highlights and itineraries.
find out more








achieve. empower. grow.
through transformative volunteering adventures combining culture, contribution & challenge
don't just walk through life, take the leap











gap year leap












midlife leap










corporate leap















culture, ﻿contribution & challenge
welcome to the leap and our transformative volunteering adventures overseas, tailored for gap year explorers, midlife seekers, and corporate teams. our unique journeys seamlessly blend volunteering, challenge, and culture, offering you an experience like no other, where personal growth is guaranteed.

authentic connections, life-changing impact
our meticulously crafted itineraries are made possible through our dedicated overseas partners, who run inspiring grassroots social enterprises. their deep local connections and knowledge enable us to venture off the beaten path, immerse in local cultures, and make meaningful contributions.

25 years of unmatched expertise
for over 20 years, the leap has built a global network of dynamic, impactful projects that are always in search of dedicated volunteers. whether you join one of our scheduled travel experiences or opt for a bespoke itinerary, we offer volunteering adventures across africa, asia, central and south america tailored to your interests.

discover your next adventure
conserving turtles in costa rica, aiding high andean farming families in peru, or creating new coral reefs in kenya? these are just a few of the transformative volunteering experiences awaiting you. start exploring and contact us to find your perfect fit.






















gold star service



admin - going the extra milemaking sure you are organised and guided through your travel admin, from flights to insurance.







the leap experience
we go the extra mile, leaving no stone unturned.whether you're a gap year student, midlife adventurer, or corporate traveler, your leap experience will encompass teamwork, sustainable projects, adventure, and top-tier service. the leap boasts an exceptional network of overseas partners, enabling responsible and safe off-grid travel. as experts in complex travel logistics, we're here to help you navigate your travel plans. contact us today to start your journey.





team travel




camaraderie and friendship guaranteedour team programmes involve a gathering  of like-minded spirits who will tackle the challenges and adventures together.











sustainable volunteering



responsible projectswe work with dynamic enterprises who are making a huge difference to communities, environment and wildlife.







off grid travel



in-country teamsour connections overseas all have great inside knowledge as to where and how we can travel off the tourist trail, safely and responsibly.












find your perfect volunteering experience

scheduled and bespoke adventures available
we send gap year, midlife and corporate teams away on either scheduled or bespoke adventures.
what is hugely important to us is that we match expectations so everyone ends up on the right adventure for them. so start exploring and get in touch.











gap year volunteering 





midlife volunteering adventures 







corporate volunteering 





travel advice hub 
























 insights from national geographic 

motivations and benefits of gap year programmeswe are excited to share an insightful article by ben clatworthy for national geographic, which highlights how gap year trends are increasingly focusing on personal development and responsible travel. this piece not only endorses our approach but also underscores the growing recognition of the benefits our programmes offer.it suggested 79% would embark on a trip with the main intention being 
that the experience would make them more employable. it’s a theme that 
runs through the report: around 87% believed vocational travel would 
improve their employability, while 86% said they’d sign up to volunteer 
on a project related to their ideal future career path.

full article click here 




















ucas change their admissions process
ucas has announced they will be scrapping their 4000 character personal statement and instead be asking 3 set questions for 2026 undergrads. you will now be asked:
1. why do you want to study the course?
2. how have your qualifications and studies helped you to prepare for this course?
3. what else have you done to prepare outside of education and why are these experiences helpful?
this means that now more than ever, if you are taking a gap year or going travelling in your summer after school and before uni then make it productive. don't just hostel hop. 
use your time to fuel your application and enhance your skillset to give your application a chance of standing out from the crowd. our leap programmes are curated to do exactly that - provide you with soft skills and practical hands on experience (ie in conservation as one example) while incorporating challenge, contribution and culture. 
browse our team programmes 




















milly's midlife quest for enlightenment continues...
milly, always up for trying anything new in the name of midlife recently took part in a cacao ceremony...while it may have taken her a day to recover she thinks she will stick to our midlife programmes for leading the way in bucket list moments. yoga in sri lanka anyone, or maybe you fancy trekking in peru...we have all our 2025 dates live on site and can't wait to welcome you.as always, here for a chat if you have any questions on 01672 519 922.
browse midlife adventures 












read our blogs











personal development through travel
how travel helps shape resilient, capable and empathetic individuals
read more 









midlife travel
the midlife 'sod it' moment and why group travel is just what we need
read more 














discover the new era of gap year volunteering programmes
explore the leap's unique blend of culture, challenge, and contribution
read more 










subscribe for the latest leap articles


















yes please 





























"i can’t think of a better company"
clementine has just finished her costa rican adventure with you and has absolutely loved it. she says it was fantastic from start to finish and the group couldn’t have asked for a better team looking after them led by chris. the same applies to you too. you have been brilliant from the get-go and nothing seems to have daunted you – ever! getting the children out there was no mean feat and your ability to switch the programme to costa rica from cuba at such short notice was very impressive. the photo at the beginning was a great touch and you have been incredibly responsive to every query however small.  thank you both for everything, i can’t think of a better company to have used for clementine’s trip.
- tania ( mum )









"how fantastic you all are"
we really can’t thank you enough for everything you have done to make this amazing adventure happen, and for all the hand holding for mimi and us along the way! it’s incredible that they have managed to have as close to normal a gap year as it must be possible to have right now and we are enormously enormously grateful to you and everyone at the leap who has helped make this happen. thank you.  we have been spreading the good word about how fantastic you all are!  
- selina ( mum )









"your support is very much appreciated"
we knew in choosing the leap she was travelling with your ‘safety blanket’ and so it proved. rachel at trailfinders is also just the best.  very best wishes for continued success in such a challenging environment.  the leapers who are able to travel this year owe you and your team lots of gratitude for getting them away (and back!!).
- anne ( mum )









"change the course of their lives"
i am filled with admiration at all the trouble you have taken over every detail, so much appreciated when filling in all those damn forms! and it was brilliant that you kept us all (in our case 3 generations!) involved and informed about the changing situation every day. it has been so difficult for this group of 18 year olds unable to do their a levels properly and with all the attendant problems of the pandemic.  i think the programmes you are offering may well change the course of their lives not only for the future of the planet but also by giving them opportunities to work hard together at the same time as having fun.  huge thanks and congratulations, i’m telling everyone how fantastic you are!
- caromy (grandmother)









"how on earth you have managed to pull this off i don't know!"
but you have all been absolutely incredible. i never could have imagined charlie being able to take part in such a fantastic project in this, the strangest of years! i have huge admiration in your professionalism and ability to deliver in the toughest of times.  thank you so much, i'm sure the presence of the team will do wonders for the project and wonders for the team members... what a fantastic opportunity for them all!!
- andrew fairs

















get in contactwe have a great team to advice on our gap year and midlife adventures  or build a bespoke corporate experience.
or give us a call on +441672 519 922and chat with one of our (very friendly and knowledgeable) team. 














































opt in below so you can be the first to hear about our new adventures and travel advice.
 yes please.

















2002 - 2025 the leap overseas ltd121 high st, marlborough, sn8 1lz
need help?
unsure of where to go or what to do? let us help you.
 +44 1672 519 922





who is this for


gap year
midlifer
corporate



why us


why us?



contact us


contact us
sitemap



stay in touch













company no: 4383531 | booking conditions | privacy policy | created by gel studios


















