


great activities you can do with your dog















 

dog lover gifts





 
activities for dogs



activities articles behavior breeding getting a dog shops stories site map





  
great 
    activities you can enjoy with your dog  


here is an introduction to some great things people do with their dogs. most 
    activities welcome all dogs, whether purebred or of mixed breed heritage. 
    some of these activities are classed as "working dog" activities, but are 
    also done on a recreational basis, or as a public service. some dog activities are purely 
    recreational in nature, while others are competitive dog sports. many of these activities may be new to you. i have 
    chosen my links based upon how welcoming they are to the merely curious. 
people who play with their dog, stay with their dog.
why do dog activities matter? why promote them? dog activities matter because they help dogs keep their homes.  
when people and dogs do things together it is good news all around. many 
            of these activities provide the structure that helps people learn to better 
            communicate with their dogs. the dogs have a better opportunity to learn good 
            manners. that makes them easier to live with and less likely to be given up. 
            the activities help people get in touch with one another to share information. 
            that also helps people to learn about dogs, to avoid problems, and to solve 
            them in a healthy way. the activities provide exercise in a fun way that boosts the relationship. the exercise, in turn, reduces boredom. a dog that exercises with its human is less likely to have behavior problems. a wonderful side benefit is that these activities can 
      be a mental boost for humans and dogs alike. www.noorinfo.com iaomc
do we need lessons on having fun with our dogs?
all the evidence is, yes, we need to learn how to have fun with our dogs. too many people just don't know how much fun their dog can be. their relationship is one way; they haven't learned to communicate. they need help learning how to have fun with their dog. when they enjoy their dog they are motivated to work through problems, to solve them instead of giving up on the dog.
and yes, your mutt can play too. 
the big surprise to me was how many activities i can do with my mixed breed 
      dogs. and the variety of sports, games, and just plain good times was also 
      an eye opener. many of the activities listed here will be new to you. some 
      of them you may have seen on tv, but never thought of getting involved in 
      yourself. well plunge right in and explore. you and your dog will be glad 
      you did.  
fun things to do with your dog: games, sports and just good fun

   	agility - in, out, over and through this sport is all about working as a team 
   	animal assisted activities	and animal assisted therapy - the warm head of a friendly pet can soothe a lonely heart 
   	bikejoring - some dogs love to run. adding the responsibility of teamwork adds to the fun. 
   	canicross - dog powered running for those who want to share their running goals with their best friend
   	carting - channel the desire to pull into harness work that lets the dog feel useful and skilled 
   	coursing and racing - root instinct drives the joy of running with purpose in coursing and racing 
   	day trips and vacations - the dogs need not be left behind, bring them along for even more fun 
   	disc dog or flying disc - if there was ever meaning to jump for joy this is it, jumping with achievement 
   	dock jumping or dock diving - dogs who excel in this sport are love to show they can do it further and better 
   	dog camps - activity sampler - too many choices? take a vacation with your dog and sample a variety 
   	dog parks and dog walks: socialization and off-leash play - a joy for the social dog, think tot lot
   	dog scootering	 - some dogs love to run. adding the responsibility of teamwork adds to the fun. 
   	earthdog trials - instinct, drive, and flying dirt - what more could an earthdog want 
   	flyball - excitement, speed, and focus, a sport for dogs driven to do it faster 
   	flygility - racing and teamwork to build confidence and a sense of belonging	
   	games - the most basic of interactions, fun ways of practicing skills of hunting, fetching, working together 
   	herding - it's all about the dog's instinct and desire to control and direct movement for the pack leader 
   	hiking, backpacking and dog walks - sharing our quiet moments, our contemplations is the essence of being a pack 
   	hunt and field trials - working as a team is what drives these dogs	
   	kids and dogs - dogs and kids can be a wonderful pairing with a little learning to keep it safe and fun	
   	mushing - for dogs who love to pull and people who want to let them	
   	musical freestyle - the ultimate in teamwork is working with rhythm and coordination 
   	obedience - precision, focus and a great activity for perfectionist dogs, those who love to get it exactly right 
   	performance art (tricks) - curiosity and a willingness to try new things makes this fun

   	pet facilitated therapy - for the dog who loves attention what better way to get it than visiting people in need 
   	precision drill teams - the excitement of success, of meeting a challenge and being a part of the team 
   	pulling - great for dogs who love to pull, and people who want to let them 
   	racing - for the dogs who love not just running but being faster than the next one 
   	rally obedience - more focus on teamwork, less focus on precision, fun and relaxed for human and dog 
   	ring sport - a sport that says "i can be a contributing member of the family" some dogs thrive on responsibility
   	rollerblade - a fun way for dogs and humans to share exercise and fresh air 
   	schutzhund - tracking, obedience, protection, schutzhund is all about what a well rounded dog is all about 
   	search and rescue - for some making a difference is important, that includes dogs, they know it matters 
   	skijoring - dogs love to pull, people love to ski. put the two together and you have skijoring.
   	sledding 
   	sniffer dog 
   	stock dog trials 
   	tracking 
  treibball - herding balls instead of sheep 
   	visiting pets 
   	water work 
   	weight pulling 

topics covered on this site:
dog activities
opinion and contemplation about dogs
dog behavior and training issues
dog breeding and placement practices
getting a dog resources
mixed breed dogs
my dogs

help with 
    contacting dogplay

 


dogplay is a service owned and operated by diane blackman. it provides articles, 
    information, advice and opinion on our relationships with our dogs. articles 
    from dogplay have been reprinted in publications across the united states, 
    and even on occasion outside the united states. dogplay is the service mark 
    that identifies the source and character of the information published here 
    and elsewhere. the purpose of this web site and the information, articles, 
    and items produced in association with dogplay is to improve the welfare 
    of the domestic canine by encouraging a higher level of interaction between 
    people and the dogs they've chosen. 




 


  dogplay home page
lost? pagelist lists all the dogplay pages.
check the help page. 
learn more about dogplay.
before making a link request, check my criteria.
do you have products to sell? check the dogplay partners page. 
 

enjoy

 

 
        support
dogplay
        




 
 

copyright © 1996 
    diane blackman      created: february 12, 1996      updated january 27, 2011     


help with contacting dogplay  
 
for information on linking and other uses of this material see the copyright
page. 
disclaimer and privacy policy
unauthorized copy discovery is enabled 
 

help        about                     partners        listing      home





