




 




olympic cellars – family owned, women operated – home of the “working girls”



































home

visit
news

current tasting sheet




shop wines & gifts

  current wines & prices (fall-winter 2023)


wine club

  wines & prices


events – summer concerts

fat chance – saturday july 20, 2024
sway – saturday, july 27, 2024
good day sunshine – saturday, august 10, 2024
eden – saturday, august 17, 2024


wholesale customers
 



















 












255410 highway 101
port angeles, wa
(360) 452-0160 

 



















family owned, women operated – home of the “working girls” 

 













our wines 






working girl wines




 working girl wines




 dungeness series




 olympic cellars series




 specialty wines




 lake lodge series




 wines & prices (spring 2022)





many guests to the winery ask about the working girls and their story. we even get a few jokes about the name. but really, it’s who we are.


she’s a classic (white)
our signature blend of chardonnay and riesling will ease the crankiness and stress of a long day. this “sassy little number” will surprise you — a medium-bodied, crisp, floral blend that offers aromas of apples, tropical fruits & flavors of pears, sweet herbs, and honey. off-dry.
 

go girl red
a lush little number that is currently a merlot blend.
this “spunky” wine is tamed by its sensuous, velvet finish. we’ve often said it has the power to turn a gunnysack into velvet!
the style of working girl wines is soft and smooth, easy to drink without a lot of tannins and oak. it was made especially to express the fruit and the softness of merlot.
lovely fruity aromas drift up from your glass as you swirl and sniff in anticipation.then with your first sip, you taste bright racy fruit, including blackberries.

rosé the riveter
rosé wines sometimes take a bum rap. there are different styles to every wine and grape. an authentic rosé wine is crushed and the wine sits on the grapes’ skins for about 24 hours. this short contact with red grape skins gives the wine a rainbow of light red colors depending on the grape.
our rose is made from lemberger grapes.  it’s semi-sweet, and the little bit of sweetness is balanced by the natural acidity in the wine. the two complement each other making this one of our favorite wines. we say this is our 5 o’clock wine.
this wine presents a brilliant raspberry color and a nose full of red currant, strawberry, and cherry.
all this fruit explodes in the mouth with evolution to fullness and a perfect balance between acidity and a titch of sweetness. long fruit finish.

  





the dungeness series red and white are part of our heritage wines.  learn more.


 











2021 dungeness white riesling
riesling
wa – columbia valley





alcohol 13.50%


dungeness white is a semi-sweet riesling and you won’t find a better wine to enjoy with your dungeness crab or our local shellfish.  it’s the most popular wine sold at our summer concerts.
 
a semi-sweet riesling, pale yellow color with a beautiful nose of fresh apple and apricot. it is like drinking a tropical fruit basket of peach, apricot, tangerine, and asian pear in the mouth. enjoy the soft and smooth mouthfeel.



 








 









2017 dungeness red lemberger
lemberger
wa – champoux vineyard





alcohol 14.50%


dungeness red is medium-bodied and made from the lemberger grape. although red, light tannins and bright berry flavors make it the perfect pairing with grilled salmon.
an “old world” grape with origins in austria and germany. a beautiful deep purple color, it has vibrant notes of blackberry and blueberry. this is a refreshing red wine packed with fresh berries and acidity. medium bodied. a perfect pairing with salmon & tomato-based dishes.

 




 



 



  





the olympic cellars series is our more premium brand consisting of varietals and classic blends.  these are our finest wines. our winemaker carefully crafts award-winning wines that are well-balanced and delicious. they are meant to be enjoyed for special occasions both big and small. we do not make the same wines year after year, so when you visit, you’ll find something new to enjoy. learn more.

 
current offerings in the olympic cellars series include:






2021 chardonnay
chardonnay
wa – colombia valley

alcohol 13.90%




the nose has layers of vanilla, golden apple, yellow plum, and candied lemon peel. the mouth has a delicious combination of pear, yellow plum, and lemon peel with vanilla and light oak on the finish.



 











2016 winemaker’s signature red
red blend
wa – yakima valley
lonesome spring vineyards





alcohol 14.20%

winemaker’s signature bordeaux blend, 2016     blend of cabernet franc, cabernet sauvignon, malbec, merlot, petit verdot, and carmenere’. winemaker greg vogtritter created his first signature bourdeaux blend during his first crush with us in 2013. this single vineyard 2016 vintage is even more complex and delicious. tastes of plush blackberry, bing cherry, and light oak







 





 pinot noir, non-vintage
pinot noir
wa – white dog vineyard





alcohol 13.90%


 



a blend of 2017 and 2018 pinot noir. this is a lighter style red with well-balanced acidity, light tannins, and a berry flavor along with a touch of vanilla. the grapes are from white dog vineyard in washington state










 





my sweet syrah
syrah and late harvest riesling
wa – colombia valley

alcohol 13.50%

our signature blend of syrah and late harvest riesling. this wine is a bit lighter than a varietal syrah, lush and semi-sweet (3.5% residual sugar). bright fruit is sumptuous and smooth. a beautiful dessert wine or just for sipping. and it’s dangerous with dark chocolate. “the sweetness of the wine lingers on your lips like a first kiss”.


 



 



our most popular specialty wines are our port-style wines and, of course, our cranberry jubilee. many local and distant customers would not dream of setting the thanksgiving and holiday tables without a bottle (or two) of this blend of cranberry, riesling and chardonnay.


 












2014 sailing moon red
red blend
wa – upland estate vineyard





alcohol 20.00%


a blend of four portuguese grape varietals – tempranillo, tinta cao, touriga, and tinta madeira; co-fermented and fortified with brandy. this port-style wine is 20% alcohol. the voluptuous mouthfeel and heady aromas of ripe, dark fruit will lure you in while deep, rich concentrated bing cherry will finish you off. never cloying or simple always complex and sensuous.



 









 






 










cranberry jubilee
other
wa – other





alcohol13.50%


bottled in limited quantities, this blend of cranberry and chardonnay and riesling is medium-bodied with a fruit-filled cranberry finish.  tart, crisp and just a little bit sweet. enjoy on the patio with a fruit and cheese plate in the summer or with a turkey dinner in the fall.



 






 



  



our lake lodge series is the newest addition to olympic cellars, these wines can be found at these specific lake lodges!

kalaloch lodge chardonnay
chardonnay
wa – colombia valley

alcohol 14.0%

this chardonnay pairs well with coastal cuisine, a stainless steel style chardonnay that has a crisp and clean finish. this wine has a delicious combination of pear, yellow plum, lemon peel, and orange along with a lovely tint of apple to pair with it delightfully. 

 
kalaloch lodge lemberger
wa – champoux vineyard

alcohol 14.50%

an “old world” grape with origins in austria and germany, this wine has a stunning deep violet colour to it. the wine has vibrant notes of raspberry and blueberry, it is a refreshing red wine with a touch of acidity. it is medium-bodied, and a perfect pairing with salmon and tomato-based dishes. 

kalaloch lodge ruby beach red
wa  – columbia valley

14.50%

a table wine that is full of delicious surprises. it’s fruity without being sweet, and medium-bodied with a light oak touch. perfect for storm watching and sunset viewing after a day of exploring the tide pools and driftwood piles.

lake quinault lodge chardonnay
wa – columbia valley

alcohol 14.0%

a delicious stainless steel style chardonnay with tones of pear, apple, yellow plum, apricot, and a tint of citrus touches to it. this chardonnay has a clean finish and pairs well with coastal cuisine.

lake quinault lodge pinot noir
wa – white dog vineyard

alcohol 13.90%

this wine expresses a unique terroir of combining flavors of pinot noir grapes with a fresh fruit-forward style it is made by the winemaker, gregory vogtritter.

lake quinault lodge syrah
wa – sagemoor vineyard

alcohol 14.50%

this syrah is rich, smooth and tastes of sweet blueberry to plum. when you taste this syrah you’ll be greeted with a dance of flavors that will taper off leaving a spice anise note in the aftertaste. 

lake quinault lodge winemaker’s red blend
wa – columbia valley

alcohol 14.50%

a deep rich claret color, this wine tastes of plush blackberries, cherries, and deep tones of plum. it pairs well with sunsets or storm watching after a day of exploring mossy trails.  



download a full list of all of our retail wines offered. be sure to save when you ‘mix & match’ half or full-case purchases, or by becoming one of our extra special,  and free, wine club members!
 
 












 





amazing events 







 craft and wine series 





a fun time with some wine!
olympic cellars will be hosting craft and wine from september to may. we will not have craft and wine from june to august due to our summer concerts. but look out for the upcoming news on these events and come join us for some fun!
the “wreaths around the fire” will have more information on the event below!
tickets are available! 
please be sure to purchase! tickets are limited. 





 sip and wicks





january 13th, sip, and wicks
on january 13th there will be a candle crafting event! those who purchase a ticket will be able to make a candle of their own or if they want to follow one of the examples we will have available! express your creativity to the fullest! there will be wine and non-alcoholic beverages available for purchase. the event will be from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.! 
we look forward to seeing you there!
you can acquire tickets here 





 summer concert series





summer concert series
from july to august we will be holding non-profit fundraising concerts where groups raise money to assist with their projects that will benefit the community. a variety of music covers are played by different bands, the concerts tend to last from 7:00 p.m. to roughly 9:30 p.m. when the concerts are back be sure to buy your tickets and come by for some fun! please be sure to purchase any alcoholic products from the vendor outside during the concert. 



 







 
















wine club
   a wine club where you can pick the wines you want!
customer’s choice membership 
savings: members receive a 20% discount off our regular retail prices every time you purchase wine.
no membership fee: there is no cost to join and you can cancel at the end of 2-3 shipments based on your schedule… we ship 4 bottles 3 times a year or 6 bottles twice a year if you live in a warm/hot weather state.
click here for more information 

 









 





olympic cellars winery     
255410 hwy 101port angeles, wa 98362360-452-0160 
 info@olympiccellars.com 

 






hours 2024

january – may: daily 11:00 – 5:00
june – september: daily 11:00 – 6:00
october – december: daily 11:00 – 5:00
call (360) 452-0160 to place your order.
enjoy our sipping deck for tastings.
closed: thanksgiving, christmas, new year’s day, superbowl sunday, easter – and due to inclement weather.
 





 



 



 










newsletter
join our mailing list today 








 

 































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






feedbackfeedback 





 
