

hair transplant & hair restoration
































dr. shapiro's hair institute • 1-561-414-4509









contact us

florida locations
email




afr hair transplant photos

men's transplant photos
woman's transplant photos
photos of special cases
patient testimonials
hairline photos




hair transplant cost

hair transplant financing
the cost of hair restoration




the procedure

why we are unique
about dr. shapiro
hair term glossary
accelerated follicular restoration




hair education

faqs
types of hair loss
articles
women's hair loss
african american hair loss
news/pr
lectures/events
videos
blog
help hair products
studies
hair loss book




home





hair transplant & hair restoration













	
 				the leader in hair transplant solutions, dr. shapiro holds 22 years of experience in hair restoration
				and transplantation from his south florida locations in delray beach, florida, dr. shapiro's hair institute is a popular destination for many nationwide as well as
				for those living in and around boca raton, west palm beach, jupiter, naples, tampa, stuart, ft. lauderdale, miami. 
				as well as other popular us cities such as atlanta, dallas and houston.
				with $3 fu/graft and $5-$6 fue/ graft, hair transplant cost
				doesn't have to be expensive.  call today to find out how dr. shapiro can help you have the hair you want!
			




help hair™hair vitamins
meet dr. shapiro, who'll design your hairline.
>> dr. shapiro:about hair lossas low as $2-$3 fu/graft& $5-6 fue/graft



new book!fight hair loss & win! 




1000's of hair transplant photos - updated weekly
helphair shake •
study •
recommended lab tests for hair loss. •
more ...



experienced
it's no wonder that dr. shapiro has made quite a name for himself. in practice in the same location since 
				1989, dr. lawrence j. shapiro has performed over 11,000 micro-minigraft/follicular 
				unit hair restoration surgery procedures. as a dermatologist (the treatment of skin, 
				hair, and nails) he specializes exclusively in hair restoration surgery. he was 
				the first hair loss doctor to do a "strip 
				incision" and the first doctor in the southern u.s. to specialize in "micro-mini grafts" developing this 
				hair treatment to a state of the art procedure.  
dr. lawrence shapiro is the hair transplant physician of choice for other medical physicians.  he has performed
				over 1000 procedures on his medical colleagues.  call and ask us for physician references.
dr. shapiro has a highly trained and experienced 
				medical staff, many of whom have been with him since the beginning. they specialize exclusively in 
				assisting in hair restoration surgery. this knowledgeable and caring team is here to help you 
				through the entire process. want to see more? you can view hundreds of our 
				hair transplant photos as well
				as our many patient testimonials.

accelerated follicular restoration™
after a hair transplant, the new follicles enter a dormant phase which 
				normally lasts for 3-6 months.  after that initial period a hair follicle ordinarily starts growing.  after 
				years of observation we have recently discovered how to decrease the dormancy phase with our 
				patent pending and proprietary  accelerated follicular 
				restoration™ (afr™). growth now starts at 6 
				weeks to 2 months.

 dr. shapiro will be a faculty member at the the annual scientific meeting of the ishrs, san francisco, october 23rd-26th; and at 
the annual congress of the japan society of clinical hair restoration, november 23rd-26th, where he will be lecturing on the 
low anabolic profile, help hair shake, and the s.h.a.p.i.r.o. chart. as faculty, he also lectured at the 
iat convention in san antonio. and help hair shake attended the world hair congress in edinburg, scotland at an international research conference on hair regrowth.

				
dr. shapiros's paper  entitled the  "low anabolic profile in assessing a patient's overall hair loss program with s.h.a.p.i.r.o. chart pathway(s) 1, 2, 3" has been accepted for publication in the journal 
				"skin surgery", which is an official journal of the japan society of clinical hair restoration (jschr).
				
				

hair transplant cost
at dr shapiro's hair institute pricing is extremely affordable. we know you want to 
				look your best for work, social or other activities. but you don't 
				have to pay an arm and a leg for a head of hair. dr shapiro 
				personally performs all his procedures and because he is the 
				most experienced hair transplant physician in the world he could 
				charge more than any other doctor. he would rather you get a fair 
				price so you could afford more hair and do less. 
				click here for more information.....
as low as $2-$3 fu/graft, as low as $5-6 fue, and combo.
before & after afr™ - amazing growth in just 6 months! see more photos ...


























as low as $2-$3 fu/graft!   1-561-414-4509 as low as $5-$6 fue/ graft




hair restoration surgery relies on the genetics of hair growth. for most people, a sizable portion 
				of hair never falls out; it is genetically coded to grow throughout life. it is this permanently 
				growing hair that serves as a "donor" region for hair restoration surgery. and hair loss in women
				can also be successfully treated.
"i flew in, had the procedure and flew back out the next day.
				it was easy and convenient 
				and i now have a great head of hair! -- frank l., chicago, il"
if you have already had hairline loss, hair transplants are the only option for restoring natural 
				hairlines. because "donor hair" is genetically resistant to the male/female-pattern balding, it can 
				be used for the restoration of natural hairlines which are also genetically 
				resistant to balding.




dr. lawrence shapiro
						reviewed by michael t., 2011-12-05
"i never thought i would do something like this, but 
						dr. shapiro made it so easy.
								when i went in for my consultation he actually let me see a 
							procedure and the patient was so comfortable
								and happy i knew i had to do it."
rating: 5






dr. lawrence shapiro
						reviewed by jose r., 36, 2009-07-18
"i thought i was destined to be completely bald, but dr. shapiro changed that, permanently! 
				this website is incredible. no other doctor has this much information- packed with articles and 1000's of before and  
				after pictures. other doctors have 3-4 before and after pics on their website and no information and they charge 3x the price." 
rating: 5




at dr. shapiro's hair institute we offer 1000's of referrals and we can 
				arrange for you to meet any of the patients shown on this website in person and many more. 
				so if you have a particular type of hair or hair loss or have an 
				african-american hair loss or another 
				ethnic background or gender we will match you up with the a person with the same hair 
				loss so you can see them in person. no other doctor in the world can offer you that individual attention. 
				that's because no other individual doctor has performed as many micro/follicular unit procedures 
				as dr shapiro! view before and after photos and see successful hair restoration cases we have performed.
americans are besieged with hair loss treatment ads using misleading  
				advertising. if you are genetically prone to hair loss and balding, fda-proven hair loss treatments may help slow the process if they are used early and often. however, hair loss treatments are not permanent solutions to your hair loss problem and can become very expensive over time with possible side effects.
we want your dreams to be affordable.  that's why we offer 12 month interest free financing toward 
				your hair transplant cost. 
				and, why not come while you vacation? - enjoy a florida holiday break! call our 
				hair replacement clinic 
				today (and get 100 free grafts as a bonus!).
we've also got a collection of health tips and interesting hair facts at 
				our blog and in 
				our videos. see 
				our disclaimer on our photo pages.




dr. lawrence shapiro
						reviewed by jeff l., 2011-03-17
"my results were amazing! with afr my hair grew without falling out. it didn't even go dormant. 
				i have a lot of growth at 6 months and cannot wait to see how it looks at 8 and 10 months."
rating: 5






dr. lawrence shapiro
						reviewed by zaifi k, 2012-08-04
"dr shapiro did a great job. he gave me the choice of fue or fut. but he explained that i would get a lot more density with fut.  he was right. with fut there is much greater density and if you notice that not many websites will show you before and after pictures of fue." 
rating: 5







testimonials

24/7 rn on call

send  hair pics - free consult


"nothing is worse for a woman than loosing her hair.  dr shapiro is amazing and with  his vast  experience and in depth extensive research in  the science of hair growth and hair restoration - he is light years ahead of his competition. no wonder he is the leader in his field.  my hair looks so natural even my hair stylist can't tell. thank you so much!" -- ann f., 48, fort lauderdale, fl.  

as low as $2-$3 fu/graft!  1-561-414-4509
				dr. shapiro has been featured in the following: 

member, international society of hairrestoration surgery, trustee giving circle.    
					
in 1980, dr. lawrence shapiro was elected a member of the prestigious phi beta kappa society for his high level of academic achievement, one of few hair restoration surgeons to be so honored.























































dr. lawrence shapiro and miami fire rescue support the florida special olympics.
	
				




note: results will vary based on number of sittings, hair texture, color, density, the number of grafts performed
and placement of the grafts and the amount of hair loss the patient has prior to the sitting. 

hair transplants are permanent but will not stop the progression of normal hair loss.

although we have had good results we cannot guarantee that your hair transplant will grow in the accelerated time even with afr. this information is considered anecdotal evidence based on reports by the patient at the time of follow up. double blind studies are currently going to be done by one or more of our 15 worldwide afr clinics. proper usage of the help hair shake and low anabolic profile assure optimal results.


delray beach hair restoration & transplant clinic
5050 w. atlantic ave.
							delray beach, florida 33445
							561-499-2111


hollywood hair transplant & restoration clinic
				3990 sheridan street #201
				hollywood, florida 33021
				561.499.2111
				561-414-4509



florida hair restoration locations |
				sitemap |
				about dr. shapiro 
hair transplant cost |
                hair transplant cost |
                dr. shapiro hair replacement |
                dr. lawrence shapiro florida hair replacement |
				contact us

						serving: 
					ft. lauderdale,
					miami,
					palm beach
					and many more locations.
copyright 2004-2025, dr. lawrence j. shapiro, d.o.p.a.,all rights reserved, disclaimer






















