









inc legal services












welcome
      call  


702-227-2244
winter 
hours 
mon-friday pdt 9 - 2:00 
   





			introduction 


			here's what we do
 (short and sweet)


			what's right for you


			faq

			why nevada?


			shelf entity  info

			 us

			tax mitigation 
 





click on our 31st to see our 
				first business license
 
 











incorporate now! our clients have 
				always come first in 
				our 31+ years! call we will help you get it 
				right the first time and you will save!

we 
				will 
				give you what you need;
				
business address,
				
business checking account,
shelf entities,
				
corporate credit

s corporations, probably a mistake! 
				see
				
s yes or no
!llc or a corporation! 
				read below!

 we at ils offer a unique combination 
				of professional services; including complete filing preparation 
				for corporations,
				
partnerships, llc's, 
				and trusts; 
				with services such as setting up 
				business checking accounts, office 
				identity 
(virtual exclusive office) 
				we also offer director services, 
				our financial consulting includes accounting, organization and contractual 
				preparation. inc legal services 
				services 
				are designed to meet the needs of clients from all over the globe. 
				we have enjoyed success providing our clients with specialized planning 
				for asset protection and privacy by assisting our clients with management 
				consulting in the income tax-free states of wyoming/nevada. we can 
				answer your questions: why incorporate
			in nevada or should i use wyoming? what are the reasons for choosing 
			an llc or a corporation? no (reasonable) question
			go unanswered. we should mention wyoming 
				does not offer corporate charging order protection.

main advantages of incorporating in 
				wyoming and domicile in nevada!

for small and medium size businesses, 
			nevada is the preferred jurisdiction in which to be domiciled. now incorporating 
			in wyoming gives equal access to a series of fiscal and legal benefits 
			with asset protection and tax exposure reduction being the two primary 
			reasons that people choose to be incorporated. then comes the companies 
			domicile which means "primary resident", not to be confused with "registered 
			agent". when incorporating or converting to wyoming you may retain 
			an address in nevada (see office presence) as 
			well as ein, banking and original filing date (if you purchase a 
			shelf),  reason for domicile in nevada, nevada does not share 
			information with irs where wyoming does. so you reduce 
			the annual state renewal cost from $650 to $50 yet maintain the 
			nevada benefits.

tax advantages state and 
			federalthe first main consideration when deciding whether to incorporate in 
			wyoming/nevada is the effect on tax exposure. wyoming and nevada offer 
			corporations with outstanding fiscal advantages. wyoming/nevada do not 
			have business income tax, corporate shares taxes, state corporate tax, 
			franchise tax, or inheritance tax. however, nevada now has a state business 
			license which is like a tax and increases based on income with high 
			penalty rates. also in these jurisdictions corporations do not have 
			to file state tax returns and shareholder information is held private.
			federal with nevada information is not shared with irs, however 
			wyoming does.

asset privacy
another advantage of wyoming/nevada incorporating; the shareholders 
			(owners) are provided with beneficial and unparalleled asset 
			privacy, reporting and disclosure obligations are lighter than in other states. 


flexibility

in wyoming and nevada the 
			shareholders of a standard corporation may consist of any number of 
			individuals of any nationality, and/or any number of corporations. shareholders' 
			identities are protected in both states. additionally the managers, 
			directors and/or officers in either wyoming/nevada corporation, are 
			protected from personal liability for acts committed on behalf of the 
			corporation, by the corporation.
 

about us | 
							site map 
							| privacy
    policy | 
contact
    us | © 1993 - 2025 inc legals
 
 






 
		
  
inc 
		legal services


 
		


what's right for you? f.a.q. 
			why wyoming vs nv? 
			

pricing / order forms organization 
			charts


 


