









providence, ri/hotel/bed & breakfast/edgewood manor/charles newhall house






















































(401) 781-0099
edgemanor@aol.com
 

 232 norwood avenue providence, rhode island (ri) 02905
  
 
 










home

history


edgewood manor

rooms


specials
weddings
policies
the area

faqs about providence, ri


directions
blog
book now
 


select page


  




rooms





weddings





call





book





menu



 



 



 
















edgewood manor innplan your weekend escape to providence and stay at our finely appointed inn.









edgewood manor innthis luxurious providence, rhode island bed and breakfast offers a romantic getaway.









edgewood manor inn all guestrooms & suites are luxuriously decorated in victorian & empire style. 









edgewood manor inndowntown providence is just over 2 miles away and offers an abundance of things to do.









edgewood manor innthis property, as well as, this whole street in providence is listed on the national historic register. 









edgewood manor innlush gardens and an outdoor patio invite you to sit, relax and enjoy your time here. 












edgewood manor
is a wonderful choice for a rhode island vacation or romantic getaway in providence. we are conveniently located 2½ miles from historic downtown and 3½ miles from t.f. green state airport in warwick, rhode island.
guestrooms and common areas are superbly furnished with period antiques and fine art. each guestroom offers a private bath and cable television. rooms with fireplaces and lavish whirlpool tubs are also available.
breakfast is served daily in the two dining rooms and/or on the outdoor patio (weather permitting). to further enhance your stay, luncheon and dinner suggestions are available since there are many fine restaurants in the area.
our guests can relax and read or congregate in the sitting room which boasts of a magnificent domed ceiling.
please take advantage of a special package for yourself or purchase a gift certificate for a birthday, anniversary, or other occasion.





edgewood manor inn

experience edgewood manor, the most luxurious providence bed and breakfast. this historic greek revival mansion, circa 1905, is elegantly appointed with exquisite antiques and fabulous artwork. our rhode island b&b offers beautiful bedrooms, magnificent sitting rooms, and lovely gardens.











all guestrooms & suites are luxuriously decorated in victorian & empire style. this greek-revival mansion and architectural jewel is adorned with leaded & stained-glass, fine art, and period antiques. cost of rooms range from $179 to $369 a night. please ask about corporate rates.

finest rhode island bed and breakfast outsideof newport, five stars out of five.
the unofficial guide to bed and breakfastsin new england 2002 and 2003 edition

cheryl k
my husband’s grandparents owned the now edgewood manor in the 1940s. he lived there with his parents and grandparents for several years when he was very young. he has vague memories of life there as well as a number of photos. my daughters and i decided it would be a great christmas gift to book a room there for him and me. we stayed there two days after christmas and what a treat. we spent a great deal of time exploring the inn and taking photos. andy, the innkeeper, booked us in the victorian room which was lovely. andy told us it was originally a master bedroom and we imagined that it was most likely my husband’s grandparents’ bedroom. the next morning andy met us and gave us a personal tour of the inn explaining much of its history. my husband remembered that the third floor had a ballroom with a small orchestra pit. when the catholic church took ownership in 1950 it was turned converted to a convent and the ballroom became bedrooms. my husband shared old photos with andy who was delighted to see them.
the original architecture was a special treat to see in all its glory and the antiques andy has carefully chosen to furnish the inn are amazing. it is evident that this inn is a labor of love for him. edgewood manor is truly a magical step back in time. would love to return.
cheryl k –  jan 2018
going back home




















elegant rooms & suites

a wonderful hotel alternative in providence, ri our inn offers beautiful bedrooms that are elegantly appointed with exquisite antiques and fabulous artwork. all rooms and suites are decorated with victorian and empire furnishings.


 private bath
 cable television
 wifi
 air conditioning
 fine linens & plush towels
 jacuzzi tubs
 gas and wood burning fireplaces


reserve now












fireplace room








dining room








house interior








dining room








dining room








formal dining room








formal dining room








fireplace room








in 1905, samuel priest, a wealthy businessman, commissioned this three story greek revival mansion. acquired in 1994 and restored to its original grandeur, this 18-room mansion boasts of five ornate fireplaces and stunning leaded and stained-glass windows.
guestrooms and common areas are superbly furnished with period antiques and fine art. each guestroom offers a private bath, cable television and free wireless internet access. rooms with fireplaces and lavish whirlpool tubs are also available.

reserve now







gift certificates 
order for birthdays, anniversaries or holiday gifts.



specials
we are a wonderful choice for a rhode island vacation or romantic getaway in providence.



weddings 
book our ballroom for that special day.





edgewood manor
what our guests say










 first time in a bed and breakfast it was my first time in a bed and breakfast in this country and my boyfriend and i made the right choice. we definitely will be coming back. i loved the night we spent here.
– kd s 








 loved it! my husband and i stayed for a week this past summer. we loved the inn, the breakfasts, the owner/chef and the area.
– patti m. 








 it was so realxing my fiance and i stayed there for a weekend and it was very beautiful and we loved how everything was in walking distance. we are planning to stay there for our honeymoon.
– cynthia ruiz 












edgewood manor
weddings





edgewood manor
edgewood manor, with its historic greek revival mansion, is the perfect backdrop for a rhode island wedding. every room of our luxurious bed and breakfast exudes romance and can host a variety of weddings and receptions. we also host anniversary parties, engagement parties, baby showers and christenings and bereavements. whatever the event, you will be surrounded by the antiques, fine art, and the stained glass of the main house.

read more
















 








edgewood manor  

experience edgewood manor, the most luxurious bed and breakfast, and it's sister property next door. 

(401) 781-0099
edgemanor@aol.com
232 norwood avenue providence, rhode island (ri) 02905


follow us













providence, rhode island-º----------------providence weather 



© copyright . designed by iloveinns.com. all rights reserved. 
 

 
 
 



close this module
book direct to get the best pricing!
discounts available on multi-night stays.call: (401) 781-0099





































