



home | ethics center | uci social sciences



















 
 




















































 


 undergrad    grad    alumni 






















we use cookies on this site to enhance your experience and tailor content. by continuing to use our sites, you accept our use of cookies. for further information please see uci privacy and legal notice.
i accept





















home
about
friends
people 




executive board
core faculty
affiliated faculty




tobis fellows





programs/awards 




summer mentoring program
tobis day / tobis medal
silverman award




caucus of concerned scholars
vaughen archives
mentoring
contact












home
about
friends

people

executive board
core faculty
affiliated faculty
tobis fellows



programs/awards

summer mentoring program
tobis day / tobis medal
silverman award


caucus of concerned scholars
vaughen archives
mentoring
contact











 

what causes moral behavior?
exploring this quintessential question at the heart of ethics is the goal of the uci
                        interdisciplinary center for the scientific study of ethics and morality. the center
                        was established in 2003 by a group of scholars from social sciences, social ecology,
                        biological sciences and medicine interested in recent scientific research that yields
                        insight on the origins and causes of morality. in creating the center, uci faculty
                        are addressing topics that reflect critically on the moral implications of the new
                        frontiers in science.
housed in the school of social sciences, the center convenes faculty, researchers,
                        graduate students, and visiting scholars from all disciplines to conduct studies,
                        present lectures and publish professional papers and proceedings from public talks
                        and organized conferences.

 

our choicesi write not as director of the ethics center but as a scholar who has spent most of
                        her professional life trying to understand the psychology of prejudice and hate that
                        erupts in war, genocide, ethnic cleansing, and other related forms of unspeakable,
                        unbearable, unjustifiable immorality. as the human tragedy in the middle east unfolds,
                        i thought i would share this video (https://youtu.be/hdi2p4dosj8?si=si16rd18epajsrhq) from the new president of harvard, which captures much of what seems most important
                        for members of university communities to remember.
yours,kristen monroe


 



in memoriam: paula garb
it is with profound sadness that we acknowledge the passing of paula garb, whose dedication
                           and spirit touched all of us at the ethics center. paula, who served as a tobis fellow
                           and was a vibrant part of our intellectual community, had recently completed her memoir
                           and was deeply engaged in writing a chapter about her work as a citizen peace-builder
                           through the olive tree initiative. christina ong will honor paula’s vision by completing
                           this chapter, which will be included in an upcoming book on navigating challenging
                           dialogues across political divides.
we extend our heartfelt condolences to paula’s family. we are immensely grateful for
                           the opportunity to have known such a remarkable and inspiring individual.
with deepest sympathy,kristen monroe, directorandrada costoiu, associate director of the mentoring program



 

politics, principle and standing up to donald trump: moral courage in the republican
                           party (ethics international, uk. on amazon.)
 a new book coauthored by uci political scientist kristen monroe discusses ethics and
                        principles and their relative place in politics.  the book was written with 13 students
                        in the summer mentoring program: daniel delpassand, isabelle dastgheib, aniket kamat,
                        alexis kim, brock lichthardt, manasaa meenakshi, antonia park, elise park, evan razmjoo,
                        max razmjoo, luca shakoori, sunny sun, and  daniel yoon.
it can be purchased on amazon
in politics, principle and standing up to donald trump: moral courage in the republican
                              party (ethics international press ltd, uk), uci distinguished professor of political science
                        kristen monroe and her student coauthors offer insight into moral courage in politics.
                        they draw on in-depth interviews, public speeches, social media, and archival data
                        to analyze four sets of diehard, conservative republicans who nonetheless broke with
                        president trump: (1) senators john mccain, mitt romney, and jeff flake; (2) congressional
                        representatives adam kinzinger and liz cheney; (3) committed, stalwart republican
                        leaders like rick wilson of the lincoln project; and (4) dedicated white house officeholders
                        like miles taylor and anthony scaramucci.  what made these conservative republicans
                        stand up to trump when so many others have not? their answer provides new analytical
                        insights into the trump phenomenon, our understanding of moral courage in politics,
                        and what the re-election of the former president could mean for the future of american
                        democracy.
for an interview about this book with an american civil rights activist, please click here


 

ethics brief 10-09-2022
professor, equity advisor, and ethics center board member mahtab jafari works to help
                        iranians facing persecution and violence on their university campuses. october 7,
                        2022 uci has the privilege of having a diverse faculty, students, and staff from around
                        the world. events taking place in iran recently were precipitated by the tragic and
                        unjust killing of mahsa amini on september 16, 2022, while detained by the morality
                        police. amini had been arrested for wearing an “inadequate hijab” and her death has
                        triggered ongoing peaceful protests in iran and around the globe, including here and
                        elsewhere in southern california. at uci, professor, equity advisor, and ethics center
                        member mahtab jafari has spoken out in public and with local leaders at the orange
                        county board of supervisors asking that the united states do more to support one of
                        the largest national examples of efforts to uphold basic human rights.
these events in iran alarm and trouble us as people concerned with human rights everywhere,
                        of course, but especially as members of a fellow university community. student protests
                        in iran have been brutally repressed, resulting in numerous deaths over the last 3
                        weeks. one special example of concern occurred on october 2nd, 2022, at sharif university
                        of technology. the alma mater of a significant proportion of uci engineering students,
                        sharif students were cornered by the government militia on the grounds of the university.
                        best estimates suggest hundreds of innocent students were terrorized and tortured
                        behind the locked doors of the university itself. many were taken into custody, battered
                        and are still in prison. video footage of the events brings home the tragedy and anxiety
                        felt by all iranians around the world. we join with members of the iranian faculty
                        at the uci college of health sciences to request both a letter of condemnation of
                        the atrocities against members of another academic institution with strong student
                        ties to uci and the provision of psychological and other necessary support to uci
                        members who have been afflicted by these developments.  we join the other universities
                        in the uc system that have already released statements and acted against these atrocities.


 

message from the directorwe are concluding our summer mentoring program this week (the end of july 2022) and
                        want to thank everyone involved for their help. we are adding two items (below) via
                        video clips. the first summarizes the work done in the nine different modules taught
                        this summer.( video b which i will send) the second describes work done on how to
                        combat prejudice and includes video descriptions of work done by students in political
                        science 138 taught spring term 2022 and funded by an illuminations grant from the
                        chancellor. we are proud of the work done by the students featured in both videos
                        and are grateful for the financial support. (final project introducation video)


 
2024 summer mentoring program
the 2024 summer mentoring program will be on-line and we will accept students from
                     all over the world for a virtual program of mentoring during the weeks of july 15th,
                     2024 – august 9th, 2024.
please check the summer mentoring program page for further details.
 

 
supporting the centerif you would like to make a tax deductible donation to support our programs, please click here. thank you!
 

  














events




january  13


minimizing conflict at the individual level










january  27


what everyday people can do to change the world










february   3


national reconciliation: israel and the palestinians










february  10


the holocaust, rwanda-burundi, the khmer rouge, bosnia, and american police










february  24


northern ireland: the intractable irish problem, solved (?): a 500-year perspective











news








donald trump and his new big tech besties
kristen monroe, political science, quartz, jan. 13, 2025






  more news . . .





















connect with us
 
					 
					 
					 
					 
					









diversity
 diversity statement and plan
 equal opportunity and diversity
 land acknowledgement
 notice of nondiscrimination
 title ix
 


resources
 accessibility
 campus safety
 emergency information
 map & directions
 privacy statement
 


quick links
 employment opportunities
 news
 events
 school directory
 give
 


for students
 undergraduate studies
 graduate studies
 alumni
 outreach programs
 research programs







© uc irvine school of social sciences - 3151 social sciences plaza, irvine, ca 92697-5100 - 949.824.2766








©



