



  



oakleys bistro 

























enable javascript to view all content
skip to main content









events
menus
gallery
catering
about
contact



reservations





1464 w 86th st. indianapolis | 317-824-1231


welcome to oakleys bistro
we are open for lunch and dinner tuesday-saturday, closed sundays & mondays.  food is our passion and sharing it with our guests is our joy, we look forward to seeing you soon.
  weight loss efficacy: measuring generic xenical‘s success. when considering whether to buy generic xenical, one cannot dismiss its track record in helping individuals shed pounds. the generic version, just like its brand-name counterpart, contains orlistat, which works by preventing the absorption of some of the fat from the food you eat, leading to a caloric deficit which is necessary for weight loss. studies demonstrate its effectiveness, particularly when paired with a low-calorie diet and regular physical activity, bolstering the drug’s reputation as a facilitator rather than a sole solution.  
              


hours
lunch
tuesday – saturday 11am – 1:30pm
dinner
tuesday – thursday 5pm – 9pm
friday – saturday 5pm – 10pm
reserve a table
order online
gift cards
 









upcoming events

special holiday hours
wine dinners
reminders









reminders
our lunch and dinner menu items and wines by the bottle are available for carry-out.  
our full menu is available for delivery/online ordering by using the online order tab.
we can help with your entertaining needs at oakleys bistro, your home or at a place of your choosing.
we offer gift certificates online or in person at the restaurant.
many of our house-made spices, soups and dressings are packaged for your oakleys at home use.
be the first to get our news: sign up for our periodic emails at chris@oakleysbistro.com










menus

note that our menus list ingredients, not items. our menus also change, sometimes subtly with slightly different preparations and always seasonally with the freshest products available. these fresh products include meats, poultry, fish, vegetables, greens, herbs, dairy, fruits and condiments each with unique flavors, textures and appearances.


with a passion for food, our kitchen team has the joy of matching and pairing these diverse qualities and characteristics in creating signature dishes, pleasing to the palate as well as the eye. we love what we do.




valentine's day prix fixe menu $95.00 per person, 3 courses with choices in each course
cocktail menu
devour winter jan. 21st thru feb. 1st
wine

dinner menu
lunch
february dinner - robert craig winery $235.00 person plus tax and gratuity
dessert









gallery




















































































































catering
private parties & onsite catering
host your next event at oakleys bistro. our dedicated event coordinator will work with you to plan the perfect day.
check pricing & availability:
or call our event line at 317-824-1231.
offsite catering
please call our offsite catering coordinator at 317-824-1231.








about us


bio




steven j. oakley, chef/proprietor

it’s commonly thought that you know you’ve found your life’s calling if you’d do your job for free. chef steven j. oakley personifies that idea. his career began at age 16 when he offered his services to a suburban chicago restaurant for free: “i just wanted to work, i wanted to learn,” says oakley. that emphasis on hard work and continual learning has culminated in chef oakley arriving at the top of his profession in indianapolis.
that structured education didn’t temper his need to learn from other chefs in other kitchens and he spent many weekends traveling to new york city to work in some of the most prestigious restaurants in the country, including the park avenue café and lutece–for free of course. he spent summers back in chicago where he worked at the famous charlie trotter’s. following a brief stint at the scottsdale princess resort in arizona, chef oakley returned home to chicago where he worked for another landmark restaurant, printer’s row, and again, charlie trotter’s.
benvenuti, a venerable indianapolis eatery, called him away from the windy city for good. he spent a year there before joining forces with something different restaurant in 1993, where he spent nine years receiving many accolades including nominations for the prestigious james beard rising star chef’s award and the restaurant’s induction into the restaurant hall of fame.
and now, as chef/proprietor of oakleys bistro, which he established in december 2002, he is living his childhood dream and hoping to help others do the same. an unpretentious, neighborhood american bistro is very different from the haute cuisine establishments of chef oakley’s previous experiences. put in his words, “we wanted to dispel the notion that special food should be reserved for special occasions: we created an affordable, everyday destination where every meal is a special occasion.”
achieving such recognition as being named “one of the hottest restaurants from coast to coast” by bon appétit, receiving the american culinary federation’s national achievement of excellence award, and “restaurant of the year” and “superstar” from the indianapolis monthly magazine, oakleys bistro reflects its owner’s passion for food and sharing it with others. but chef oakley’s sharing goes beyond the traditional, evidenced by the restaurant & hospitality association’s neighborhood award to “honor restaurant operators who go above and beyond supporting their communities.” the association specifically recognized that not only does oakleys bistro contribute a portion of its sales of products to second helpings, indianapolis’ only food rescue, job training and hunger relief program, but also chef oakley opens his kitchen for training and hiring those who demonstrate a true passion for food and who understand the demands placed on a first class kitchen team.

from capturing first place at the food network—simon mall’s “super chefs live” competition and being invited as a guest chef for cakebread cellars’ american harvest dinners and epcot’s international food & wine festival to being named one of indy’s best and brightest by the business community and honored for the past several years as a semifinalist in the james beard foundation’s best chefs in america awards, chef oakley most cherishes the accolades from those who join him and his team for lunch and dinner at oakleys bistro. when asked to what he attributes his success, chef oakley responds, “you have to love what you do.” he does—and it shows.










latest news






steve oakley chosen as a james beard award semifinalist. read about it.




chef steven oakley was the winner of beat bobby flay – “inside scoop”!










contact us
1464 w. 86th st.
indianapolis, in 46260
email: info@oakleysbistro.com
reservations & offsite catering: 317-824-1231
private parties & onsite catering:
check pricing & availability → 
or call the restaurant at 317-824-1231.







 









reservations & offsite catering: 317-824-1231
info@oakleysbistro.com |  1464 w 86th st. indianapolis, in 46260



     

© 2025 oakleys bistro. all rights reserved.



↑









