





harley davidson motorcycle dealer in villa park, il | wild fire hd



















































































skip to main content











toggle navigation







buying

new inventory
certified pre-owned inventory
pre-owned inventory
bargain bikes
custom order request






selling

trade in your bike
sell your bike
consign your bike
rider 2 rider



finance department

get approved
insurance providers
h-d® visa
promotions



parts & service

parts department
service department
priority maintenance program
extended service plan
custom coverage



apparel

apparel promotions
the shirt shop



learn/rent/tour

jumpstart™
learn to ride
adventure bike training
advanced riding classes
motorcycle rentals
motorcycle tours



customer corner

event calendar
referrals
storage options
reviews

blog



about us


work with us
motorcycle tech training
contact us







wild fire harley-davidson®

120 w. north avenue
 villa park, il 60181
us

phone: (630) 834-6571
email: b.chaddick@windycityhd.com,j.pelsis@windycityhd.com

fax:
			(630) 834-6620








we buy bikes!click here


join our email listclick here





wild fire harley-davidson®
120 w. north avenue, villa park, il 60181 (630) 834-6571






wild fire harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in villa park, il, near rosemont and oak brookwild fire harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in villa park, il, near rosemont and oak brook
to hell with a destination, for $443/month*. stop in todayto hell with a destination, for $443/month*. stop in today
wild fire harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in villa park, il, near rosemont and oak brookwild fire harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in villa park, il, near rosemont and oak brook








previous



pause



next









shop hundreds of new units
shop over 1,000 used units






$100
per month






$200
per month






$400
per month














street®





sportster®





dyna®





softail®





v-rod®





touring





trike





cvo™





electric





adventure touring






previous



next















our story
wild fire harley-davidson® is owned and operated by riders, for riders. we are proud to employ some of the best and most passionate motorcycle enthusiasts at our store in villa park, il! we live and breathe the motorcycle lifestyle with a passion for the iconic harley-davidson® brand. our core pledge to our valued customers always begins with choice, convenience, and value.  we’re engaged in our communities and strive to connect one-on-one with you every day to meet and exceed your expectations long after purchasing your next motorcycle.

visit wild fire harley-davidson® in villa park, serving oak park and evanston, il  today to fulfill your personal dreams of freedom on the open road. we have access to the largest inventory of up to 1,000 new and quality pre-owned motorcycles in the country. our staff will guide you in choosing your next bike while offering proper fitting, and test rides. no matter which bikes you decide on, our professional financing staff will go the extra mile to ensure you get competitive rates and worry-free warranties. check out our award-winning service, parts, and accessories, and motorclothes® departments to get all the extra gear you need to outfit your bike for your next trip!

if you’re new to riding, we offer a comprehensive riding course at chicago & milwaukee motorcycle school! try your next bike before you buy with chicago motorcycle rentals to see which bike suits your riding style best. continue your journey with awesome adventures with group riding adventures at chicago motorcycle tours. find out for yourself firsthand why our customers ultimately become raving fans of wild fire harley-davidson® in villa park, near oak park and evanston, il!




meet our team













social



facebook
like wild fire harley-davidson® on facebook! (opens in new window)




instagram
follow wild fire harley-davidson® on instagram! (opens in new window)


h.o.g. chapter


email club




text club





hours

mon - tue out riding
wed - fri 10:00am - 6:00pm
saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm
sunday 10:00am - 4:00pm







links

get approved
service
parts
apparel
value your bike
contact us
locations










dealer spike (opens in new window)



copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved


privacy notice
website privacy policy
terms
accessibility
site map
































 
  text us! 

x


        hi there, have a question? 
        send us a text!
    

 



