



http://sims2programs.com


















programs for enhancing your the sims 2 gaming experience.
      



ts2 enhancer v.2.0 
(character and neighborhood editor for the sims 2)



version 2 released, now available in downloads, new version with many enhancements
 version 2.0.1 build 346 
          released. see what's new below for details.
 



the following are available in advanced mode
          (changes using these have either unknown or unusual effects during game 
    play):

advanced relationship changes (available, 
      engaged, joined, etc)


change a characters gender and life stage
move member in and out of households
build/edit family tree's.
cloning of character genetics (dna) data.
changing skin tone, eye color, and 
            hair color.

the following are available when the university expansion 
    is installed:


young adult selection.

influence level.

university careers.

major and class.

class performance.

gpa.

remaining semester hours.


the following are available when the 
          nightlife expansion 
    is installed:


attraction traits displayed in the relationship 
    window for both the selected character
    and the relationship character.

turn ons selection in the relationship window 
    for the selected character.

turn off selection in the relationship window 
    for the selected character.

nightlife npc jobs
nightlife attributes in the cloning lab.


the following are available when the freetime expansion 
    is installed:


long term aspiration count and level

hobbies.

natural talents.

need decay adjustment

hobby membership lots


the following are available with the apartment 
    life expansion:

reputation level can be set

apartment life specific study skills can be set

break dance skill can be set

note: university classes cannot be changed with 
          nightlife or newer expansions installed at this time. (university major can still be 
          changed) changing the classes with nightlife installed can cause 
          problems in the game so this feature has been disabled until a safe 
          method of changing them can be found. for the pets expansion pets have 
          a limited number of changes available. genetics and cloning for 
          instance is not currently available for pets.



view characters in the game including 
          the npc (non playable character) characters.
backup and restore neighborhoods. each 
          one dated for reference.
change neighborhood name, description, 
          and associated image.
edit household name, description, and money


change character first name, last name 
      (family name), and description (bio).
change days remaining for characters 
      current life stage
increase/decrease character fitness and 
      gender preferences.


change personality
adjust skills (both career related 
            and many hidden skills)
increase/decrease interests
aspirations
aspiration reward points
job, school, and retired job
increase/decrease relationships (friend, 
      crush, short term, long term, etc.)
view family trees.
character cloning.
clone bodyshop skins onto 
            characters.
editing the badges earned. (with 
            applicable expansion)
additional rewards and extras can be 
            set.
delete unwanted characters
full help system
 





what's new

tuesday sep 9,2008
version 2.0 build 346 released. this is a major 
          version upgrade with many enhancements to both add new features and to 
          improve the overall performance and ease of use of the previous 
          versions. this version should load faster than previous versions and 
          it adds the ability to set a number of attributes not available before 
          (badges, skills other than the base career set, career rewards, etc.). 
          cloning has also been updated to make it easier to understand and use. 
          with these enhancements this version also includes a full help system 
          accessible via the help menu or that can be selected for individual 
          features by right clicking the feature. the help system also includes 
          a number of walkthroughs describing a few of the tasks that ts2 
          enhancer can be used to accomplish. in addition to the above this 
          version also includes upgrades and attributes for the apartment life 
          expansion.


monday sep 1,2008
version 2.0 build 344 public beta released. while 
          this version includes updates for the apartment life expansion it is 
          also a major upgrade over earlier versions containing many new feature 
          updates and internal code updates. (this version should load faster 
          and be easier to use than any previous version)
ts2e download manager is back in development again 
          (currently testing). this was started 3 years ago and never completed 
          (i wasn't satisfied that it was user friendly enough). the last few 
          months i went back and completely redesigned the earlier interface to 
          put together what i hope is a user friendly program for managing 3rd. 
          party game downloads. in many ways this is similar to the simenhancer 
          object manager although it is designed to handle other downloads in 
          addition to objects. (walls, floors, outfits, etc.) i expect to have 
          something ready to see soon for it.


friday, jul 11, 2008
version 1.6 build 240 released. this version is 
          updated to include compatibility with the freetime expansion. please 
          note that the changes between the previous beta and this release are 
          very minor. primarily limited to ui changes where some of the drop 
          downs would extend past the screen edges in windows vista.
new version announced. version 2.0 is currently in 
          testing and includes many previously requested features not available 
          in earlier versions. (the most requested feature being badges which 
          will be included) 


monday, mar 5, 
        2008
version 1.6 build 233 released. freetime update 
          release candidate.


monday, mar 3, 
        2008
version 1.6 build 231 released. this beta build 
          includes new features and compatibility updates for the freetime 
          expansion.


tuesday, feb 5, 
        2008
version 1.5 build 202 released. this build corrects 
          an issue where the sims deluxe was not properly recognizing the 
          nightlife expansion.


monday, jan 7, 
        2008
version 1.5 build 201 released. this build corrects 
          a couple of missing career items and the installation has been updated 
          to work correctly on windows vista systems. (eliminating the warning 
          message that previously occurred)


monday, sep. 17, 2007
version 1.5 build 200 released. in addition to the 
          updates in the previous release this also corrects missing attraction 
          traits added in the bon voyage expansion.


friday, sep. 14, 2007
version 1.5 build 195 released which includes 
          compatibility updates for the bon voyage expansion. in addition to the 
          compatibility updates a new opening screen has been added allowing the 
          selection of the neighborhood that is initially loaded.


thursday, mar. 08, 2007
version 1.4 build 185 released which includes 
          compatibility updates for the seasons expansion. this includes the 
          addition of the new riverblossom hills neighborhood (or equivalent) 
          and includes the new seasons careers. windows vista compatibility 
          information added to the products page.


sunday, feb. 04, 2007
version 1.4 build 178 released which adds a data 
          corruption check in the dna(genetics) screen to correct the stream 
          read error that occurs if a download is corrupted.


saturday, feb. 03, 2007
version 1.4 released which includes compatibility updates to allow 
          ts2 enhancer to work with the pets expansion. in addition to updating 
          to the new character format for all characters a limited number of 
          attributes are also available to change for the pets. in addition to 
          the compatibility update this version also includes a couple of small 
          fixes for other issues.


more . . .

technical support information

e-mail : support@sims2programs.com

 










 


home | products | downloads | purchase | feature guides | f.a.q. | what's new | contact us

questions or problems regarding this web site 
should be directed to 
support@sims2programs.com
copyright © 2007 rick halle. all rights reserved.
last modified:
09/10/08.


