






children's discovery museum of the desert | support our reimagination project





















































contact us
donate
privacy policy
  
 
 










programming & events
membership
field trips
about us

mission & values
history
employment
staff and board


get involved

volunteer


 


select page


  
 



 



 













 



 
 
 
 




hours: monday – saturday 10 a.m. – 5 p.m., closed on sundays
click the “programming” tab to see our programming, events and camp information
fill out our liability waiver online before you arrive to save time in line! 
waiver
admission: $19.95/person  (ages 1 and over)
      memberships are also available
   military pricing $17.95 per person (up to four guests)
      ebt pricing (with valid ebt card)  $2.00 per person (up to four guests)

*our museum is most enjoyed by kids up to 8 years old.


parent rules:
adults must be accompanied by a child to enter.
adults must stay with their child during the entire experience in all spaces for the safety of the child.
strollers are not allowed in the museum; please park them in the lobby or leave them in your car.
food and beverage is not allowed inside the museum; please use our designated lunch area.
we are cashless but accept credit and debit cards.
birthday parties are not permitted in the museum without coordination and booking through our earned revenue coordinator.


kid rules:
have fun!

ask about how you can turn your day of play into a year of fun!  apply your daily ticket price to the price of the membership and upgrade for ultimate savings and maximum enjoyment! this applies to same day purchases only.
 
 
 
 





 





 



 
 
  


 
 
 



location  hours 
our hours of operation are:
monday – saturday
10 am – 5 pm
 

  sign up for our newsletter!  follow us


facebook   


instagram   


     
 


designed by childen's discovery museum of the desert, copyright 2024  

 
 
 
[ycd_countdown id=31604]		























































































































































































