


































fresno plastic & cosmetic surgery | mark a. chin, md








































 









skip to main content








aspire medispa


en español

















								menu
							







mark a. chin, md, mph
valley institute
of plastic surgery











										search
									





		                phone
		              





	    								map
	    							












close the menu





mark a. chin, md, mph
valley institute
of plastic surgery


home 
about us

doctor profile 
meet the staff 
practice overview 
missions 


procedures

procedures overview 
face

face surgery 
brow lift in fresno, ca 
eyelid lift in fresno, ca 
facelift in fresno, ca 
rhinoplasty in fresno, ca 
septoplasty in fresno, ca 
face surgery for men 


breast

breast procedures 
breast augmentation in fresno, ca 
breast lift in fresno, ca 
breast reduction in fresno, ca 
breast revision in fresno, ca 
implant volume revision in fresno, ca 
implant rupture in fresno, ca 
breast surgery for men 


body

body procedures 
brachioplasty 
liposuction in fresno, ca 
mommy makeover in fresno, ca 
fat transfer in fresno, ca 
post weight-loss 
thigh lift in fresno, ca 
tummy tuck 
buttock augmentation in fresno, ca 
labiaplasty in fresno, ca 
ultrashape® in fresno, ca 
body surgery for men 


non-surgical

nonsurgical overview 
weight loss management 
botox® cosmetic in fresno, ca 
vectra® 3d imaging in fresno, ca 
medispa 




galleries

photo gallery 
video gallery 


success stories 
medispa 
blog 
contact us 
 

call today

			              	(559) 435-9646			              

connect with us


follow us on facebook


find us on pinterest


find us on twitter


follow us on instagram




















search dr. chin's site








search
























valley institute of plastic surgery






serving fresno and the central valley
schedule a consultation


















   model






voted best plastic surgeon
fresno magazine, lifestyle magazine, cvlux, and cv homes 

























































providing personalized, compassionate plastic surgery care in fresno and the central valley for over 25 years

under the direction of board-certified plastic surgeon dr. mark chin, the valley institute of plastic surgery offers transformative face, breast, and body cosmetic and reconstructive surgery options as well as nonsurgical enhancement through their aspire medispa.




















model


enhance patients’ natural beauty
while preserving their unique ethnic characteristics










enhance patients’ natural beauty
while preserving their unique ethnic characteristics




model










you deserve to feel beautiful, no matter your age.
plastic surgery is a single part of the transformation toward a healthier and happier lifestyle. the valley institute of plastic surgery is proud to be a part of their patients’ journeys as they shed their aesthetic distractions and allow their true self to shine through.  

schedule a consultation


























meet dr. mark chin, our founder and medical director
dr. mark chin, m.d, m.p.h, specialist in cosmetic plastic surgery of the face and body

board certified by the american board of plastic surgery (abps)
voted “best plastic surgeon” by fresno magazine, lifestyle  magazine, cvlux, and cv homes
cvlux diamond award recipient


meet dr. chin














fresno, ca and the central valley featured procedures














mommy makeover
women want to feel beautiful after having kids. a mommy makeover combines multiple surgeries and nonsurgical treatments to allow women to feel beautiful in and out of clothing.

transform your physique with a mommy makeover




model









breast augmentation
whether you have always been dissatisfied with your small bust or your breasts have deflated, breast augmentation allows you the unique opportunity to resculpt your chest and attain the volume and shape you want.

enhance your breasts with a breast augmentation




model









tummy tuck
women and men alike desire firm midsections that look as toned as they do healthy. tummy tuck surgery is the best way to address excess skin, fat, and muscle laxity left by weight fluctuations, pregnancy, and age.

restore your midriff with a tummy tuck




model









liposuction
weight loss using diet and exercise can only get you so far. when your body sculpting efforts have stopped paying off, liposuction can help finish the process by permanently eliminating unwanted fat from hard-to-treat areas. 

trim and sculpt your contours with liposuction




model













model





results speak for themselves
“i feel like i look so natural and confident which was something very important to me! i am so happy with my results” — m.r. 






model






cosmetic and reconstructive procedures
photo gallery

dr. chin strives to enhance patients’ natural beauty while preserving their unique ethnic characteristics and deliver outstanding patient care with patient safety as a priority.

view photo gallery	




















a team you can trust to provide stunning and safe results
“… the staff was such a positive influence on my psyche especially at a time when i was feeling so vulnerable. i felt at ease at all times, with the questions of surgery answered when i needed them to be. post surgery dr. chin and staff … they continued to see my comfort and happiness through to the very completion. couldn’t be happier…”
–
j.w.

read success stories
















two facilities 
under one roof
optimal results and maintenance requires both surgical and nonsurgical technologies. the valley institute of plastic surgery offers its patients easy access to both by combining an aaahc-accredited surgical facility with its aspire medispa for all of your nonsurgical needs.

learn more about the practice











accredited surgical facility



dr. mark chin maintains an accredited surgical facility by the accreditation association for ambulatory health care (aaahc) to provide a safe environment for your surgical procedure.


















aspire medispa widely known for genuine care, professionalism and personalized treatments













models


harmonious balance in aesthetics
the aspire medispa difference









surgery isn’t always the solution
sometimes plastic surgery procedures are not necessary or cannot adequately address your concerns. aspire medispa offers top-of-the-line and results-driven nonsurgical technologies to target skin and body concerns that surgery cannot.
compliment your surgical procedure and refine your results with our hi-tech nonsurgical facial rejuvenation and body contouring systems.

learn more about aspire medispa










harmonious balance in aesthetics
the aspire medispa difference




models


















play the video


video: cvlux diamond award
dr. chin receives prestigious award for his philanthropic work around the world benefiting those in need.









helping patients locally so he can change lives abroad
dr. chin has been privileged to serve the fresno and central valley community since 1993. this experience and support has allowed him the opportunity to give back with philanthropic work locally and abroad. our medical mission team frequently visits remote and underserved areas in south asia, providing care and supplies to those in need. 

learn more about our philanthropic efforts














visualize your results before your surgery with 3d imaging technology
gain an extra level of confidence and see your potential transformation before your plastic surgery. 3d imaging technology takes out the guesswork and allows you to better visualize your breast, body, or facial enhancement before the day.

learn more: 3d imaging




model





paying for your aesthetic goals is possible with patient financing
learn more about patient financing options with carecredit®.


click here to apply now




model









dr. chin, board certified plastic surgeon, director of valley institute of plastic surgery and aspire medispa






































follow us on instagram


like us on facebook













call today


                  (559) 435-9646                

we would love to discuss your plastic and cosmetic surgery goals so please get in touch.

schedule a consultation




serving fresno and the central valley
valley institute of plastic surgery
6175 n. fresno st., suite #101
fresno, ca 93710


                  (559) 435-9646                














mark a. chin, md, mph
valley institute
of plastic surgery

    

feedback
sitemap
accessibility statement
privacy policy
notice to patients open payments database





© 2025 mark a. chin, md
before and after photos - individual results may vary. – some images may be models.
designed and developed by plastic surgery studios


follow us on facebook


find us on pinterest


find us on twitter


follow us on instagram












