


aqr: association for qualitative research, uk and worldwide
























the association for qualitative research
the hub of qualitative excellence








home
directory
members
library
events & training
awards
search




home
about
directory
members
library
calendar
awards
search


















moderating skill
ai for qual hack
pioneer this
hub webinars
qualversations






become a member
events and training
search aqr directory




the association for qualitative research

being a member of the aqr offers you a wealth of benefits; whether you want
to develop or hone your skills, are looking for peer support or professional
reassurance, have valuable input to share, or just want to be more involved
and embedded in your qualitative community... we are here for you. aqr
membership provides all of this, whilst also pushing boundaries (and
challenging convention!) through thought leadership, hosting social
networking events, creating opportunities for you to showcase your
brilliance to the broader research community and providing a seal of
approval of quality to your clients.

if you work within any aspect of qualitative research, the aqr considers you
part of the community. aqr membership is a sign that you are at the
forefront of the qualitative research industry.









pioneer this! an aqr special event
making a pioneer out of us all in 2025. let's face it, qualitative research is a competitive market these days, and we're looking at the skills and people we need to navigate it. this event on 27 feb is about the pioneers of qualitative research.
[ more ]


aqr one-day online moderating skills
our one-day introduction to moderating online is perfect for anyone who is new-ish to research and wants some live moderating experience (and feedback) to feel more confident in the online environment
[ more ]


ai for qual hackathon
aqr is convening another unique event for anyone interested in increasing their knowledge and skills in this area. the aim: for us all to participate, learn, and reflect together on what generative ai means for our professional community in 2025
[ more ]


qualversations
qualversations aqr's podcast series, designed to expand perspectives and deliver thought provoking opinion pieces. our first series: ordinary women doing extraordinary things.
[ more ]


aqr's safety guidance
launched oct 2022 the aqr safety guidance is intended to make it easy to ensure the safety of researchers and fieldworkers is built into the process.
[ more ]


aura's working well together charter
support aura's initiative to improve well-being in our industry through better ways of working. aura believe that the way clients and research agencies work together can make a real difference to people's confidence and well-being.
[ more ]









qualversations with guest seema hope
in the 9th and final episode of this mini-series, aqr member emma kirk sits down with seema hope, the global head of consumer research at the economist. with over 20 years of experience in publishing, seema offers an insider’s perspective on the industry, proudly embracing her role as well-rounded generalist. seema shares invaluable life lessons drawn from her extensive career. this episode provides an authentic glimpse into the realities of working in publishing, balancing a
[listen now]


qualversations with guest alex hodgson
in the 8th episode of the aqr podcast "qualversations," aqr member emma kirk chats with alex hodgson about her fascinating journey from advertising and media to international research. alex, an open-minded and dynamic guest, has embraced every opportunity that came her way, living in spain, london, the midlands, and spending the last 20 years in australia. tune in as they cover a wide range of topics, from travel and motherhood to invaluable career advice. this episode is pac
[listen now]


qualversations with guest rhea fox
in the 7th episode of the aqr podcast "qualversations”, aqr member emma kirk sits down with rhea fox to discuss her dynamic and successful career in insight and beyond. join them as they delve into the key differences between agency and client-side roles, the art of establishing an insight-driven culture, and the value of sometimes taking a step back to move forward. rhea also shares her insights on the importance of resilience in the face of redundancy and the benefits of br
[listen now]








need a definition?glossary of terms
looking for a book?recommended reading
need info on recruiter accreditation?accreditation scheme
need venues for face-to-face research?viewing facilities
need advice on qual projects?guidelines and faqs
individual achievments?aqr awards
considering a career in qual?read our careers guide
interested in joining the aqr?membership benefits
catching up hot topics?webinar archive
contemporary writing?articles archive
looking for qual training?events and courses
looking for a qual researcher?business directory and more








representing members since 1980
the association for qualitative research was founded in 1980 and represents
the interests of our members in the qualitative research industry.
aqr has established itself as the internationally recognised hub of
qualitative excellence via education and training programs, seminars,
networking opportunities and liaising with the wider research industry.


committed to serving the qualitative industry
our core objective is to serve the interests of our members through a range
of initiatives. this includes defining and building an understanding of the
commercial value of qualitative research, providing inspiring and valuable
training courses, and creating forums that facilitate debate and advance
qualitative research methodology.


promoting professionalism in qualitative research
aqr promotes qualitative research as a career, providing networking
opportunities and social events, and promote the highest professional
standards within our industry. we welcome all those who share aqr's
interests and ambitions as members, providing them with access to a
powerful business network.











about us
members
board
heritage


directory
calendar
articles
glossary


careers
awards
join the aqr


legal info
twitter
youtube
linkedin


the association for qualitative research
davey house, 31 st neots rd, eaton ford,
st neots, cambs pe19 7ba, united kingdom
telephone: 01480 407227
email: info@aqr.org.uk












copyright © aqr, 2013-24. all rights reserved
website management by skillzone



