






 times square suites | robson street hotel suites in vancouver, bc


























every day is earth day: our commitment to the environment

                +
            











home

suites


request an extended stay  


features
 rates & policies

 vancouver

things to do 
events


 special offers
 reviews

gallery

 contact







book
book now
book




home







welcome home! times square suites hotel




live local in vancouver’s west end: times square suites hotel  




all the comforts of home in  the heart of vancouver’s west end 




your perfect landing spot for long and short term stays  


























make times square suites hotel
 your home away from home

                  welcome to times square suites hotel, your downtown home-away-from-home in the gorgeous downtown west end neighbourhood. perfect for families and leisure travellers looking for the comforts and conveniences of home as well as corporate travellers in town for a short or long-term stay, our spacious apartment style suites promise you a hassle-free experience in our prime downtown location, complete with complimentary high speed wi-fi, in-suite laundry and more.
                
among the top  extended stay  and family hotels in vancouver, bc, times square suites hotel is more than just a hotel - it’s a live-local experience.   book your suite  today and enjoy easy access to all the best parks, shopping, restaurants and services in the downtown core and beyond. end your search for an incredible hotel in vancouver, bc - you’ve just found us!






                    arrival notice : activity on eihu lane
                










live like a local
walk right out our front door into the friendly and vibrant west end of downtown vancouver. our prime location means you can live like a local and enjoy the laid-back west coast lifestyle. 
learn more









special offers
get even better value for your money with our special offers at times square suites hotel in downtown vancouver.
learn more









live / work
our business guests love the little things that make life easier, such as a full kitchen, high-speed wi-fi, in-suite laundry, in-suite desk (on request), express check-out plus the convenience of restaurants, transportation and grocery stores just steps away.
learn more









long term stays
as one of the top-rated extended stay hotel suites in vancouver, bc, our convenient in-suite amenities include high speed wi-fi, laundry and a rooftop patio with free-to-use bbq grills that allows you to stay as long as you want in comfort and style.
learn more









 family fun
easy walking distance to stunning stanley park and fantastic indoor and outdoor recreation opportunities mean that you are never far from family fun!  
learn more

















live like a local in
beautiful vancouver
nestled between the pacific ocean and the majestic coastal mountains, vancouver offers incredible year-round recreational opportunities, as well as world-class entertainment and dining. and, as one of the top family hotels in vancouver, times square suites hotel is the perfect place to come home to after a great day exploring the city. book your stay online at our vancouver boutique hotel today to experience our friendly hotel team, comfortable suites and ideal west end location today!
learn more












































“comfortable stay, great location and excellent value”
the suite was so spacious and comfortable, moreso than we expected to be honest, and equipped with everything we needed. the living room area was very lovely and homey. amazing location right by stanley park and many other walkable amenities (e.g. groceries, restaurants). the staff was notably kind and helpful! i'm not sure how typical this is in vancouver, but we were also appreciative of the sustainability-minded practices (e.g. recycling and composting available). we were amazed at the bang for the buck here and no doubt we'll be back if we're back in vancouver
mary ,  united states 












“fantastic hotel, superb location and outstanding service”
fantastic hotel, superb location and outstanding service. the staff did everything to keep the stay safe during covid-19. the rooms are spotless, and there is excellent secure parking (which is a must in vancouver). the staff are all locals who know the neighbourhood well (the location is unbeatable; close to the park, downtown and great eateries). they made every effort to help us feel at home. 
ronald,  canada 












“we are having a lovely stay ~ as usual!”
we love your recycling and composting program. ☺
jane,  canada 












“thank you for my stay. i give you 5 stars!”
thank you for my stay. i give you 5 stars! it's with pleasure that i give you my opinion about your hotel. the times square suites team is great! very helpful and smiling. the suites are spacious, very clean, comfortable and cozy. nothing is missing, just put your luggage and leave to discover the city. the location is ideal and close to everything, whether walking or bus (2 minutes from the hotel). it will now be my choice for each of my visits to vancouver.
thank you tss for my perfect stay, home from home.
christian,  montreal, canada 












“we didn’t want to leave!”
we were very impressed by the cleanliness of our suite and the added conveniences of the full kitchen and laundry within the suite. the location of the hotel is fabulous.  it’s close to everything and we were able to explore and enjoy the city on foot and by bus. all hotel staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. 
 
we will definitely recommend times square suites to our friends and family. 
 
we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the kids even commented that they didn’t want to leave. 

dawn,  campbell river bc 












“staying in the very best part of vancouver!”
we have been to visit vancouver many many times over the years, usually staying in the downtown area. staying in the west end is so much nicer. we were surrounded by any kind of restaurant imaginable. a short walk to stanley park. a bit of a longer walk to english bay beach. the 1 bedroom suite was lovely, clean and well equipped. parking is available right in the building at a reasonable price. several grocery stores are steps away. it almost felt like being in a smaller version of manhattan. we will definitely stay here again!
annie w,  victoria, canada 












“room was big, very clean and had everything we could need”
"room was big, very clean and had everything we could need. the bed was really comfortable, we slept very very well. expected it to be noisy with the location, however it was absolutely fine. you cannot beat it's location. within short walking distance to stanley park it was perfect. the staff were friendly, and gave us advice, help and directions when we needed it. highly recommend times square suites hotel and hope we can stay again soon."
jennifer b












“we stayed three nights and thoroughly enjoyed this hotel.”
"we stayed three nights and thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. the suites are very new and the furnishings are excellent. we had everything we needed and more. because it was quite cold we really enjoyed the fireplace. the location was perfect for us, with excellent access to restaurants and stanley park, and granville island not too far away. the car was not necessary. exceptional value for vancouver."
further away,  vancouver island 












“i'm looking forward to our next trip”
my wife and i have stayed at times square suites more times than i can keep track of over the past dozen years. during that time, although we usually had a car (comfortably parked in the underground parking) we could walk just about everywhere we needed to go including stanley park and granville island. the staff at times square are outstanding, they treat you just like family.. the suites  are comfortable with most of the amenities we have at home.

larry,  washington state 












“the room was very clean and the beds were comfortable.  ”
the room was very clean and the beds were comfortable.  i felt at home while staying there. 
i will stay at your hotel for my next visit.

wongeun,  korea 












“five adults stayed in the double apartment which was so beautifully furnished, warm and cozy.”
"five adults stayed in the double apartment which was so beautifully furnished, warm and cozy. the hotel is surrounded by cafes, multi cultural restaurants with a safeway and organic store across the road. we made use of the free gym and pool too. stanley park was a walk away and beautiful in the snow we'd had. reception staff were friendly and efficient. we did not want to leave!"
rob w,  germany 












“we loved everything about the tss - location, helpful staff and the quality of the suites!”
"we loved everything about the tss - location, helpful staff and the quality of the suites! our suite felt like a home away from home. the washer and drier in the suite was very convenient and the suites were very secure."
rhonda s,  australia 












“everything was great”
everything was great. we have stayed several times now and each time has been wonderful. 

lee,  sunshine coast australia 






























×



notice of construction

                    a new building is being created behind our hotel (1818 alberni). this may result in disruption and occasional delays on eihu lane from 07:30 to 16:00. if you have any concerns or questions, please reach out to us.

                


close















                        
                        local time 













                        weather 
                        






get directions
tap to call
contact us






sign up for exclusive offers
















sign up










times square suites

1821 robson street
vancouver, british columbia  v6g 3e4
reservations phone: 604-684-2223
toll-free reservations: 1-877-684-2223
email: info@timessquaresuites.com





 












            ©    times square suites all rights reserved
sitemap privacy policy
covid-19
hotel website by digital hospitality 










twitter-logo-silhouette
facebook-letter-logo
instagram
youtube
yelp-logo
tripadvisor-logotype
user
envelope
left-chevron
right-chevron




















