








home - r.a.i.n.

































































skip to content 


r.a.i.n. home attendant services (718) 829-2131


r.a.i.n. inc. (718) 892-5520


 




 





 






menu 
about

our founder
board of directors
leadership
our partners

corporate partners
bob and dolores hope foundation
nyc aging
aarp new york
silberman school of social work at hunter
lehman college school of social work
lehman college school of nursing
sacred heart university school of social work
the hispanic federation
nyc human resources administration
nyc meals on wheels


gdpr compliance


programs and services

program locations
case management
home-delivered meals
friendly visiting program – volunteer now
r.a.i.n. one stop – case assistance
low income housing for the older adult
older adult centers
r.a.i.n. eastchester transportation program


r.a.i.n. home care
careers
r.a.i.n makers
cucina dolores
contact
revisit legacy gala
the legacy video
thank you legacy sponsors – you rock!
may 12, 2025 golf charity event
save the date – september 10 havana nights 61st gala
corporate deck of services
 


a a a  






















regional aid for interim needs, inc.
all the ways we care
thank you for visiting regional aid for interim needs, inc. (r.a.i.n.) as you explore services for yourself or a loved one.  we are here to help you with compassionate care through our quality driven services across the continuum.  our mission:  to enhance the well-being of life for all new yorkers by meeting the interim needs of people of all ages. 
anderson torres, phd, lcsw-r
president & ceo
 






continuum of care - community based
r.a.i.n. offers an integrated comprehensive list of services.  for individuals 60 years of age and above, we are here to help you locate a senior center, apply for benefits and housing, obtain meals on wheels, schedule medical transportation and case management services.   our dedicated staff throughout our agency is here to help.

learn more





home care
we provide home health aide services to individuals of all ages.   r.a.i.n. home attendant services is licensed to provide these services in the five boroughs of new york city and westchester county.  our goal is to provide you quality services and help you remain in the comfort of your home, reduce the risk of a hospitalization, maintain your independence and help you manage your condition outside of the hospital or a nursing home.  services are usually covered by medicaid, your managed long term care plan, private insurance.
learn more












centers and services
your neighborhood and community centers are a resource to you and are in part funded by the new york city for the aging.  membership is free and open to anyone age 60 or older.  here you can reduce the isolation and socialize with other active members, come in for a nutritious meal, and activities such as art, music, dance, tai chi, health literacy, technology classes, recreational trips, holiday and birthday celebrations to name a few.  benefits screenings are also available.  please visit one of our centers to explore the different services available at each of our sites.
learn more





our older adults
we are dedicated to our older population who have paved the way for so many of us in life.  it is a privilege to be able to serve our members representing all walks of life and the diversity they represent in our service areas.  your history and knowledge helps us as an organization.  we are inclusive and embrace all members who want to be a part of the r.a.i.n. family, and help us become good stewards in your care coordination.  additionally, some of our members have also served in our military and our veterans are truly special in our organization.
learn more





our partners
r.a.i.n. partners are leaders in their respective industries and help us further our mission.  we are grateful for their contributions and resources available to us to improve the lives of the members we serve.  thank you for continued support and generosity.
learn more






















about
our founder
our board
our older adults 
explore careers
program staff
locations
 

integrated care
continuum of care – home care
disabled adults
special needs
cucina dolores

continuum of care – community based
home-delivered meals
entitlements
low income housing for the elderly
older adultcenters
 

r.a.i.n. makers
our partners
r.a.i.n. news
r.a.i.n. makers volunteers
r.a.i.n. gallery
 

newsletter sign-upcoming soon. sign-up for our newsletter. 

contact usr.a.i.n. total care, inc.
811 morris park avenue
bronx, ny 10462

 
email r.a.i.n.:
info@raininc.org

 
call r.a.i.n. home care:(718) 829-2131 
 
call r.a.i.n. inc: (718) 892-5520
 



 
follow us









 






					© 2025 r.a.i.n. total care inc.
hosted and maintained by business eboost 













important
this site makes use of cookies which may contain tracking information about visitors. by continuing to browse this site you agree to our use of cookies.

ok

			don't accept	
	




























