


antique engine rebuilding







antique engine rebuilding 

(260) 824-4649   info@antiqueenginerebuilding.com  visit our facebook page!




welcome to antique engine rebuilding!
we rebuild ford model a and b engines using inserted bearings.
we build short block, long block, or full running engines, and offer basic or touring packages.
click through the headings in the menu on the left side of the page for more information.  thank you for visiting!
due to high demand, we have a waitlist for engine rebuilds. *current waitlist time is approximately 12 months.*




we also have our own line of connecting rods, insert rod bearings, insert main bearings, modernized model a pistons, valve kits, and other miscellaneous engine parts for the ford model a and model b engine. please email or call with parts orders as well as any questions.







parts in stock



model a & b connecting rods with insert bearings

set of 4 forged connecting rods with insert rod bearings
rod bearings available in sizes: std, 010, 020, and 030 undersized
	
*040 currently out of stock








model a & b main bearing sets

available in sizes: std, 010, 030, and 040 undersized
	
*020 currently out of stock


thrust washers also available






modern valve kits

modern stainless steel valves with straight stem, one piece guides
	
includes valves, springs, guides, retainers, and keepers


available in standard or with large intake valves


model a & b pistons and rings

modernized model a pistons
available in sizes: 020, 030, 040, 060, 080, 100 and 125 oversized
	
*std currently out of stock








model a & b engine kits

lower end, short block, & long block kits available

 












antique engine rebuilding moves to bluffton in
(from the wells county chamber of commerce, may 2022)
the wells county chamber of commerce staff and ambassadors welcomed owners of antique engine rebuilding, brian and missy behning, with a ribbon cutting celebration. the veteran-owned new business is located in bluffton at 610 west washington street. brian recently retired from the air national guard after 20 years of service.
antique engine rebuilding supplies parts, and builds and refurbishes engines for ford model a and model b vehicles. the company originated in the chicago area in 1994 and recently the owner was looking to retire. brian had been building engines in bluffton as a hobby, calling the company for parts for many years. brian decided to take a leap of faith and bring the business to bluffton.
“the reputation of the business is sought after and rich in the hobby that if the doors closed, it would cause a void for enthusiasts all over the nation,” explained brian. “there are only 10 or less companies that do this type of work in the united states. the supply would have stopped for engine builds because we are the only company that makes certain parts for these cars.”
brian trained in chicago for approximately three months and then moved the shop equipment, parts, inventory, customer base, and website to bluffton. the business holds the 30-year-old phone number to not confuse customers. brian said his goal is to maintain and exceed the quality that the previous owner established.
“rebuilding engines is something i have been doing for over 20 years and used to work on large, heavy diesel engines,” said brian. “i have a 1930 model a tudor as well as a 1951 ford f1 and love breathing new life into old engines. this has been a hobby of mine for many years.”
brian works alongside with his wife, missy, serving customers by answering phones, shipping parts, and managing the company. “in my previous job i was traveling the nation and gone two to three weeks at a time,” brian said. “i was missing out on a lot of things and now i am home every night with our three children. working alongside missy has allowed us to grow as well. we can bring the kids to the shop, and it is a big deal for them to be with us and a part of the business.”
brian said there is currently a 12-month waiting list for a new engine. “each engine is different and unique depending on the wear and tear because these are 100-year-old engines. our goal is to work on 120 engines in a year, which is 2-3 per week. we want to build a solid, quality engine, exactly the way a customer desires, because people take their car on the road and travel all over the nation, display at car shows, or even race them.”
“this all has been a cool journey to get everything set up and ready to go,” stated brian. “missy and i hope this will be a destination location. people are requesting tours and this summer we plan to hold a car show with a lot full of model a’s.”
brian concluded in saying, “watch for bigger things to come. this is just the beginning of what we can do and how we can expand in this type of hobby.









model a engine rebuilding seminar

antique engine rebuilding is concentrating on rebuilding inserted model a and b engines. after checking out the video and website, call the shop and we can take care of all of your questions and needs.

 




previous owner, rich fallucca, pictured with new owner, brian behning.
november 2021 at rich's retirement dinner. 





















menu


home
engine rebuilding

model a rebuilding
model b rebuilding
model a highway touring car
partial jobs
extras


parts

a & b parts
engine kits
insert connecting rods
insert main bearings
modern valve kits


information

rear main leak
insert tech
engine instructions
aligning flywheel
block assembly


shipping
crating
warranty
q & a





get in touch

store hours
monday thru friday
8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.

inquires invited

email
(260) 824-4649
610 w. washington
	bluffton, in 46714




© 2020 ksam. all rights reserved.
design: html5 up.





