











department of pathology and laboratory medicine – university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health – uw–madison







































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









department of pathology and laboratory medicine

university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health




menu
open menu


close





home
people
expand


collapse



all faculty
leadership
clinical faculty
research faculty
residents
fellows
staff
emeritus


news
events
education & training
expand


collapse



residency and clinical fellowships
cmp graduate program
med students


research
careers
contact us
make a gift
 



home
smph
wisc.edu
uconnect
intranet
 





duel in dermatopathology - claire castaneda wins 2nd place!

                  read more...                



tracking viruses in the air
dave and shelby o’connor contribute to dane county’s award-winning respiratory illness dashboard 

                  read more...                



the grave task of estimating time since death

                  jamie kallan, forensic pathologist, gives soundwaves presentation                



in memoriam- professor emeritus thomas warner passed away on january 2nd, 2025. 

                  read more...                



happy holidays from our residents.



alex tannenbaum receives keitges grant for medical ethics

                  read more...                






 






residency and clinical fellowships

interested in the department of pathology and laboratory medicine residency?





cmp graduate program

interested in the cellular & molecular pathology graduate program?





patient care

are you a patient or health care provider? start here!





research

interested in pathology research or collaborating with our faculty?





medical students

are you a current or future medical student interested in pathology?





trip lab

looking for translational research in pathology?

 



leadership
department of pathology and laboratory medicine leadership




carbone classroom: how pathologists identify cancer

 
 
 
 


newscongratulations to dr. qiong zhang (pgy-3), winner of this year’s pathology resident leadership in research award!january 16, 2025in memoriam – professor emeritus thomas warner passed away on january 2nd, 2025.january 10, 2025congrats to cmp student, regan harmon, who was selected for an aacr scholar-in-training award!january 10, 2025duel in dermatopathology – claire castaneda wins 2nd place!december 5, 2024uw-madison department of pathology residency program virtual open house – registration openaugust 30, 2024more news 
more

 

eventsfebruaryfebruary 20pathology grand rounds - "polyp patrol: a pathologist's guide to colonic polyposis syndromes"byoung uk park, md, university of minnesota-twin cities12:00 pm, online also offered onlinefebruary 20cmp de-stress eventhosted by cmp events committee3:00 pmfebruary 27pathology seminar - "engineering tissue microenvironments in vitro for investigating disease progression"maria virumbrales-muñoz, phd,  department of obstetrics and gynecology9:00 am, 1325  health sciences learning centermarchmarch 6pathology grand roundspippa cosper, md, phd, department of human oncology12:00 pm, onlinemarch 13pathology seminar - cmp student choice speakerkeersten ricks, phd,  division chief of diagnostic systems division, u.s. army medical research institute of infectious diseases 9:00 ammore events 
more

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact usdepartment of pathology and laboratory medicine
3170 uw medical foundation centennial building (mfcb)
1685 highland avenue
madison, wi 53705-2281
email: geninfo@pathology.wisc.edu

x twitter

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: support@pathology.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.













