



jmb communications - home page
























jmb communications



























 
 
 


 
welcome to jmb communications
founded in 1990, jmb communications is a seasoned massachusetts-based marketing company producing public relations and marketing communications programs and related collateral, and web content / website designs.  we do everything from creating marketing communications, pr, and web strategies to final execution. see our capabilities. if you need website design or web content creation, see our websites that work.
originally established as a high-tech pr agency, jmb today serves a broad range of clients ranging from high technology to financial, manufacturing, medical / bioscience, travel/tourism/hospitality, and many more. our high-tech work today continues to involve a broad spectrum of technologies, among them computer hardware and software, networking, semiconductor technology, and other areas in the b2b and b2c space worldwide.
we’re a contemporary virtual organization which routinely accesses a rich reservoir of extraordinary seasoned freelance talent across north america. consequently, we deliver exceptional services to clients of all sizes without the overhead typical of traditional agencies. 
check us out. we create marketing that works for businesses ranging from sole proprietorships to fortune 500 multinationals.  among companies for which we’ve done projects: ibm, at&t, intel, hewlett-packard, compaq, nec, crown crafts infant products, samsonite, parametric technology corp., siemens, tecniche nuove, toshiba, and many others across the usa and around the world. 
you’ll find an  extensive list on our clients page, and client comments about us are in testimonials.  thanks for visiting!

 




 

 


 
home | about us | capabilities | web content creation / website design | clients | testimonials | contact us
copyright, ©, jmb communications, 2016. world rights reserved. written by jmb communications and designed by websites that work.
updated august, 2016
jmb communications • post office box 1812 • plymouth, massachusetts 02362-1812 • (508) 830-3456
 
 




