




yin yang
   





















    	
yin yang
	
  
there is a point in this





monday, march 17, 2008



	 
	 dear lord, thank you for this video
	
    






posted by roy at 12:17
0 comments






tuesday, march 11, 2008



	 
	 baseball predictions
	
    


i haven't ben following baseball as closely as i used to, so this year i will make my predictions short and sweet: white sox 1st place cubs last place.  yankees miss the playoffs.



posted by roy at 22:14
0 comments






tuesday, march 04, 2008



	 
	 hollywierd
	
    


so i've been in hollywood for a few months now.  i hope to be able to post some specifics, but on the whole i like the vibe.  here is the first in what i hope (if i can be disciplined) to be a regular installment: hollywierd.  hollywood is good at a lot of things, but as you can tell from the photo taken at a local mcdonald's, mathematics is not one of them.



posted by roy at 21:18
2 comments






sunday, march 02, 2008



	 
	 will start blogging again
	
    


i think i will start blogging again.  i will update the sidebar in the upcoming week.  in the meantime i noticed something.  i have a weather forecaster built into my firefox browser.  it stopped my page loading and said "sever weather alert!".  so i clicked on the link to find out what's up and a webpage popped up that said "cloudy".



posted by roy at 14:32
1 comments






tuesday, october 23, 2007



	 
	 i am fine
	
    


due to the volume of inquiries about my having possibly been burned to death, i am announcing that i am fine.  it is a little weird giving people natural disaster updates.  i remember once when i was a kid our basement flooded.  regular bloging to resume in a month.



posted by roy at 15:05
1 comments






sunday, august 19, 2007



	 
	 the rest of my road trip
	
    


hey, since i no longer use a computer where this is my homepage i have been neglectful.  i will recap the rest of my road trip in short, sweet anecdotes.day 3 wimego, ks.  home of the wizard of oz museuam.  i was going to go when just then the car guy called me and said he couldn't get the parts.  so i wasted most of my day, and more importantly enough of my day the i couldn't get to denver that night.  i would get as far as i could, wake up super early and get to denver the next morning.when entering the expressway near wimego, the signs were empty.  usually expressways say something like "east: chicago west: aurora", but i guess even the map guys can't figure out where the heck i am going.day 4: arrive in denver.  find a saab dealer who agrees to work on my car.  they are amazed i was driving it, and the mechanic remarked: i wouldn't even drive this around the block.  turns out i need new front brakes and a wheel rotar.  so i spend the day in denver.  didn't do much, but the hotel i stayed at had health club access which was good since i had been driving 4 days straight.  this night i realized my new phone has a different voicemail notification system than my old phone.  i had 25 new messages.day 5:  fixing the car is taking longer than expected, so i stroll through downtown colorado.  i imagine training up here would be really good as i get short of breath on hills.  they have death trains that share the sidewalk with pedestrians.  if you've been there you know.i get my car and get as far as i can.  there is a scam in utah: i exited for gas to go to ferron, which ended up being 25 miles off the expressway.  i get gas and the small hotel is fully booked.  i am distressed since i don't like driving at night: especially on narrow roads with no street lights that have 60 mph speen limits.  so i followed a truck, sort of like a guardian angel truck.  he was going like 80, but i figured any truck going 80 down this pitch black winding road must have driven this path a hundred times.  either that or he is leading us both to our deaths.day 6:  paradise.  one of the drawbacks of waiting for my car to get fized was i could not stay with a friend in vegas.  i just motored through.  it is really hot and dry there!  i tried washing my windshield and the water evaporated before i could squigy it off!i knew it was more temperate in california, but wasn't sure when that would happen.  the car display showed 113 degrees and every mountain i was praying the temp. would drop.  turns out california is a big place, and i had to go awhile before that happened.  one thing to note: when you enter california the first road you see is a road called "zzyzx".  these people are wierd.



posted by roy at 13:52
0 comments






tuesday, august 07, 2007



	 
	 day 2: missouri and topeka kansas
	
    


this was the second day in a row there was construction exactly where i need to change roads and missed my road.  ugh, but it wasn't that bad the road i ended up taking was just as fast as the interstate and i was not interested in getting a ticket.  also i got out of illinois which for undisclosed reasons i breathed a sigh of relief.  so i went through kansas city during rush hour, which was actually pretty busy (i didn't give them no cred').  at this point i am getting worried about my brakes, and i am perfecting my ninja brakeless driving technique.  with the exception of kansas city rush hour i manage to get across missouri only using my brakes once to stop for gas.  i think i will publish a book "you don't need brakes and other lies liberals told me"



posted by roy at 00:19
1 comments






sunday, august 05, 2007



	 
	 tales from the road: day 1 illinois
	
    


so i was going to do a very long post about my road trip, but i figured it would be palatable if i break it down into days.  so over the next week i will retelling my adventure across the heart of the usa.my first day i travelled to western illinois to stay at my mom's house.  she lives in tioga, il. which is clost to where il, mo, and iowa meet.  i made one wrong turn (a recurring theme) and found out in the country not all roads lead to rome.  there are a lot of fake out roads.  these roads are characterized by being paved for the first 200 yards to give you the impression you are on a legitimate throughway, but quickly turn into dirt and change direction.  you get the feeling that the cows are laughing at you.  i made it ok and had some stew courtesy of the sun oven: an invention i was impressed with.



posted by roy at 12:41
0 comments






sunday, july 22, 2007



	 
	 raccoon menace
	
    


looks like other people are having issues too



posted by roy at 17:31
0 comments






tuesday, july 17, 2007



	 
	 surfango + lake geneva
	
    


there's this company called surfango (they have a website) that makes motorized kayaks and surfboards.  they had a product launch party this weekend at lake geneva, and guess what?  i went!  these things are really fun - the kayak is controlled via a joystick and is really stable, fun, and fast.  but what i was interested in, of course, was the motorized surfboard.wow!  everyone knows i've always wanted to surf, and this counts as pretty close.  true there are no waves, but you are standing there going pretty fast and the wakes get you some air.  actually, riding the motorized surfboard is a little physically challenging (which i liked) and i was quite tired after about 30 minutes.  the reason i was out there so long was because i didn't wear my glasses and got lost.  there was a tent on the beach we were at that they took down, and i spent a good deal of time looking for the "beach with the tent".  the demo guys were a little peeved that i hogged so much time, but it wasn't my fault!  check out their website if you like lakes.



posted by roy at 17:44
1 comments










note: the views expressed here are the opinions of the poster, and are not reviewed by the yin yang team


contributors

roy
-i-



friends (real + internet)
everyone grab your gun
subatomic films
snap! culture
littleboxes
local comedy reference (not blogs)
chicago stand-up
jim rauth's comedy college
edge comedy chicago
stand-up faq
what in the world?
iowahawk
the onion
vonster
daily k-to-the-osizzle
proviso probe
mystery santa
eric zorn
chicagoist
slashdot
junk science
comics as in "funny pages"
piled higher and deeper
day by day
mallard fillmore
prickly city
cox and forkum
in the 'hood
chicago journal
chicago reader
oak leaves
wednesday journal
chicago tribune
previous posts

dear lord, thank you for this video
baseball predictions
hollywierd
will start blogging again
i am fine
the rest of my road trip
day 2: missouri and topeka kansas
tales from the road: day 1 illinois
raccoon menace
surfango + lake geneva

archives

june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
october 2007
march 2008









 




 


