summer day camp near princeton - door to door bus | rambling pines | rambling pines day camp




this app works best with javascript enabled.take advantage of our new camper discount! (full week camp only.) secure a spot for the 2025 season.closedates & rates enroll nowdates & ratesinteractive maprequest infoenroll now call us  email usfuture families programspine cone campday campteen campactivitiesclubs & electiveslearn to swimcalendarspecial eventstransportationinteractive maplunchbeforecare & aftercarefaqsdates & ratestuition assistancereviewsabout us message from our directorsour directorsour staffaca accreditationinteractive maphistorylocationdirectionscurrent families lunch menuactivity calendarcamp storerefer a familyparent loginstaff working at rambling pinescurrent openingssummer datesapplytoggle menua summer day camp like no other.your kids deserve the best. the best supervision, the best activities, the best friends, the best memories.  work at camp schedule a tour enroll nowdoor to door transportationparents wish for a quality summer day camp near them. with door to door busing, it is.transportation is provided using air-conditioned, 24 passenger mini-buses.all buses are professionally driven and have seatbelts. there is a bus aid on each bus. transportation is included in the camp tuition. read moretransportation areasmercer county:ewinghamiltonhopewelllawrencevillepenningtonprincetonrobbinsvilletitusvillewest windsorsomerset county:belle meadbranchburghillsboroughneshanicrocky hillskillmanhunterdon county: east amwellflemingtonlambertvillereadingtonsergeantsvillestocktonwest amwellbucks county: new hopenewtownwashington crossingyardleymiddlesex county:kendall parkplainsborosouth brunswickpine cone campeven the youngest children from grades pre-k through 1st grade can enjoy a great camp experience at rambling pines!day campchildren grades 2nd to 8th get a truly memorable camp experience with the varied programs rambling pines has to offer.teen campit’s not easy being a young teenager—too old for day camp, not quite old enough for a summer job. for campers in 7th through 9th grade, the teen camp is the way to go!work at campnot a program but a job. young adults entering 10th, 11th, or 12th grade can enjoy working at camp. there's no better way to spend summer than making a difference for children.programs each program provides structured activities chosen for your child's age group, along with well-trained and caring counselors and all the fun and excitement your child needs for the perfect summer.  to make the summer a little easier for parents, we offer these special benefits for busy families: complimentary door-to-door bus serviceflexible camp schedules for busy familiesmodified program available to preschoolers request infolunch providedto make your life a little bit easier, a nutritious and delicious lunch is provided daily. a vegetarian option is always available. little ones get a morning snack and everyone enjoys an afternoon snack of ice cream or ice pops. sample lunch menu request infowhat parents say"my first grade daughter will be spending her 4th summer at rambling pines, and we couldn't be happier!  there are so many reasons that we love his camp: the bus service that picks her up at our door,  the awesome facilities (including 2 pools, mini golf, large indoor gym, arts room, horses etc.),  the very high staff to child ratio, the kind and creative staff, the yummy kid-oriented lunches and snacks, and so much more.  my daughter comes back every day with a smile on her face, ready to tell me all her adventures, and in my opinion that is what summer should be!"~amy o'donnell"i find rambling pines to be a very nurturing and supportive environment for our children. i have always felt that my children are in safe and loving hands when they are at this camp. my three kids always come off the bus with a smile on their faces and some exciting story to share.  even my most introverted child can’t wait to get back the very next day!"~suzan milman"i'm in my 30's and remember my own fun summers at rambling pines. both my children go there (3 & 7) and they absolutely love it.  they come home with huge smiles on their faces [...] the bus service is a huge bonus for me as the pick and and drop off door to door.  this camp is family run and a has great professional staff that keep parents aware of what is going on. i never had anything but good experiences with the enthusiastic councelors. i know my kids are safe there and the nurse is very attentive."~nicole klein"this is a great camp!! our children have been going to rambling pines since they were in kindergarten and our oldest is now a counselor. the camp has wonderful owners and very friendly and helpful staff. everyone is very attentive to the children. driving into the camp, you see the children participating in so many various activities. there is something amazing about growing up with summers at ramblings pines, making great friends, and then working at the camp. our boys have so many memories at rambling pines and they look forward to going back every summer."~alex reznik"this is a great camp!! our children have been going to rambling pines since they were in kindergarten and our oldest is now a counselor. the camp has wonderful owners and very friendly and helpful staff. everyone is very attentive to the"~kenneth kim"my daughter went to multiple camps in the princeton/pennington, area, and year after year enjoyed them, but was never fully satisfied. then she went to rambling pines. the environment they provided for her was incredible! she loved it. it was the only camp she actually asked us to extended her time there for the following season. the jordan family are committed to providing their campers a really fun and engaging time, with a lot of activities, in a very well maintained camp setting. 5 star ratings. i highly recommend. thanks."~david shapiro"my daughter started going to this camp 3 years ago. she was 6 years old was very hesitant because she didn’t know anyone.  the staff starting from the bus driver at pick up to the bus  counselor and camp counselor where amazing.   she camp home her first day and loved it.  everyone there is warm accommodating and friendly.  you can see and feel they all love what they do. all the way up  to the owners.   what else can a parent want."~ellana sulla"my first grade daughter will be spending her 4th summer at rambling pines, and we couldn't be happier!  there are so many reasons that we love his camp: the bus service that picks her up at our door,  the awesome facilities (including 2 pools, mini golf, large indoor gym, arts room, horses etc.),  the very high staff to child ratio, the kind and creative staff, the yummy kid-oriented lunches and snacks, and so much more.  my daughter comes back every day with a smile on her face, ready to tell me all her adventures, and in my opinion that is what summer should be!"~amy o'donnell"i find rambling pines to be a very nurturing and supportive environment for our children. i have always felt that my children are in safe and loving hands when they are at this camp. my three kids always come off the bus with a smile on their faces and some exciting story to share.  even my most introverted child can’t wait to get back the very next day!"~suzan milman"i'm in my 30's and remember my own fun summers at rambling pines. both my children go there (3 & 7) and they absolutely love it.  they come home with huge smiles on their faces [...] the bus service is a huge bonus for me as the pick and and drop off door to door.  this camp is family run and a has great professional staff that keep parents aware of what is going on. i never had anything but good experiences with the enthusiastic councelors. i know my kids are safe there and the nurse is very attentive."~nicole klein"this is a great camp!! our children have been going to rambling pines since they were in kindergarten and our oldest is now a counselor. the camp has wonderful owners and very friendly and helpful staff. everyone is very attentive to the children. driving into the camp, you see the children participating in so many various activities. there is something amazing about growing up with summers at ramblings pines, making great friends, and then working at the camp. our boys have so many memories at rambling pines and they look forward to going back every summer."~alex reznik"this is a great camp!! our children have been going to rambling pines since they were in kindergarten and our oldest is now a counselor. the camp has wonderful owners and very friendly and helpful staff. everyone is very attentive to the"~kenneth kim"my daughter went to multiple camps in the princeton/pennington, area, and year after year enjoyed them, but was never fully satisfied. then she went to rambling pines. the environment they provided for her was incredible! she loved it. it was the only camp she actually asked us to extended her time there for the following season. the jordan family are committed to providing their campers a really fun and engaging time, with a lot of activities, in a very well maintained camp setting. 5 star ratings. i highly recommend. thanks."~david shapiro"my daughter started going to this camp 3 years ago. she was 6 years old was very hesitant because she didn’t know anyone.  the staff starting from the bus driver at pick up to the bus  counselor and camp counselor where amazing.   she camp home her first day and loved it.  everyone there is warm accommodating and friendly.  you can see and feel they all love what they do. all the way up  to the owners.   what else can a parent want."~ellana sulla"my first grade daughter will be spending her 4th summer at rambling pines, and we couldn't be happier!  there are so many reasons that we love his camp: the bus service that picks her up at our door,  the awesome facilities (including 2 pools, mini golf, large indoor gym, arts room, horses etc.),  the very high staff to child ratio, the kind and creative staff, the yummy kid-oriented lunches and snacks, and so much more.  my daughter comes back every day with a smile on her face, ready to tell me all her adventures, and in my opinion that is what summer should be!"~amy o'donnell"i find rambling pines to be a very nurturing and supportive environment for our children. i have always felt that my children are in safe and loving hands when they are at this camp. my three kids always come off the bus with a smile on their faces and some exciting story to share.  even my most introverted child can’t wait to get back the very next day!"~suzan milman"i'm in my 30's and remember my own fun summers at rambling pines. both my children go there (3 & 7) and they absolutely love it.  they come home with huge smiles on their faces [...] the bus service is a huge bonus for me as the pick and and drop off door to door.  this camp is family run and a has great professional staff that keep parents aware of what is going on. i never had anything but good experiences with the enthusiastic councelors. i know my kids are safe there and the nurse is very attentive."~nicole klein 123 rambling pines day campcall now (609) 466-1212info@ramblingpines.com174 lambertville hopewell rd.hopewell, nj 08525 united statesterms & conditions | privacy policy | ada compliance | contact© 2025, rambling pines day camp | website by ovs websites

<!-- end of hubspot embed code —>