



bench tech training for slot techs





slot
                    tech magazine archive is here
                next-level slot tech training for 2024



a message from randy fromm and slot tech
                    magazine:
let





















                    me ask you:


do you have a shop stacked with
                        monitors and power supplies that need to be
                        fixed? 

 


are you sending units out for
                        repair?  


are you looking for a quick and
                        painless way to bring your slot techs up to
                        speed on monitor and power supply repair, down
                        to the component level?


this educational and fun class assumes
                    no previous knowledge of electronics. tuition for
                    the three-day class includes all textbooks and
                    classroom materials. each student receives their own
                    digital multimeter (theirs to keep) and soldering
                    tools and supplies as well as samples of electronic
                    components. students also build a component tester
                    that will be a valuable tool for diagnosing failures
                    in the shop. training is held at your own property.
                    we just need a quiet shop or meeting room.
the class schedule is below. if it's
                    something that interests you, please let me
                    know.  

                    to reserve dates for your class or for further
                    information, contact randy fromm. the cost of
                    training is $995 per person.

                    randy fromm-publisher
                    slot tech magazine
                    619.838.7111 direct
                    randyfromm@gmail.com  
  
class schedule
class begins at 9:00 am and typically
                    ends at around 4:00 pm daily with an hour break for
                    lunch at noon.
day one
 
beginning electronics for slot techs
this segment assumes that you have no
                    previous electronics training and takes you through
                    a simple, no math look at electronic components.
using a digital multimeter
the dmm is the single most important
                    piece of test equipment you can use. this class
                    shows you how to use the meter to make the tests and
                    measurements necessary for troubleshooting.
electronic components
the individual components are
                    introduced.
afternoon
soldering lab
good soldering technique takes practice
                    but there are some tricks that can really help speed
                    things along and minimize the chance of damage. each
                    student will be provided with their own soldering
                    iron, solder and desoldering supplies. this
                    equipment will be theirs to keep. we will be
                    assembling a fun practice kit that includes all of
                    the electronic components we have just studied. 

day two
electronic circuits, schematic diagrams
                    and more!  
understanding electronics is easy when
                    you learn the basics of how circuits and components
                    operate. students learn how the components function
                    and how to test them for proper operation using the
                    digital multimeter or other test equipment. students
                    will have ample opportunities to practice their
                    testing skills during the hands-on component testing
                    labs.
afternoon
soldering lab
following the first day’s soldering
                    practice, we will be constructing a component tester
                    which will be a valuable tool for the slot shop.
day three
power supplies
power supply failure is common (as you
                    know). this segment covers the theory of operation
                    of power supplies, including the power supplies used
                    in lcd monitors. the emphasis is on common failures
                    and repairs.
lcd monitor repair
for a casino, lcd monitor repair is
                    generally pretty easy thanks to their modular
                    design. this segment covers the theory of operation
                    of lcd monitors. there will be a presentation on
                    repair techniques including ccfl replacement with
                    leds. repair of inverter pcbs and a/d boards will be
                    covered.

a downloadable pdf with



                      enrollment form is available here


interested in
                      sponsoring an event at your property?
                to reserve dates for your class or for further
                information, contact randy fromm. the cost of training
                is $995 per person. 


randy fromm-publisher
slot tech magazine
619.838.7111 direct
randyfromm@gmail.com

















