










property management company in southfield, mi | lockwood companies



 
























skip to main content





southfield, mi | discover the lockwood difference




phone_enabled 
              (248) 203-0991            














 

 follow us



 














homeabout in the community meet the team company history management real estate development services lockwood communities lockwood senior living constructiondevelopmentcontactcareers job postings  



 




        building value for our communities, residents, and investors      

        making your community our priority      





















 development          





























 construction          



























 management          







20
multi-family communities


8
independent living communities


3,450
units under management









   lockwood companies property management southfield, mi lockwood companies is a full-service property management company that provides clients with the highest possible investment returns. our leadership has 35 years of experience in asset management, and we are proud to provide investors with a proven record of first-class community standards, superior performance, and innovative solutions to rental community challenges and opportunities. lockwood companies properties benefit from our construction, management, marketing, maintenance, and variety of available resources. we put best practices in place to ensure maximum income and minimized expenses, providing clients and local residents with the best possible solutions. contact us 



 

 maximize your property's potential   the best management in the industry providing real estate investment with a vision      results oriented get things done right and on time, know the goal, celebrate success.    does the right thing do the right thing, even when no one is looking and no one will find out, accept responsibility, admit when you are wrong, don't bury problems.    teamwork put team goals ahead of personal goals, communicate, find ways to help.      customer focused give great service, always be a professional, stay cool under fire, don't wait to be asked to help, know your customer.    growth mindset be a continuous learner, help others grow, always set higher standards.    



lockwood in the community

view more 









meal delivery for elderly makes sense sometimes



                        news                      








3 qualities to cultivate as a property manager



                        news                      








the most universally important management skills



                        news                      








3 ways to reward employees without a bigger budget



                        news                      








life after working at a rental property



                        news                      











          from our residents & team        





                    
                    if you are looking for a close-knit, family-friendly community, then this is where you need to be. maintenance is very responsive to your maintenance requests; usually, the same day as requested or at least within 24-48 hours depending on the type of maintenance emergency you are having. 

                                      
 lori, apartment community resident 










 accreditations & memberships          



   about lockwood companies our portfolio of over 30 apartment communities spans michigan and ohio. every lockwood community is managed by a team of service-oriented professionals dedicated to enhancing the lives of our valued residents and exceeding their expectations. contact us   









					27777 franklin rd., ste. 1410  southfield, mi 48034				




					(248) 203-0991 
				






homeabout management constructiondevelopmentcontact 












      the contents of this webpage are copyright © 2025 lockwood companies. all rights reserved. privacy





 





























 
 








