






crew asia inc. – manning agency based in cebu city, philippines










































toggle navigation







login
crew applicants
services
about
news
contact us
flags 4 yachts
 







your partner in the philippines for all your crewing needs.
tell me more





we are…
 


qualified
we are here to serve you…
the lifestyle and comfort you expect aboard your yacht is only as good as the personnel responsible for its operations, maintenance and service.
when hiring crew, from a laundry steward to a captain, confidence is key: you need the assurance that your vessel will operate and be maintained as well as – or better than – you could operate or maintain her yourself.
you need the certainty that your guests will be served and pampered to your highest expectations – and beyond.
for over 20 years through interviews conducted in the head office in cebu city, crew asia’s hand-picked crewing personnel have provided this confidence to yacht owners throughout the world.

dependable
quality is our by line…
all our personnel are carefully screened hand-picked professionals who have been chosen for their qualifications and experience. they are also endowed with the culturally-ingrained attitudes of loyalty and service. interviews and cross referencing are done out of the head office in cebu city.
since 1992, crew asia, a poea accredited manning agency has serviced the very top end of the yachting and mega-yachting community.
today this manning agency deploys 600+ crew members aboard 220 yachts – from 40 meter sailing vessels to 162.5-meter mega-yachts worldwide.
as the luxurious mega yachts grow larger in size and more in number, so does crew asia’s client list.  today more than 50 of the company’s client-vessels rank amount the top 200 largest, most luxurious yachts in the world ranging from 65 meters to 162.5 meters as reported by boat international.

experienced
the proof is in the personnel
if you are an authorized crew asia client, we invite you to browse through the qualifications of the latest personnel available for assignment by clicking below to choose any of the deck, engineering or interior positions shown below:

view deck personnel
view engineering personnel
view interior personnel

if you are not an authorized crew asia client, you will need to fill out a short application form before viewing these details.
you may start this process by clicking below:
click here for an application form





 



© 2025 crew asia inc. - all rights reserved










home
privacy policy

















privacy policy
the privacy, confidence, and trust of those who visit the crew asia web site are of paramount important to us. no personal information is ever collected via this site unless it is provided voluntarily by an individual while participating in an activity that requires such information. the following paragraphs disclose the information gathering and usage practices for the crew asia web site.
collection of information
this web site only collects personal information which is necessary to provide information or services requested by an individual user. "personal information" refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who is the subject of the information.
use of information
this web site uses the collected information in order to appropriately respond to a user's request. this may be to offer proprietary services and/or information which would require user authentication, or as a means to respond directly to a user's inquiries involving our services.
e-mail or other information requests may be maintained or forwarded to the appropriate personnel within the crew asia organization in order to respond to any given request.
under no circumstances will any information you provide be rented, sold, or shared with other individuals, companies, or organizations for any purpose.
cookies
cookies are short and simple text files that are stored on a user's computer hard drive. they are used to keep track of, and store, information so the user does not have to supply the information multiple times.
the information that is collected through cookies at this site, if any, is handled in the same manner as other information collected here. you can configure your web browser to refuse cookies or to notify you when a web site attempts to send you a cookie. you can also check your hard drive for cookie files and delete them from your computer as you see appropriate.
for those curious about such matters, crewasia.ph does not implement the use of cookies for user-tracking, recognition, or information gathering.
web site security
crew asia is committed to the security of any and all information that is either available from, or collected by, this web site. crew asia has taken multiple steps to safeguard the integrity of this web site, including but not limited to, user authentication, monitoring, and user password encryption.
links to other sites
this web site may, from time to time, include links to other web sites operated by private businesses which offer complementary information and services.
crew asia is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites and suggests that you review their privacy statements accordingly.
close























