






 
florida cleft palate – craniofacial association
























































 




































skip to content






florida cleft palate – craniofacial association

facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowmail page opens in new window

home about usour purpose board of directors  family resourcesflorida cleft teams facebook resources florida cleft and craniofacial network high school scholarship useful links  membershipmember roster become a member membership dues  donations & fundraisingwine-tasting fundraiser donations virtual 5k high school scholarship nursing scholarship  featured patients contact us 




 
home about usour purpose board of directors  family resourcesflorida cleft teams facebook resources florida cleft and craniofacial network high school scholarship useful links  membershipmember roster become a member membership dues  donations & fundraisingwine-tasting fundraiser donations virtual 5k high school scholarship nursing scholarship  featured patients contact us 















about us
the florida cleft palate – craniofacial association is a charitable 501(c)(3) organization that works to ensure that one day, all children in florida with cleft lip, cleft palate, or other craniofacial anomalies will have access to state-of-the-art care. learn more about who we are, what we hope to achieve, and how we do it.


learn more







fcpa 2025 annual meeting – program & registration open!
the purpose of the florida cleft palate craniofacial association annual meeting is to expand the knowledge and skills of clinicians who care for patients with cleft and craniofacial differences. this program offers interdisciplinary colleagues from various institutions the ability to cross collaborate and discuss latest scientific advances, and treatment options for patients with craniofacial differences.
the 63rd annual meeting of the fcpa will be held in person, on saturday, march 1, 2025, in the nicklaus children’s hospital main auditorium, miami fl.
for program details and registration information click the button below.


register now!







fcpa student committee
new this year!  fcpa has created the student committee and is recruiting for members.  please scan the qr code below to submit your information.  all applications will be reviewed and responded to in a timely manner.  thank you!











fcpa membership
the florida cleft palate – craniofacial association is dedicated to supporting healthcare providers who serve florida patients with cleft or craniofacial anomalies. learn how being an fcpa member can further your career and help you network with colleagues. remember to join by december 1, 2025!


become a member today








patient & family resources
you’ve come to the right place to learn about the valuable resources the fcpa provides for cleft patients, their families, and their caregivers, including a list of florida-based acpa-affiliated teams, facebook and other social-media resources, scholarships, useful links, and more!


learn more







featured patient mila rensing
our featured patient is mila rensing. born with a cleft lip and palate, mila is currently a patient of the nemours children’s health cleft and craniofacial team. an active 9-year-old with a passion for ghost hunting and a love for nature, she has plans for the future that are as spirited as her personality.


learn more








fcpa leadership
the florida cleft palate – craniofacial association is led by officers president raj sawh-martinez, md; vice president jordan steinberg, md; secretary john sarandria, md; treasurer jordan halsey, md; and immediate past-president brain kellogg, md. its board of directors meets monthly.


learn more










florida cleft palate - craniofacial association (fcpa)
p.o. box 179031
san diego, ca 92177

© 2024 fcpa


p: 1.858.467.9921
e: info@floridacleft.org

 





go to top

























































