



	western leather gun belts and holsters, rifle scabbards, saddlebags, custom leather goods









 











 
 
 
 






 


 
 
 
 

 






usa


items in my cart: 0
current subtotal: $0.00

| view cart| checkout |









quality products at affordable prices!















 














 






 






















 
 











antiques & collectableschaps - western leatherchinks - western leathergunbeltsleather accessoriesleather wrist cuffsrifle scabbardssaddlebagsspur strapswestern gun holsterswestern gunbelt w/holster (lined)western gunbelt w/holster (unlined)western ranger beltswestern saddleswestern shoulder holsters










fitting guidepolicies/shipping ratesreturn policyhistory of leatherhistory of gun leathercustomer commentslinkssite mapwestern gun links















					your cart is empty.








 








  
              




e-commerce solutions
 
























































































































  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   

 






call us at 520-269-2542 if you have questions about out products!




 

western gunbelts and holsters,
western gun holsters, shoulder holsters,
rifle scabbards, saddlebags and ranger belts
made in the usa 







cochise leather company is the home of custom handmade western gunbelts and holsters, gun holsters, western lined gun belt with holster sets, shoulder holsters, rifle scabbards, gun belts, ranger belts, hand braided horsehair belts and leather everyday work belts. . for the working cowboy, western pleasure and rodeo riders we make western saddlebags, spur straps, leather pommel bags with holster, chaps and chinks and more!  the quality construction of our western leather goods can stand up to the everyday hard use that can be required of all of our products and our old west badges are made in our leather shop by hand. exceptional quality and proudly made in the usa!


our period authentic western leather gun holsters, western leather gunbelts, western gun belt and holster sets come in a variety of styles and designs.  our old west designs include variations of the slim jim, mexican loop variations, the drifter and many more. we also have western movie era gun belts and western holsters such as the buscadero rigs, the duke, the paladin, butch cassidy, open range and many more worn by our favorite western movie stars. our products are authentic in design and can be used in old west stage shows, re-enactments, and western movie productions.


new! we are now making old west style unlined gunbelt and holster sets. depending on the rig the belt will either moneybelt, prairie or ranger style.


looking for a wild bunch action shooting rig?  we have two different designs for sass enthusiasts.  david laflair personally makes every item from the highest quality leather to your your custom order so it will be exactly as you want it.  if you would like to have something made that is not on our website, please contact us.  as makers of custom, handmade western leather goods david creates many custom items!  everything we sell is made in our workshop here in arizona.


check out our selection of ranger, horsehair and general purpose belts! 



cochise leather is proud of the quality of our product and we believe that quality and value go hand in hand. we do not charge extra for border tooling if it is an option on a product, all rifle scabbards come with the straps shown and we do not charge for the lining on our lined western gunbelts and holsters.



we do not sell our products to other companies for resale, nor do we use them as a middleman to accept orders. if you have not placed your order from this website at https://www.cochiseleather.com or called your order in to the number listed below you are not receiving a product from us.




cochise leather does not have a store front; we sell online only via a secure shopping cart or you can phone your order in by calling 520-269-2542.  selling directly to you without storefront overhead enable us to keep our prices low and pass the savings on to you.  most of our products are custom made in the usa by david laflair in the concho, arizona area. a long standing sass (aka dull knife dave #37361) and cmsa member he will make sure your items meet the standards required by these organizations. if you have questions about a product david extends the invitation to you to talk to him personally by leaving a message at 520-269-2542 and he will call you back.  customer satisfaction along with the quality of his product is his #1 priority!




 
to check the status of your current order please email us

we take extreme care in the making of all our products, our reputation depends on it!! 






featured and new products




 







sonora gunbelt with holsters - hs1802




prospector leather saddlebags - sb1923


  
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              

hand braided horsehair hatband - hb001




 




 
to check the status of your current order please email us
 
 
have you ever wondered about the history of gun leather and other types of leather goods used in the "old west"? read all about it on our history page for western gun leather.  and read about the history of other leather items on our western leather products history page. these pages give a brief but thorough history of leather from medieval times through today.




 






 

            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
we accept checks, money orders, mastercard, visa, 
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                 masterpass and paypal

 





 





















credit card payments are accepted through authorize.net secure credit card server 
 


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             we ship worldwide!!

 





 
 



      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
       
 









hours:
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              monday thru thursday
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              10:00 am - 5:00 pm
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              friday 10:00 am - 3:00 pm (mst) 
closed saturday and sunday
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
                
please leave a message if we are not there and
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              the best time to call you back within our working hours and we will return
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              your call asap or email us.
 


cochise leather company llc
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
             po box 906
concho, az  85924
 phone: 520-269-2542
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                phone orders: 520-269-2542

email us for order status
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
               



infocochiseleather@gmail.com






 





 


home | about us | contact us |  my account |  shipping policy | return policy | privacy policy | sitemap | cart help


 




 
© copyright 2000-2024 © cochise leather   all rights reserved.
 
content/information on this website is the sole responsibility of cochise leather co. llc
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  we reserve the right to make corrections to content and pricing.
cochise leather company




 
 

powered by network solutions online store








