





















  





the best wellness retreat | in:spa retreats











































 







 020 3235 0120





 020 3235 0120


make an enquiry




trustpilot

 

  



  



dates & prices
reviews
programme
how to book
team
news
contact

  















     

the best wellness retreat

we’ve been hosting our luxury, rejuvenating wellness retreats for 20 years – our team of health and fitness experts will guarantee a transformative retreat to give you an energised body and calmer mind















i realise i've never felt healthier and, strangely, rarely so happy... i decide in:spa is genius.



if you're after a full mind / body transformation, look no further than in:spa.



i went home knowing i was probably the healthiest i'd ever been in my life.










health & fitness
lose weight and improve your fitness with expert personal training, awe-inspiring hikes and motivating group fitness classes





yoga & massage
stretch, tone, relax and de-stress the body with inspiring yoga classes and blissful deep tissue massages





diet & nutrition
our team of chefs and nutritionists combine skills to create delicious meals, bursting with colour and flavour. our nutritionists create your personal plan for long lasting health




browse all our escapes




 trustpilot


trustpilot






the perfect wellness retreat
whether you’re looking for a detox retreat, a fitness and yoga retreat or a chance to lose weight, our team of personal trainers, yoga teachers, nutritionists, chefs and massage therapists will cater to your personal needs, making sure you have the perfect wellness retreat.








tuscany, italy
this beautiful tuscan estate, with its own lavender field sits among vineyards and olive groves. a perfect peaceful spot for a wellness retreat.





southern france
scenic and peaceful, with lush gardens and a large indoor yoga hall, puyssentut is the perfect sanctuary for a detox, fitness and yoga retreat. 





marrakech, morocco
escape the modern world with a health and fitness and yoga retreat in this boutique hotel nestled only a short drive from the atlas mountains, our stunning hiking terrain.




browse all our escapes












     
a bit of a revelation
when my wife insisted that i join her on an in:spa retreat, i can’t say that i was particularly looking forward to it. however, after a week in the hands of your experts, with lots of exercise, yoga, relaxation, sunshine and delicious healthy food … i returned home feeling a million dollars and so glad that i’d joined her!
- rob wescolter






     
go on, spoil yourself!
this is my ‘must do’ week in the year… time out for myself in wonderful surroundings with the support of the terrific in:spa team – tough workouts, fab hikes, delicious food, sound advice… all merge together to leave me with a sense of renewed focus and well being that has stayed with me. highly recommended.
- gary joyce






     
a perfect way to destress
the morocco retreat was superb. a great team (who were all excellent), lovely food and accommodation – and time to sit by the pool and get a tan too! i arrived tired and very stressed, and emerged calm, feeling fitter and healthier, and with a smile on my face. brilliant. i will be back…
- nat smith






     
highly recommended
i had no idea that healthy food could be so delicious or that advice from your nutritionist would be so useful. combine that with lots of fun exercise and – new for me – yoga classes, and i can honestly say that i came home feeling sooo much better, and with bags of energy. have recommended you to all my friends.
- fiona barlow






     
top holiday, top team
this was the most perfect holiday for me – i felt so well looked after by the lovely expert team and have never felt more energized and healthy…and i still do, 3 weeks later as i’ve kept up with all the realistic things that i learnt. thank you! i’ll be back!
- zoe steele






    
cal reiet
just returned from mallorca trip. it was fabulous. its my 6th inspa and never fails to be just the fix you need, to restore and revive you. location, staff, food and people were all a delight. santanyi village is really sweet and nice to be able to walk out and see a little of where you are too.
- lisa levine














highly recommended by





if you’re after a full mind / body transformation, look no further than in:spa.







i went home knowing i was probably the healthiest i’d ever been in my life.







i realise i’ve never felt healthier and, strangely, rarely so happy… i decide in:spa is genius.







….i feel fantastic. and a month on, i’m still running, doing yoga and eating less, and a couple more pounds have dropped off. if you aren’t sure how to kick start a new healthy you, don’t stress. have an in:spa holiday.







the in:spa team were a constant source of inspiration, fun and encouragement… none of us wanted to go home.







it isn’t cheap, but is fantastic value. we came back feeling a million dollars and some of the habits are sticking.














benefits of an in:spa wellness retreat
here are the top four reasons you should choose in:spa for your wellness retreat.




world-class professionals
we fly out our highly experienced team of fitness, yoga, nutrition, massage professionals – carefully selected for their expertise and warm, friendly nature





transformative results
you won’t believe how different you will look and feel after an in:spa wellness retreat. we deliver an unbeatable formula and benefits are long-lasting and life-changing





completely personalised programme
everyone has their own individual schedule and lots of one on one time with our expert team





our settings are stunning
you’ll be working and resting hard, so we’ve found the most beautiful hotels and locations as the backdrop to your retreat



find your perfect escape







 
financial protection:
inspa is owned and operated by the healthy holiday company ltd.  all the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the atol scheme. when you pay you will be supplied with an atol certificate. please ask for it and check to ensure that everything booked (flights, hotels and other services) is listed on it.
all of our bookings are covered with pts protected trust service, meaning that all of our customer funds are safely protected in a trust account until you are able to travel.
therefore you can be sure that there is no financial risk to your payment for your inspa holiday in accordance with our consumer protection obligations.
please see our booking conditions for further information or for more information about financial protection and the atol certificate, see atol certificate







website terms
booking terms and conditions
privacy policy
sitemap
 copyright © 2025 in:spa. all rights reserved. all trademarks acknowledged.





























