






simonds international – industrial saws, knives










































  
bandsaw  blades
machine knives
circular saws
equipment & vocational training
 




800-426-6226
armstrong|
my simonds
























– burton mill solutions and usnr combine to deliver the most comprehensive offering of equipment, technology, service, and essential tooling used in modern wood processing facilities.  press release
– the simonds international saw filer vocational training center publishes the 2024 training schedule view calendar






pallet manufacturing 

 learn more



sawmill 

 learn more



wood chip 

 learn more



armstrong 

 learn more



tree care 

 learn more



engineered wood 

 learn more










 


 


 


 


 


 





about simonds international

for over 190 years, skilled masters in many wood processing industries have turned to simonds international for products and services to improve their competitive position in the marketplace. we provided high quality tools, training on how to optimize the use of them and superior value at our start, and we carry on that tradition today.
as the oldest cutting tool manufacturer in north america, simonds international offers one of the broadest and most trusted lines of cutting tools and related reconditioning equipment found anywhere in the world. mill managers, filers and grindermen have grown to depend on the quality and innovation of simonds international products and services. and with our merger with b.g.r. saws in 2017, our ability to supply innovative custom saw blade designs, quality and value has grown stronger.
read more 








news & announcements

news 
press releases 
show schedule

view all






 


sitc announces a full calendar of saw filer vocational training for 2024

simonds international's saw filer vocational training classes at the sitc operated at full steam in 2023 offering classes almost every month. the schedule is even more aggressive for 2024 with 14 classes on the calendar. the sitc now offers three sawmill wide bandsaw and two...

learn more







 


burton mill solutions is the new name for wood fiber group and simonds international

burton mill solutions is the new name of wood fiber group and simonds international. our burton mill solutions name better describes our company, the combination of the leading names in commercial cutting tools, filing room automation technology, and technical support for the wood processing industry....

learn more



 


wood technologies international acquires the knife source

ridgefield, wa and fountain inn, sc june 8, 2022 -- wood technologies international announced the acquisition of the knife source in a transaction that will create the world’s most comprehensive supplier of the machine knives for lumber, panel, wood chips and biomass processing companies. the...

learn more



 


vollmer chooses burton saw & supply

vollmer, the global market leader for circular saw sharpening machines in the sawmill industry, just announced an exclusive n american distribution agreement with burton saw & supply.  burton saw & supply - along with its affiliates, simonds international, cut technologies and bgr saws - is...

learn more

















simonds international locations


ridgefield wa
springfield or
florence sc
fitchburg ma
western canada
eastern canada
global tooling & supply hq


to send us an email or to find contact information
                        for our other divisions. contact us











about us
about us
company overview
news
press releases
show schedule
contact us
other burton mill solutions locations
 

other links
nwcpa
tcia
find us on facebook
premera blue cross
delta dental insurance
empower retirement account site
csdc
wbdc
 

other burton mill solutions
burton mill solutions
cut technologies
wright equipment
global tooling
bgr saws
us blades
the knife source



get in touch


 
							       800-426-6226							 

1981 schurman way
woodland, wa 98674





© 2024 simonds international, llc. all rights reserved.
website by darby digital



















