






centennial covenant church































































































i’m new

plan your visit
next steps
what we believe


about us

what we believe
worship gatherings
staff & elders
jobs
contact


connect

families

kids
middle school
high school


youngish adults
crescendo 50s 60s 70s
senior friends
groups & classes
life groups
directory


serve

start
global
local outreach (flourish)


sermons

sermon library
livestream


this week at ccc
give
blog
join us this weekend
 





select page


  
 



 



 















explore the life you were made for
a safe space for connection and growth.





watch a past service



plan your visit



d/hh accessibility












latest sermon






loading content...


share a link to this message
the link has been copied to your clipboard; paste it anywhere you would like to share it.
close




karl helvig - february 16, 2025
formation in community








watch 



from series: "matthew" 
 





powered by series engine










watch livestream



watch past sermons












ccc opportunities












click here to make a tax-deductible donation







life can be overwhelming
our busy and chaotic lives can leave us isolated.
centennial covenant church exists to be the intersection between you, god, and others – out of isolation and into an abundant life of connection.
your life was made for something more. we want to be a safe place for you to experience this life. bring your questions and doubts and let’s explore a life with god.

plan your visit











our goal is to help youbecome the person god made you to be.

here’s how you do it:








join us this weekend
whether you join us online or in person, our first place of connection is our weekend gathering. come connect with god and others and experience life as it was meant to be lived – in community.



plan your visit






come share a meal with us
food brings people together. sign up for taste of centennial and learn more about our community, why we exist and get connected. 
 



register today






find your place




there’s no wrong next step. whether it’s connecting with one of our church leaders over coffee or signing up to serve others, we want to make you feel at home with folks on the same path as you.







grab coffee with a pastor







location & times







in littleton
worship at 10 am
with d/hh interpretation
401 w. mineral ave, littleton, co





 livestream
worship at 10 am
with d/hh interpretation
watch livestreamlisten to a past service







the mission god has called us to




centennial covenant church exists to glorify god by following jesus on a shared journey of transformation in his mission to our broken world.

what we believe








are you tired? worn out? burned out on religion? come to me. get away with me and you’ll recover your life. i’ll show you how to take a real rest. walk with me and work with me—watch how i do it. learn the unforced rhythms of grace. i won’t lay anything heavy or ill-fitting on you. keep company with me and you’ll learn to live freely and lightly.

matthew 11:28-30 (the message)







god can work in the life of anybody

bring your questions, doubts, fears and failures. we’re all in process and we believe life is best lived and processed together. churches are made up of people who sadly mess up and make mistakes. if you’ve been hurt or burned by a church in the past, we’d love to be the place you give faith and god another chance.

plan your visit




 












centennial covenant church
401 w mineral ave.littleton, co 80120
get directions



contact
info@centcov.org
303.797.2344








copyright - centennial covenant church 




 



































