





dcsoft - system, gui, full stack development











toggle navigation








regeditx
timestitcher


portfolio

resume

pdf format
doc format



writing

blog
quora
stackoverflow

github
bitbucket


contact










welcome to dc software!  i'm david ching.





system (windows)

            for over 20 years, dcsoft has provided windows api and internals expertise, with an emphasis in application hooking for custom modification of client applications,
            for which no source code is available.
        

regeditx is a consumer application that modifies the standard
            windows registry editor (regedit) to insert additional productive functionality.
        

            dcsoft has also consulted to research and deploy products at:
        


apple computer (enhanced the libdispatch threading library for windows, used by itunes)
            

trimble navigation (stabilized two simulator platforms for trimble agricultural controllers)
            

salfeld computer (consumer application "child control", parental control software)
            

zeronines (research into mirroring sql server transactions in real-time)
            



gui

            for over 20 years, dcsoft has provided excellent gui software (emphasizing windows but also cross platform to mac and linux
            using the qt framework) to large companies:
        


logitech (setpoint)
            

sandisk (u3 launcher)
            

and to startups:


blue river/john deere (utility for marking agricultural plots taken from drones)
            

ironkey/kingston (control panel)
            



full stack
for 8 years, dcsoft has developed web applications using the windows full stack (windows server/iis/sql server/linq/entity framework/asp.net mvc/web api/jquery/angular).

            clients include:
        


intel (started rewrite of cache acceleration responsive web app)
            

erg/yoh (timecard management and business financials for technical recruitment)
            






gui portfolio





desktop engineer of direct connect, customer lobbydaily uploads of invoicing data for repeat marketing.written in c#/wpf/winforms.  deployed in 2016.



client:  blue river technology (acquired by john deere)traitmapper - identify agricultural plots on gps coordinated photos.written in qt/python.  deployed in 2017. 



client:  geo semiconductorgui for tuning image quality algorithms.written in qt/c++.  deployed in 2015. 






client: ergweb application for contractor timecards and business reporting.written in asp.net mvc/jquery. deployed in 2012. 



client:  zeronines/intelcache acceleration (responsive web app).written in javascript/angular.  created in 2014. 



client:  amicus wirelessdiagnostics monitor - business customer facing utility to set and view performance of wireless chipset.written in c#/wpf/pinvoke.  deployed in 2007. 






chief architect of setpoint application, logitechuser-friendly configuration of logitech mice and keyboards.written in mfc/c++.  deployed in 2004.



client:  airgo networks/linksyswireless connection utility - consumer facing utility to easily configure a wireless home networking.written in c++/mfc.  deployed in 2007. 





the recommendation


                    august, 2015
                

                    i hired david ching early july 2015 for design of a graphical user interface tool for tuning geo semiconductor's image quality algorithms. i was truly impressed by david's ability to grasp quickly the project's technical requirements, as well as the schedule constraints. in about 6 weeks, david picked a scalable framework for the software architecture, delivered a professional fully functional result completed with training materials (including video walkthrough) for the software team to pick up.
                    david is very enjoyable to work with, very well organized, self-managed, with a strong attention to detail, a clear sense of meeting deadlines and a passion for quality software.
                    david far exceeded my expectations and is now on my top contact list for software development services.
                
hervé brelay, vp software engineering, geo semiconductor, san jose ca



the creed


                    i develop software which genuinely improves people's lives and set a high standard of delivery and integrity.
                

                    at every milestone, my code is highly functional with little technical debt, and is easy to read and understand.  i try very hard to remove unnecessary indirection and "just get to the point."  i focus on the complete package (including a deployment strategy and documentation) and constantly look ahead to anticipate problems early.  i will bend over backwards to meet your deadlines.
                



the business


                    dcsoft was established in 1995 and is a sole proprietorship located in san ramon, ca usa (in the san francisco bay area).
                






© 1995-2025 - dc software







