bootsnall - independent travel community for indie travelarticlesfeaturedabout usflightswelcome to bootsnallguidance for the road aheadsince 1999, bootsnall has helped you better understand yourself and others by encouraging you to leave home to experience the world firsthand.we call this independent travel or today’s covid world, independent exploration…which is a departure from routine – an opportunity to learn, have fun and embrace life in novel environments and cultures, even in your own city/location. 
we better understand ourselves and others when we leave home to experience the world firsthand. bootsnall cultivates this understanding and human condition and values interactions over transactions and private transformation over social status and bragging rights.
bootsnall continues this today via publishing long form content on independent travel, around the world and long-term travel guides, a curated community and a most excellent newsletter.
explore bootsnallyour kind of travelround the world (rtw)travel with kids & familygap yearsolo female traveldigital nomadcareer breaksenior travelrecent articlestravel blog vs travel poetrytravel blog… how to travel the world for cheap. do tel aviv in 48 hours. see peru in 9 days. travel poetry… walk with no phone and no map in a new city or place say hello to a stranger and invite them to and share a cuppa with you. listen. hat tip to gra […]
 continue readingi put travel on my resume and it got me a jobi returned from a year-long sabbatical in asia without any sort of career waiting for me, but travel boosted my resume. 
 continue readingcycling the pacific coaston november 7, 2016, i embarked on my first ever cycling trip. objective: seattle to san diego.
 continue readinghow traveling with purpose can change your lifei was obsessed with my travel bucket list. after an ah-ha moment, my eyes were opened and i now choose to travel with purpose!
 continue readingbook a tripnavigationloading...categoriesloading...subscribe to our newslettersubscribe© 2025, bootsnall travel network, llc. all rights reserved