









home | virginia horse council





























































facebookmailjoin us   |   members    |    shop 


0shopping carthome
resources

legislation

recent legislative information
virginia regulations
your legislator information


trails and land use
virginia’s equestrian youth
general horse care
emergency information
informative resource links


join us

membership benefits
purchase memberships / advertising

orders


membership forms
sign up for latest news


our members

business members
group members


news

recent news
newsletters

winter 2021
fall 2021
winter 2020
summer 2020


livestock hall of fame
annual awards and presentations


upcoming events

annual meeting and educational seminar


about

mission statement/by-laws
board of directors


contact us





menu


menu

 










virginia horse council is your voice for the expanding equine industry in the commonwealth of virginia

please click to see the virginia horse council’s statement regarding the recent hpa legislation
statement

what we dowhat we dowhat we dowhat we dopreviousnextlegislative issueslegislative issueslegislative issueslegislative issuespreviousnextresourcesresourcesresourcesresourcespreviousnext

our efforts are supported through the generosity of:


upcoming eventslatest legislative issuesriding resourcesmembershipawardspreviousnext

save the date
virginia horse council educational seminar/annual meeting
we’re pleased to announce the 2025 virginia horse council educational seminar and annual meeting will take place on saturday, march 22, 2025 at the virginia horse center!

please click here to go directly to registration!
we are excited to announce our 2025 membership drive is underway!
after we receive your membership application and payment you will receive a welcome packet which will include the following:

membership card
information on exciting membership benefits
in excess policy information (*if premium membership is purchased)
in addition, the first 100 2025 vhc memberships will receive feed coupons

please click here pay and register online
please click here to download the printable form

the virginia horse council is aware of the recent federal horse protection act proposed changes and is working with individual agencies with a vested interest in the matter.  to see the vhc formal statement, please see the red banner on the homepage above.  to contact your legislator about this, please click the button below.
find my legislator


virginia horse council provides informative resource information on:

commercial driver’s license requirements
breed registries and associations
health and education
sport and horse show associations
and more…

view resources


the virginia horse council is a not-for-profit organization and is your voice for the expanding equine industry in the commonwealth of virginia, supporting all equine activities and interests in virginia. the membership year is january 1 through december 31.

purchase membership

the late sally lamb was the honored recipient of the 2021 livestock hall of fame award.  sally was an esteemed equestrian instructor and horse industry advocate who had a profound and lasting impact on many lives in virginia. she was the founder of the “four horseshoes youth foundation,” an organization dedicated to providing opportunities for equine experiences and horseback riding for underprivileged youth.



share this entryshare on facebookshare on xshare on xshare on whatsappshare on pinterestshare by mail
   

contact us virginia horse council
vhc administrative assistant
16157 pug swamp lane
beaverdam, va, 23015
phone: 888-horseva (888-467-7382)
fax: 540-231-3010

sign up for latest newsname * e-mail * this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.this contact form is deactivated because you refused to accept google recaptcha service which is necessary to validate any messages sent by the form.this site has been made possible by a generous grant from vhib





© 2025 copyright virginia horse council. all rights reserved.  |  website by gallop web services 
facebookmail






scroll to top

remember to sign up for the vhc annual meeting and educational seminars! dismiss


call now button 













