








home - casa monterey | fire and safety services in lafayette, plastic surgery in miami, air conditioning repair in lafayette, pool cleaning






































home
about us
contact us
terms and conditions
privacy policy
 





select page


  
 



 



 










our blog










what can start a fire in your house?

by secure_admin | aug 9, 2019
when the colder season fast approach, we need to make sure our heaters at home function properly. when winter finally arrives, we are warm and cozy inside. but with winter comes a few risks. 
winter means we have to really spend on electricity bills courtesy of the heat produced at home because, without them, we’ll freeze to death. and also because of this, winter is the time when most houses can get on fire. but even if it’s not winter season, fire can start if precautions or signs are ignored. 

fire is a devastating tragedy. but the good thing is that it can be prevented. here is a guide we have made for you. read on to know more. 
 heaters 
no house is without any type of heater. can you imagine having none during winter? nobody can. we put our heaters on, round the clock. but sometimes, especially when the temperature is really cold, like negative cold, we turn it up even more. the same goes for houses with areas where the heat produced by the furnace and other heating devices cannot reach. homeowners usually address this by having heaters that are plugged in. unfortunately, all of these can cause a fire. it’s not that you should not use them. again, who will do that during winter? you just have to be very cautious when using the heaters. don’t place anything ignitable or combustible near them. don’t plug portable ones on an extension wire. if you want to be extra careful, don’t sleep with any of them turned on. better that than be sorry later. besides, you always have your warm duvets and comforters. 
cooking  
if you are multitasking (which is fine) just try to remember to check in on your what you are cooking from time to time. if you think you are doing too many a task at the same time, you can put the timer on your phone or alarm so you’ll be reminded. also, keep the potholders, towels, oils, and other flammable things away from the stove or range. heat and fire can transfer rapidly.  
electric wires 
all of us are guilty of plugging several devices in one outlet or one extension wire. but this can actually overburden the outlet can cause short circuits or damage the wires in other ways. it’s actually easy to tell if the wires are loaded or not. if they feel hot, then they are overworked. 
5. candles  
candles are great no just a décor or part of an intricately designed table setting. most people have candles because they emit fumes (scented candles) that are therapeutic or just smell great. but if they are not used carefully, can be a major cause of a house fire. the candles aren’t the issue. it’s the way we use them. so, if you light one or more, don’t place them near curtains, pets, or children. 
for more fire-related concerns, fire and safety services in lafayette can help you. 




cosmetic plastic surgeries that people most frequently get

by secure_admin | aug 7, 2019
 plastic surgery can be for both medical and cosmetic reasons. medically, plastic surgery helps patients who had accidents, previous surgeries, scars, and help restore the body or part thereof that had been damaged. but more often than not, plastic surgery is used for cosmetic reasons. this is called cosmetic surgery or cosmetic plastic surgery. if someone wants to have something about his or her physical appearance altered, then plastic surgery can be the way to go.  

there are numerous operations there is. but here are some of the most common of them. 
1. dermabrasion  
dermabrasion is a procedure that utilizes a particular apparatus that tenderly polishes epidermis through a non-abrasive sand-paper like tool. when the topmost film of the skin has been taken off, the region will start recovering and a new layer will replace the removed one. the final outcome is smoother skin.  
2. facelift  
people get a facelift to address and correct loose skin that can be seen as sagging, drooping, or heavily wrinkled. this procedure includes lifting the skin and tissues are lifted, removal of extra skin, and realigning it.  
3. lip enlargement 
lip enlargement expects to give a more full-looking lips to those who avail the procedure. most commonly, dermal fillers are injected to the lips according to the patient’s desired shape and size. the result is a more volumized lips. although it seems great, this procedure isn’t permanent. it can only last up to half a year. you’ll need to undergo another procedure if you want to keep your new lips. 
4. hair restoration 
also called hair transplant, this is a procedure wherein bald spots are corrected. this is done by moving hair from an area with abundance, to an area where balding is apparent or present. a single course can transfer a lot of hairs. but remember we don’t have the same hair type. this implies that some might need more or fewer sessions. this procedure is not temporary. you won’t need another go unless you have another bald spot.  
5. breast augmentation 
this procedure functions in two ways. one, surgeons can change the size of the breasts. two, he or she can change the shape of the breasts. if the former is performed, it can also be called breast implant due to the fact that an implant will be administered so the breasts increase in size.  
6. liposuction  
liposuction is a procedure that removes fat from the body or parts thereof and helps bring it back to how it was or should be. the procedure is done by eliminating fat under the skin  
restricted fat stores are evacuated legitimately underneath the skin by utilizing an apparatus that works like a vacuum. the area of the body that will undergo liposuction can undergo a separate procedure that will burn the fat before it is sucked in by the vacuum-like apparatus. the body parts that most people commonly get done are the abdomen, thighs, and arms. 
if you want to know more about a plastic surgery, visit plastic surgery in miami. 




the common types of air condition and their form factors

by secure_admin | aug 5, 2019
 as a way to combat the heat during the summer, modern technology has allowed people to utilize air-conditioning from small bedrooms, to large halls and arenas, they all perform a similar task of keeping the ambient temperature at a relatively comfortable level.   

but with the wide variety of useful applications, just how many form factors are there? and how do they work? below are some of the familiar examples of the air conditioning units commonly seen in everyday structures: 
windows air conditioners – these are the most commonly seen ac units available, commonly used to cool small rooms, or in tandem with multiples, larger rooms. their small size and lower power rating are best suited for bedrooms, small classrooms, or similar structures. they are installed through window-sized holes on the wall, or sit at the corner of an existing window cavity. the entire system of a window ac is contained in one unit. one side being able to put out cold air, and the other side contains the components that extract the heat in the cooling process. with the nature of installation, this may pose an issue for rooms and spaces that are in the middle of an indoor structure for the heat is simply exhausted outside the space of interest. they are relatively cheap and typically controlled by knobs and switches on the cooling side although many newer window acs also use touch panels and remotes. split-type air conditioners – they are often considered for their silent operation, more discrete profile, and slightly larger cooling capacities. the cooling and heat extracting components of this type of air conditioner are separated. the cooling portion of the ac is placed inside the space of interest, and the heat-extracting component is placed outside the structure and is connected via small tubing and wiring. split-type air conditioners are commonly controlled through a remote. duct-less mini split air conditioners – due to their smaller form factor and less structural alteration required compared to the two earlier types, mini-split air conditioners provide a flexible application of heating and cooling of specific rooms, the caveat to these types of air conditioners are their poor energy efficiency compared to different types of air conditioning systems. centralized air conditioning systems – their large structural investment yet greater cooling capacity make this type of air conditioning repair in lafayette system suitable for large structures such as domes, arenas, halls, and other larger and spacious areas. with a system of air ducts properly directed at areas of interest, a large central cooling and heat-extracting unit is placed commonly above the building or structure which it outputs cold air into the ducts into the area of interest. as the air becomes warmer, the intake is also a system of ducts which allows the air conditioning system to regulate and monitor the temperature despite the large volume it needs to cool. 
with the proper knowledge of air conditioning systems, choosing the proper one for your house, office or even project can ensure its efficiency and capability to keep your space cool. 




keeping your pool clean: what you need and should know

by secure_admin | aug 2, 2019
 with a somewhat large body of water at your backyard, or even maintaining your own pool for a resort, the proper care of your pool will not only help in keeping it aesthetically pleasing, but will also keep the pool safe for use. although getting your pool clean professionally may seem to be an appealing option, being able to clean your own pool makes a cost-effective means of maintaining it.   

it may take a bit of work in pool cleaning, and monitoring the chemical levels present, but it is worth it to keep it clean and ready for use. below are steps and ways to keep your pool clean: 
skim and brush the water’s surface – with a telescopic pole, and a leaf skimmer attached, skimming to remove leaves, bugs, and other debris off the surface which can lessen the potential of further contamination of the pool. regular maintenance of the leaf skimmer should also be practiced in order to avoid the skimmer contaminating the water itself. brush the sides and other surfaces of the pool – most pools would use a rough surface at the edges and corners in order to provide a surface which can grip to wet skin to avoid slipping. algae and other dirt can be caught in the crevices and may cause slipping. having a brush and proper detergent or soap can brush away algae, grime, and other dirt off these surfaces. vacuum the pool floor – with a properly setup pool vacuum, make regular passes of the pool floor as some dirt and debris may sink into the bottom of the pool which could pose a hazard as some debris can be sharp. do this at least once a week to ensure no debris are left behind in which people can step on. regularly check the pool’s filter – check the filter for any unwanted debris in which the initial skimming, brushing, and vacuuming may have missed as this may contaminate the pool even before the pool is refilled. check the pool’s chemical and ph level – with a ph tester, regularly check the water’s ph level in order to check if the water is safe for human skin and use. typical safe levels range from 7.2 to 7.6. use a ph increaser or reducer accordingly.  
properly use sanitizing chlorine and pool shock – sanitizing chlorine dissolves and kills most bacteria present in the pool. sanitizing chlorine can also be used with your cleaning utensils to avoid them contaminating your pool. pool shock further targets specific bacteria common in most pools such as urine, hair, and sweat. if the pool is frequently used pool shock would provide even further sanitation in conjunction with sanitizing chlorine. 
as swimming pools provide plenty fun and recreational activities, and also make a great compliment to many special occasions from parties to family gatherings, it is important to practice proper sanitation and maintenance for your pool in order it to allow stress-free, safe, and a sanitary place. 










search for:





recent posts


what can start a fire in your house?


cosmetic plastic surgeries that people most frequently get


the common types of air condition and their form factors


keeping your pool clean: what you need and should know


recent commentsarchives

august 2019

categories

air condition repair

fire and safety service

plastic surgery

pool cleaning







 








 

























