









pediatric dentistry | naples, fl | children's dentistry of naples
































































 


















		skip to content















239-262-3898


















make a payment














request appointment
















 









 



about us





meet the doctor


careers


pediatric dentistry





exams & cleanings


preventive care


dental fillings & crowns


patients with special needs


nitrous oxide sedation


orthodontic referrals


pediatric dental emergencies


for patients





your child’s first visit


insurance & financial info


reviews


frequently asked questions


contact us





refer a patient


schedule an appointment


 











 
239-262-3898










request appointment










make a payment




















 









welcome to children's dentistry of naples 



trusted pediatric dentistry in naples, fl 






request appointment




















a lifetime of bright smiles starts here 



if you’ve been seeking quality pediatric dentistry in naples, fl, you’re in the right place. for almost three decades, families throughout southwestern florida have turned to children’s dentistry of naples to help them keep their kids healthy, happy, and smiling brightly. our acclaimed “treat and teach” approach has enabled us to put generations of young people on the path to lifelong dental health. this effort combines exceptional care with age-appropriate education and encouragement, with the goal of helping your child develop the essential oral hygiene habits that will serve them well for decades to come. it’s never too early or too late to make quality dental care a regular part of your child’s life. when you’re ready to get started, the children’s dentistry team is here to help! 






















 




							we're kid experts!						


						choose a team that enjoys working with children and knows how to make them feel comfortable and confident in the dental office.
					













 




							"treat & teach" approach						


						by combining expert care and education, we hope to inspire parents and patients to become interested in dental care.
					













 




							start a lifetime of healthy smiles						


						because a lifetime of healthy smiles starts with the first tooth, we empower children to form healthy habits to support their smile’s future.
					






















family-friendly pediatric dentistry in naples, fl 



from routine checkups to emergency interventions, you can always count on children’s dentistry of naples for reliable care and personalized service:

pediatric dental exams & cleanings: regularly scheduled checkups, x-rays, and cleanings can help your child enjoy a lifetime of healthy teeth.
preventive pediatric dental care: sealants, fluoride treatment, and related services can reduce the risk of many common dental concerns.
pediatric dental fillings & crowns: for complications such as cavities or cosmetic damage, we can repair the damage and restore your child’s smile.
safe nitrous oxide sedation: our nitrous oxide sedation is ideal for children who might find it difficult to remain calm and comfortable during their visit.  
patients with special needs: we are a compassionate, inclusive practice where children with special needs will always be welcomed and valued.
pediatric dental emergencies: if your child has a tooth-related injury or a problem that can’t wait until their next appointment, we’re just a phone call away.
 






our services













 








dr. gerardo santiagoread bio 










meet the doctor 



our naples pediatric dentist is caring, kind, and delighted to assist your child with their smile care and oral wellness. click below to learn more! 






learn more













 



 





$99 cleaning, exam & x-ray* 



allow our team members to give your child the smile care they deserve! we will brush, polish, and floss their teeth to make them sparkly clean. then, we will conduct a complete examination and x-ray – all for just $99!
*new patients only 






learn more











 











insurance information & financing options 



if you ever have questions about paying for pediatric dentistry in naples, fl, please don’t hesitate to contact us.children’s dentistry of naples accepts most insurance plans that cover dental care. with your permission, a member of our team can work directly with your insurance provider to confirm your coverage, verify your benefits, and provide all necessary documentation.if you don’t intend to use insurance, you can pay with cash, check, or any major credit card. we can also help you set up a financing plan, so that your child can get the care they deserve with minimal disruption to your family’s budget. 






learn more















looking for pediatric dentistry in naples, fl? discover what other families are saying about us 









 





“this office is amazing! the doctor is so good with my daughter and we will definitely be back. it is such a pleasant atmosphere there and the dentist is so kind! 5-star from us!” 



margy b. 



 









 





“what a wonderful experience at the doctor’s office. the doctor and his team are kind, caring and nurturing. we had this experience with the doctor and dental assistant, who were both wonderful! we traveled from sarasota to get my 5-year-old’s tooth pulled. he had multiple bad experiences elsewhere and i cannot say enough good things about this office. we will definitely be back. thank you again for a great experience for my child!” 



kaitlin s. 



 









 





“the doctor is the boss! he has successfully put my very active son’s tooth back together 3 times and counting. he and his team are always professional, compassionate people. the office is so calming and tranquil with soothing ocean noises, pictures of fish, and tv screens streaming marine life. i think all dentist’s offices should have this type of experience. thank you doctor, you are the best!” 



andrea v. 



 










read more















new families always welcome:
schedule your child's appointment today! 



whether you’re setting up your toddler’s first dental appointment or looking for a new dentist for your child, your family is always welcome at children’s dentistry of naples. our pediatric dental office is conveniently located on airport-pulling rd. n, just over a mile from the golden gate parkway. this provides easy access to families from central naples, bears paw, lake park, leawood lake, vineyards, island walk, and other nearby communities. 

















 









 

 


call us 

					239-262-3898				






















 

 


appointments 







request appointment


























 

 


address 

					3021 airport-pulling rd n ste. 203naples, fl 34105				





































 









 




©  2025 all rights reserved. 







 
239-262-3898




 
3021 airport-pulling rd n ste. 203, naples, fl 34105









facebook-f
 



google
 










important links: 





main menu



pediatric dental services
insurance & financial info
meet the doctor
faqs
careers
contact us










hours: 









monday



8:00 am - 4:30 pm








tuesday



8:00 am - 4:30 pm








wednesday



8:00 am - 4:30 pm








thursday



8:00 am - 4:30 pm








friday



closed
































privacy policy




website accessibility















 scroll to top

   









































