





jewish freeware – just another wordpress site

























 














skip to content



jewish freeware

				just another wordpress site			








featureda different night: the family participation haggadah by noam zion and david dishon 

this is a one-time during 2020 only for this  free download of an exceptional haggadah
a-different-night-compact-in-orderdownload


posted bydov lernermarch 30, 2020march 30, 2020posted inuncategorizedleave a comment on a different night: the family participation haggadah by noam zion and david dishon 



seder practices around the globe and through jewish history 

when your seder begins, consider the origins of your family and where the various generations originated – europe, asia, israel and the middle east, africa, north and south america. your customs may well represent the merging of various ethnic practices – and you may not yet know and appreciate how your family came to be. think about those customs and laws your family observes and ask a 5th question why?
 seder practices around the globe and through  jewish history download


posted bydov lernerapril 1, 2020posted inuncategorizedleave a comment on seder practices around the globe and through jewish history 



symbolism and symbols on – or near –  the seder plate 

there are the very traditional symbols on or near or under the seder plate, according to different traditions and organization of the passover symbols. today, as across the years, we keep being creative and adding symbols to the seder which interpret “freedom” for each of us and for the time in which we are living. see what you can add, or subtract, or interpret differently!
 symbolism and symbols on-or-near-the seder plate download


posted bydov lernermarch 31, 2020posted inuncategorizedleave a comment on symbolism and symbols on – or near –  the seder plate 



a secular seder: the haggadah  for cultural jews, their families and friends by herbert j. levine 

more
than the jewish people have kept passover, passover has kept the jewish people.
more than any other jewish ritual, the seder continues to be observed. there is
something profound about what we do when we participate in a seder, which both
expresses and shapes who we are. this applies both to jews and to non-jewish
family members and friends who celebrate passover.

most jews who say ‘i am jewish, but not religious’ mean that they identify
with the values and customs of judaism, the culture, but not the theology. if
you define yourself in this way, this haggadah is for you. 




a secular seder for cultural jews download


posted bydov lernermarch 25, 2020posted inuncategorized2 comments on a secular seder: the haggadah  for cultural jews, their families and friends by herbert j. levine 



a complete traditional haggadah 

this file provides a pdf of the virtually complete traditional haggadah text with hebrew, translation and transliteration  which you are encouraged to share with your communities and email lists world-wide.
5780  a complete traditional haggadah-download


posted bydov lernermarch 22, 2020march 30, 2020posted inuncategorizedleave a comment on a complete traditional haggadah 



the abcs of a basic seder haggadah 

this is the shortest, simplest haggadah for those who are essentially novices at leading or following a haggadah.
the-abcs-of-a-basic-seder-3-22-20-1download


posted bydov lernermarch 22, 2020march 22, 2020posted inuncategorizedleave a comment on the abcs of a basic seder haggadah 



5780 haroset customs and ingredients: 


customs, ingredients and ethnic traditions of making haroset / charoset for the seder table  listing countries of presumed origin
5780  2020  passover   haroset  workshop                          3-22-20download
 



posted bydov lernermay 7, 2019march 22, 2020posted inholidays, passovertags: xleave a comment on 5780 haroset customs and ingredients: 



world’s largest seder songbook 

over many years, i’ve collected and received contributions of original passover songs and song parodies. this is the most current update of that collection. 
 download


posted bydov lernermay 6, 2019may 6, 2019posted inholidays, passoverleave a comment on world’s largest seder songbook 









search for:





recent posts


seder practices around the globe and through jewish history


symbolism and symbols on – or near –  the seder plate


a different night: the family participation haggadah by noam zion and david dishon


a secular seder: the haggadah  for cultural jews, their families and friends by herbert j. levine


a complete traditional haggadah


recent commentsdov lerner on a secular seder: the haggadah  for cultural jews, their families and friends by herbert j. levinedavid malman on a secular seder: the haggadah  for cultural jews, their families and friends by herbert j. levinearchives

april 2020
march 2020
may 2019

categories

holidays

passover

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 


jewish freeware,
						
				proudly powered by wordpress.			












