



















fast & fluid - fast & fluid's tinting solutions enable the paint industry to live up to consumer expectations.














































englishen
deutschde










leading the way in innovation
when it comes to supplying professional paint tinting solutions across the globe, fast & fluid management and fluid management have been leading the way in innovation, reliability and service for more than 30 years. we offer a complete range of paint dispensers, mixers, shakers and software, all developed with your local market in mind and suitable for a wide range of applications. please select your region below and discover the best tinting solutions for your market.




            asia & australia            





            africa, europe, middle east            





            north & south america            











© 2020 fast & fluid. all rights reserved.




fluid management cookie noticefast & fluid management b.v. uses cookies to collect information about the use of our web sites. we use different cookies to operate our website, analyze the use of the website, improve the performance of our website and display suitable advertisement that might be relevant to you.

some of these cookies are provided by third parties. you are free to decide which categories you would like to permit and can withdraw this consent at any time (find out how on our cookie notice page). you can either accept all cookies, reject all but the necessary cookies or click the “cookie settings” button to decide which cookie categories you would like to enable or disable.

further information can be found in our cookie noticeaccept allreject all but necessary cookiesadvanced settingsfluid management cookie notice




close






privacy overview

this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                        necessary 
                    


 necessary 


                        always enabled                    



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






                        performance 
                    


performance-cookie




these cookies help web site owners to understand how their visitors engage with their properties. the performance cookies used on our site collect information and report site usage statistics without personally identifiying individual visitors.
they allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our web site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. all information these cookies collect is aggregated by third-party providers or immediately by us. if you block these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our website, and will not be able to remember your preferences when you make subsequent visits.






                        advertisement 
                    


advertisement-cookies




these cookies may be set through our web site by third parties, such as google. they may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. they do not directly store your personal details but do uniquely identify your browser and internet device. if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.






save & accept
















