








amelah's blog | a blog on judaism, israel, jews, life and politics.
































amelah's blog
a blog on judaism, israel, jews, life and politics.



menu
skip to content
help4freeaboutcontact


search for:



 








the stories we tell ourselves


april 2, 2014judaismblogexodus, challenges, passover, storiesamelah 


we tell many stories throughout the jewish holiday cycle. narratives of our ancestors’ journeys, their accomplishments, and their challenges; historical victories and  devastations – these and more are retold. 
living and telling our story is a central component of passover. we gather with family, friends, and community for a meal in which we tell (and eat) our meta-story of redemption. we add personal and family stories to the printed haggadah (the seder book itself is called a “telling”) and thus we add meaning and layers.  (remember the year that we opened the door for elijah and a stray animal came in the house? remember the year you were for allowed to drink wine instead of grape juice and how you felt? remember when…..) 
telling our stories – communal, familial, and personal – is powerful. the weight and impact may magnify for difficult stories. stories can push us to confront our weaknesses, to address pain, to acknowledge what we need to grieve. telling may challenge us. 
it is when telling challenges us that possibilities are especially potent. framing a painful family moment differently may bring new understanding. telling what others need to hear (but don’t want to hear) may bring relief. (thus is only possible if the environment is safe.) 
as we prepare our homes and hearts for passover, think about what stories you want to tell, which ones you need to tell, and which ones you need to hear.



view all 18 comments 





act – engage with yourself


august 8, 2013judaism, personalblogelulamelah 


today is the second day of elul. i’m inspired (as are many others) by the writing and teaching that imabima continues to do, including coordinating #blogelul once again this year.  i’m not quite sure how she has the time and energy to do this, for she is a full-time mom, full-time rabbi, full-time spouse, and (as she said) things are a “bit rough” in her world.
phyllis (imabima) provided the prompt of “act” for today’s #blogelul, and so i decided to finally act and return to posting on this blog.  since i have last posted much has changed in my personal life.  i’ve gotten married and given birth to a son.   i have remained active on twitter and facebook over the past few years, but left this blog quiet.
elul is a month for introspection, reflection, improvement, and preparation.  each of these elements requires us to take the time and have the courage to engage with ourselves, to look within, be honest, and do the hard work.  it is not easy to do this.  perhaps we can take courage from the opening and closing words of psalm 27, the psalm we recite daily during this month:
“adonai is my light and my salvation, whom shall i fear…” and “be strong and let your heart take courage.”
may each of us have the courage to act and fully engage in the introspection, reflection, improvement, and preparation which will help us be fully ready for the days of awe.



leave a comment 





the day after


november 7, 2012american politics, americanaamelah 


the election is over. whether we’re happy or unhappy sad with the results, let us do our part for an america that helps, honors, and respects everyone.



one comment so far 





the  mitzvah of voting


november 6, 2012american politics, americana, judaismdigiwrimo, patriotism, votingamelah 


on the way to work this morning, we voted.  to me, voting is a privilege, responsibility, and a mitzvah.  the act of voting connects us directly with our local, state and national society because we are participating.  we say to ourselves and our neighbors that whether we like our choices, we take part.
far too many people were unable to take part in the past.  women, minorities, and ex-cons are among the people whose voices have been silenced.  some are trying to silence voices this year, in 2012.  i believe that we owe it to our personal and communal ancestors to vote, because too many of them were unable to do so.  can you imagine a conversation with a great (or great great) grandmother and telling her “sorry, i don’t want to vote because of x, y, or z?” she herself may have been of voting age in the early 1900s, but she was not allowed to do so as a woman.
voting is a mitzvah, an obligation/commandment when we study the talmudic text “din d’ malchuta dina” (the law of the land is the law) found in tractate nedarim 28a.  this principle, found a number of times in rabbinic text, helps us know that jews must follow the local law in all cases except where doing so directly contradicts halachah (jewish law).  while voting is not required in america, it is an important part of participating in the law of the land.
i hope that voting fills you with pride and hope for the future.



one comment so far 





mourning during the three weeks


july 27, 2012judaism, personalgrief, three weeks, tisha b'avamelah 


we are about to finish the three week period of time when many jews remember the period of time between the breach of the walls of jerusalem and the destruction of the temple. some jews choose to follow mourning customs during the weeks, restricting entertainment, music, and celebrations.  (more information in a my jewish learning article.)
this year, for the first time, i have been a personal mourner during these weeks. mourning the sudden death of my mother-in-law has been a challenge.  this loss has been different and harder than any other i’ve experienced. as during previous losses, the rhythms, rituals and concepts of jewish mourning guide and comfort us.
i’ve felt a bit disconnected with the communal/historical mourning for our losses so many years ago (we mourn not only for the losses of the temples but many tragedies that befell the jewish people on and around tisha b’av – like the onset of the inquisition).  perhaps it is that our personal loss is too consuming right now to have a wider perspective.  perhaps it is because handling work, moving, grieving, the “work” that comes with a death, worrying about my husband, and the daily stuff of life is enough.  perhaps it is something else that i haven’t been able to identify yet.
have you had a similar experience where a personal loss has changed your connection to a communal commemoration or celebration?



view all 4 comments 





on munich & london


july 26, 2012israel, lifemunich, munichminute, olympics, terrorismamelah 


i’ve been thinking about the 11 israeli athletes and coaches who were murdered during the munich olympics 40 years ago.  they traveled to the games in the olympic spirit, to perform and coach at their best and instead they were brutally murdered in an act of terrorism.
i am disgusted and saddened that international olympic committee staunchly refuses to allow even one minute – 60 seconds – of silence to acknowledge the tragedy, to remember the lessons (hopefully) learned from it and to honor the lives lost.  one minute of a 3-hour opening ceremony is not a great sacrifice.  such minutes of silence have been done during opening ceremonies.
i encourage you to read an article in tablet magazine by scholar and professor deborah lipstat titled “jewish blood is cheap: the real reason the olympic committee refuses to commemorate the israeli athletes murdered in munich.”
a number of years ago, i had the honor of meeting daniel alon, israeli olympian and fencer.  a member of the ’72 israeli team, he was in an apartment in the athletes village that was not immediately overtaken by the terrorists.  he and a few others were able to escape from the hostage-takers and survive.  mr. alon spoke at miami university, sharing his story with students, faculty, staff and community members, telling of their horror, the loss of their teammates and friends, and the pain of the denial of the tragedy by the olympic officials.  (read more in the miami student report.)
i usually watch the olympics and cheer for the athletes.  i admire their dedication, perseverance and talent.  the olympic ideal of sport above politics has potential to make an impact on the world.  how sad it is that the olympic officials themselves have chosen politics over the olympic ideals.
because of the blatant disregard by the ioc for the spirit of the games, the dedication of the athletes and the importance of honoring all participants – – i will not watch these olympic games.
more info:
what happened in munich
– details of the events “munich massacre” (wikipedia)
– “what went wrong in munich” (tablet magazine)
remembering the athletes and coaches
– the fellowship
may the memories of those lost be an inspiration.



one comment so far 





from joy to sadness


july 3, 2012judaism, lifedeath, family, joy, saddnessamelah 


our family gathered for joy 3 weeks ago as my husband and i were married under the huppah.  now we gather again, this time to bury my mother-in-law.  she died suddenly and unexpectedly this weekend.
job’s words keep echoing through my mind, “the l0rd giveth and the l0rd taketh, blessed be the name of the l0rd.” the last time we saw ma (as i called her) we were beaming with joy, celebrating, dancing, laughing, planning for the future.  none of us imagined that was our last time seeing her.
thanks for keeping our family in your thoughts and prayers during these difficult days.



one comment so far 





happy 64th birthday israel!


april 26, 2012israelamelah 


today we celebrate the 64th anniversary of the formation of the modern state of israel.  may the year to come be filled with peace, innovation, inspiration, equality and freedom.  may all the peoples of the country continue to create, strive and achieve.  israel 21c has an inspiring list of some of israel’s recent accomplishments.



leave a comment 





moving music


january 3, 2012uncategorizedamelah 


i often listen to music as i work. a few days ago i learned a bit about a new album entitled sacred time: jewish music for cello and piano.  noah hoffeld (cellist) and lee feldman (pianist) have created a beautiful and moving album.  go to their website to listen to the pieces, download or order the cd.
 



one comment so far 





a bit of personal news


january 2, 2012personalamelah 


i’ve been quiet (too quiet) on the blog lately.  part of the reason is my exciting news – – i am engaged to be married!  i met a wonderful, incredible person about a year and a half ago.  we began as friends and started dated nine months ago.  now we are engaged and planning a summer wedding.  
i continued to be amazed at the wonderful and beautiful gift of falling in love.  i am a lucky lucky woman.



view all 6 comments 



posts navigation

← older posts







follow me on twittermy tweetsfeminist sites

blogher
feministing
where is your line?


israel

2jk intellect or insanity – hebrew
2jk.org: intellect or insanity – english
ameinu
ariel beery on middle east and morality
blogs of zion
collective thoughts of a ginrod
cousin lucy's spoon
daniel gordis
dutchblog israel
elms in the yard
esser agaroth
false dichotomies
for tiski – hebrew
forward
friar yid
gadi taub
gila's big adventure
good news from israel
hayad shemena'ana'at et haarisah (hebrew)
hayehudi hanoded (hebrew)
i dream, therefore i am
if i forget thee…
igoogled israel
in the land of milk and honey
interchapter
israel easy
israel matzav
israel palestine blogs
israel palestine forum
israel21c: focus beyond the conflict
israelisms
israelity: life beyond the conflict
israelli
israellycool
isramom
isreview
jerusalem revealed
jerusalem syndrome
jerusalem wanderings
jerusalemite
jillax
judenstadt
kishkushim
lawrence of cyberia
left in israel
life in israel
life in the land
life must go on in gaza and sderot
like i've got time for blogspot
lines writing lines
little miss graham
live from an israeli bunker
living in interesting times
lizrael update
loving, losing, living
menachem in israel
michael totten
moving on up…
my home in israel
my shrapnel
nimrod kamer
not another israel blog
ocean guy
oleh girl
on the contrary
on the face
one jerusalem
only in israel
our shiputzim
resident traveler
rishon rishon
sabbah's blog
sabra at heart
sarah smile
searching for a rainbow
shirat hasirena
smooth stone
something something
square peg view
stefanella's drive-thru
tablet magazine
tales of a tour guide
tchochkes
the big felafel
the israel forum for international humanitarian aid
the middle east memo
the muqata
the new blog of israel
the view from here
this is jon
this normal life
tikun olam
treppenwitz
west bank blog
what war zone???
yourish
zabaj


jewish texts (english)

babaganewz magazine
babylonian talmud
daf yomi
geneaologies of people in the tanach (ort)
hebrew typography
rambam's mishneh torah with parallel hebrew/english text (mechon mamre)
reference on people and places in the torah (ort)
seforim online
snunit's english home page
talmud bavli in english (2nd site)
tanakh – jps 1917 translation
the living torah
yu dafi yomi


jewish texts (hebrew)

daf yomi advancement forum
e-daf
four of the major sources of oral law in one site
hebrew typography
ketuvim
mishnah
mishnah pirkei avot
nevi'im
pirkei avot
rambam's mishneh torah with parallel hebrew/english text (mechon mamre)
seforim online
snunit's french home page
snunit's hebrew home page
talmud bavli
talmud yerushalmi
targum onqelos
tikkun korim
torah
yu dafi yomi


judaism

a hasid and a heretic
a wayfarer's journey
a whispering soul
abba sababa
ad loyada
babaganewz magazine
being a jew in c-u
ben chorin
bible belt balabusta
cal tzedek
calendar conversion (jewish calendar to secular calendar or vice-versa)
compushmooze
cousin lucy's spoon
divrei moshe
esser agaroth
evanston jew
failed messiah
forward
friar yid
frume sarah's world
geneaologies of people in the tanach (ort)
hazzan's tish
ima on (and off) the bima: real life jewish parenting and living
jacob da jew
jewish atheist
jewish education center of cleveland
jewish virtual library
jewish voice for peace
jewish voices
jspot
judaism 101
kashrut
kesher talk
keshet
kosher bachelor
kosher blog
kosher critic
kosher nexus
kosher traveler
kosher vegan lasagna
mah rabu
mexi jew
mo chasid
nextbook: a gateway to jewish literature, culture and ideas
on chanting
orthodox paradox
out of step jew
paleo judaica
parashah blog
presenttense blog
r.a.c. blog
rabbi jason's blog
rabbi scheinerman's site on judaism
rabjms
rachel and the city
religious action center
resources for rabbis dealing with addiction & recovery
ruth's megillah
shalom center / waskow's blog
shamash: the jewish network
simple jew
sitting on a fence
superraizy
tablet magazine
that black lesbian jew
the dry bones blog
the fly fishing rabbi
the living torah
tolerant nation
velveteen rabbi
welcome to the land of oz
what jews believe
yourish
yutopia
zakary sholem berger


lebanese blog

bloggingbeirut.com
dove's eye view
lebanese political journal
the beirut spring
the lebanese bloggers
ya libnan | live news from lebanon


life

abba sababa
ask shifra
being a jew in c-u
blogus erratus
blurry mind
chambana moms
dooce
dove's eye view
five years later
forward
hinda's blog
house of joy
i dream, therefore i am
katrina yellow: the mad bad and crazee life of me!
lifehacker, the productivity and software guide
loving, losing, living
neurotic iraqi wife
normblog
nowstalgia
nun bet
presenttense blog
psycho toddler
red letter day
sarah smile
sleepless in sudan
slightly mad
superman sam
supradeep narayana’s blog
talking points memo
the berry patch
this is jon
waiter rant
what-o
which surprised her
zakary sholem berger


muslim blogs

akhu ikhtu
hello lebanon, hello israel
hijabman
iraq the model
islamicate
muslims against sharia
nzinghas soapbox
otowi!
progressive muslim thoughts
smooth stone
the angry arab news service
the muscatis
the secret diary of adnan mole
um hakima
veiled for allah


palestinian blogs

israel palestine blogs
israel palestine forum
lawrence of cyberia
life must go on in gaza and sderot
mother from gaza
sabbah's blog
smooth stone
the land of sad oranges


peace/dialogue blogs

all nation's cafe
israel palestine blogs
israel palestine forum
jerusalem wanderings
jewish voice for peace
kishkushim
lawrence of cyberia
life must go on in gaza and sderot
on the face
sabbah's blog
shalom center / waskow's blog
smooth stone
tolerant nation
yalla journal


podcasts

compushmooze


politics

columbians for academic freedom
daniel gordis
forward
presenttense blog
sabbah's blog
shalom center / waskow's blog
smooth stone
tablet magazine
talking points memo


religion blogs (general)

father jake stops the world
religion & society


social justice (tzedek)

contemplative activist
forward
jspot
make poverty history
r.a.c. blog
religious action center
the israel forum for international humanitarian aid
the one campaign
tolerant nation
where is your line?


tech blogs

documentation
keep trying
lifehacker, the productivity and software guide
my blog log
smarterware
support forum
themes
wordpress blog
wordpress planet









pages in this website 
about
contact
help4free

categories
select category
american politics
americana
blogs
general tech stuff
history
israel
jewish blogs
jewish education resources
judaism
life
my work as a rabbi
personal
social justice/tezedek
uncategorized


archives 
select month
 april 2014 
 august 2013 
 november 2012 
 july 2012 
 april 2012 
 january 2012 
 november 2011 
 september 2011 
 august 2011 
 july 2011 
 march 2011 
 january 2011 
 december 2010 
 november 2010 
 october 2010 
 september 2010 
 august 2010 
 june 2010 
 may 2010 
 december 2009 
 november 2009 
 september 2009 
 july 2009 
 may 2009 
 march 2009 
 december 2008 
 november 2008 
 september 2008 
 august 2008 
 july 2008 
 june 2008 
 february 2008 
 november 2007 
 september 2007 
 june 2007 
 may 2007 
 january 2007 
 december 2006 
 november 2006 
 october 2006 
 september 2006 
 august 2006 
 july 2006 
 june 2006 
 may 2006 
 april 2006 
 march 2006 
 february 2006 
 january 2006 
 december 2005 
 november 2005 
 october 2005 
 september 2005 
 august 2005 
 july 2005 
 june 2005 
 may 2005 
 march 2005 
 february 2005 
 january 2005 
 december 2004 
 november 2004 
 october 2004 
 september 2004 
 august 2004 
 july 2004 
 june 2004 
 may 2004 
 april 2004 
 march 2004 
 february 2004 
 january 2004 
 december 2003 
 november 2003 
 october 2003 

haveil havalim  
what time is it in israel? jerusalem
 
meta 
log in
entries rss
comments rss
wordpress.org 
site meter 


sitemeter

 



					proudly powered by wordpress				
















