










safety pool covers | inground pool liners | loop-loc


































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


































menu





products


safety covers

super dense mesh
aqua-xtreme virtually solid mesh
ultra-loc iii
on ground
commercial covers
cover treatments
faqs



luxury liners

acqua blu
azura

bali
view all liner patterns
faqs



backyard accents

pool float covers
pool & beach towels
pillow covers
beach tote bags



baby-loc removable fencing

faqs


industrial tarps & covers



design your pool


mirage™ makes designing your pool fun!
pick a pool shape, luxury liner and safety pool cover. you can even share your creation through social media and email.





design your pool




safety


cover treatments

deck-loc
cable-loc
protect-a-gap
aqua-loc
logo-loc


safety videos







gallery

covers / before & after
liners
baby-loc
commercial covers
logo-loc






faqs

covers
liners
care & maintenance
baby-loc




view all faqs




blog


news & events
looking for the latest news on what's going on in and around loop-loc or our industry? you'll find it here. as a leading global manufacturer, we believe it's important to keep consumers and dealers "in the loop" about pool safety covers and fences, as well as luxury pool liners. take a look.





read our blog




testimonials


we replaced our 20-year-old loop-loc cover with a new super dense mesh loop-loc cover. the new cover fit perfectly, making installation a snap and it looks beautiful.
- eric & jan r.


for both safety and maintenance, joe says his loop-loc safety pool cover is "absolutely the best on the market".
- joe


read all testimonials







find a dealer
design your pool
warranty
buy parts
contact
dealer center


cart 0


 eng


french
german
italian
spanish
english










 










the elephant™ cover
you’ll probably never need a pool cover safe and strong enough to support the weight of “bubbles” the african elephant. but imagine how safe you’ll feel owning the only pool cover that’s proven it can.










pool safety covers

protect your family with the one safety mesh pool cover strong enough to support an elephant.












introducing: backyard accents

our elegant backyard accents were conceived to bring an extraordinary resort feel right to your backyard.
















luxury liners collection

a designer swimming pool liner can be the spectacular centerpiece of your backyard environment, transforming your pool into a true work of art.












baby-loc removable fencing

when it comes to keeping kids safe, there is no substitute for adult supervision. baby-loc removable fencing is an additional layer of protection to deter toddlers from gaining access to a pool.

























a track record of trust & safety

in 1978, bill donaton founded loop-loc with five employees. in 2000, bill’s daughter, leeann donaton took over as president & ceo, and today loop-loc boasts a 200,000 square foot headquarters in hauppauge, new york with 300 employees.
loop-loc also takes the lead in bringing the safety issue to the forefront for consumers. for years, the industry considered safety a negative to be avoided. but by bringing safety to the front and center of loop-loc advertising, the company showed that it could be a positive. the result was one of the most recognized advertising campaigns in the history of the pool and spa industry: “bubbles the elephant.”



made in the u.s.a#askfortheelephantsee our history










there’s only one loop-loc
there’s only one company known for manufacturing mesh safety pool covers strong and tough enough to support an elephant: the legendary loop-loc.





super dense mesh safety pool cover
blocks virtually all sunlight and lets rain & melting snow drain through easily. offering an unbreakable lock on your pool to protect your family, only loop-loc is available with the patented cable-loc™ & gapguard® child safety intrusion barriers.
available in green or designer black, gray, tan or blue to compliment your outdoor decor.







see super dense mesh covers





ultra-loc iii® solid pool safety cover
you no longer have to choose between the light weight of a mesh pool cover and the light-blocking benefits of a solid cover. the revolutionary ultra-loc iii gives you the best of both worlds.
for those who prefer the superior light-blocking properties of a solid safety pool cover, there’s ultra-loc iii from loop-loc.
available in green, designer blue, mocha, and grey






see ultra-loc solid covers





aqua-xtreme virtually solid mesh
imagine opening your pool in the spring and having it look almost as clean as the day you closed it. that’s what you can expect from aqua-xtreme “virtually solid” mesh safety covers by loop-loc. our ultimate light blocking fabric not only deters algae growth but drains lightning-quick.
available in steel gray, hunter green, sapphire navy, and mojave brown






see aqua-xtreme virtually solid covers




 






visualize your dream pool today
start planning the pool of your dreams. try our mirage® pool visualizer tool and customize your paver color, liner pattern, pool cover, and more!
design your pool







 





do you have loop-loc products in your backyard?

send us a high-res image for a chance to win a free loop-loc backyard accents pool & beach towel

get started now















consumers@looploc.com
390 motor parkwayhauppauge, ny 11788
made in the u.s.a.





products
design your pool
safety
gallery
contact
faqs
blog
testimonials
history
find a dealer









                © 2025 loop-loc | all rights reserved
            

privacy policy



 





   chat with us,      powered by livechat  


