







orenda fink jungian depth coaching

















































        skip to content
      











open menu
close menu

























about


the witch's daughter


contact



















0


















0








                    schedule a session
                  




















about


the witch's daughter


contact



















0


















0








                    schedule a session
                  






open menu
close menu






















about


the witch's daughter


contact





                schedule a session
              













































dream interpretation & shadow work narcissistic abuse recovery


































certified jungian depth coach with a specialization in dream interpretation and shadow work. musician. author of the witch’s daughter. narcissistic abuse survivor-turned-expert. 



hello! i'm orenda fink, a certified jungian depth coach specializing in shadow work and dream interpretation. for much of my life, music was my primary creative outlet. however, as i approached midlife, i felt a powerful call towards deep personal growth work. this journey led me to confront my own experiences as a childhood narcissistic abuse survivor, culminating in my book, "the witch's daughter." today, i combine my artistic sensibilities with my training as a jungian practitioner to offer one-on-one coaching. my approach is designed to help you:explore the depths of your psycheinterpret the wisdom hidden in your dreamsconfront and integrate your shadow aspectstake conscious control of your life's narrativewhether you're seeking to overcome past traumas, understand recurring patterns, or simply deepen your self-awareness, i'm here to guide you on your unique path of personal growth and empowerment by unlocking the power of your unconscious mind and helping you step into your fullest potential.




    schedule 
  


























the witch’s daughter 




    purchase
  



from her perch on a kitchen stool each night, orenda fink’s darkly charismatic mother spins family lore and tells tales of the supernatural powers she wields, insisting that both she and orenda are magic.  when her mother’s substance abuse and controlling behavior crescendo, orenda escapes to pursue a music career in birmingham, alabama, and then storied athens, georgia, forming bands little red rocket and azure ray. she orbits the family home, always drawn back by her mother’s dark powers and her own need to solve the mystery of whether that claim of magic—or any magic—is real, or merely an expression of mental illness. orenda’s journey takes her from churches in the american south—eager to exercise the demons out of her—to even more mysterious practitioners of country magic in the southeast and beyond. finally seeking refuge in california’s high desert, orenda works to knit together her divided worlds with the help of a jungian psychotherapist. she is stunned to learn that her mother fits many of the criteria associated with borderline personality disorder, including a sub-type identified by famed thought leader christine ann lawson, known as “the witch” — an aggressive, dominating figure who operates by fear-driven control, sometimes claiming to wield magic. told in spellbinding prose, this memoir of music, self-discovery, and compassion is for anyone who has had to conjure a safe place to call home.

















































































orenda fink’s memoir is un-put-downable—it is a lyrical, compassionate, and complicated telling of the impacts of mental health and antagonism on multiple generations of a family. she brings a realistic and compelling lens to the confusing terrain of guilt, duty, grief, attachment, shame, and love that family members must navigate in these circumstances. it will validate the experience of so many survivors of these family systems.– dr. ramani durvasula, new york times bestselling author of it’s not you: identifying and healing from narcissistic people, clinical psychologist, and professor emerita of psychology, california state university, los angeles






when you finish this book, you will turn around and give it to someone who needs it. this is a master text on surviving trauma as a child and an adult. i couldn’t put it down.– phoebe bridgers






there are few books that i reread, and the witch’s daughter will reserve a spot for me to absorb again. orenda fink’s book is an important document about the process of healing and individuating (becoming whole to ourselves) by stepping out of the family system. she takes you through the enmeshed insanity and helps you name the unnamable. she also outlines the heartbreaking magic that comes with going no contact as the final last resort that many childhood trauma survivors pay dearly to arrive at. it’s the story of becoming lovable in a family that refuses to tell us we are. this book will change you.– patrick teahan, childhood trauma therapist, youtuber






orenda fink's captivating memoir cascades with life and loss. part detailed description of a gnarled family tree, part rock n' roll tell-all, part exorcism of the many demons that her and us can recognize in ourselves but do not understand. i have been a longtime admirer of her art and have been fortunate enough to call her a friend for many years. still i had not known much of what is contained in this book. we have all touched some kind of madness. we have all cast our own sorry, desperate type of spells. this book is a testament to those things which make us scared and brave and magically human all at once.– conor oberst






a memoir of great generosity—to herself, to her mother, to all mothers, to her friends and fans, to everyone who reads it. you don’t have to know orenda or her music in order to recognize a version of your own life inside of her own. plus all the juicy music-scene gossip. i couldn’t put it down.– alexander payne






the past is never dead and not even past,’ the great southern novelist william faulkner wrote. in her evocative, elegant memoir, the great southern songwriter and performer orenda fink is like a descendant of one of his characters transported to our time, surviving terrible circumstances and finally thriving.– anne kreamer, author of going gray






every paragraph of the witch’s daughter shimmers with a hauntingly precise perspective, and the spirit of the book is a delight, a wonder, even as it addresses turmoil, sadness, heartbreak. this is a riveting book about defiance. as orenda seeks explanation for her mother's twisted magic and vindictive spells, she finds wisdom and serenity and music. the minute i finished the book, i wanted to start right over at the beginning.– timothy schaffert, author of the perfume thief, the titanic survivors book club





























































what is shadow work?



by working on a deeper level with the personal and collective unconscious you can:




















free yourself from past conditioning




















move toward wholeness and empowerment




















connect to your own divine wisdom through a deeper understanding of dreams 














schedule time with orenda



do you want to take control of your life? do you want to consciously create your future? the key to both lies in understanding yourself on a deeper level. my process, using jungian shadow work, dream interpretation and active imagination sheds light on unconscious patterns, fears and desires that control your life without your awareness. by making the unconscious conscious, you can free yourself from past conditioning and become the creator of your future. this process is what jung called individuation, a movement away from the ego and to the limitless potential of the true self. what if you can’t remember your dreams? no problem. we can do shadow work with conscious triggers and active imagination. many times, once you start the process, you will start remembering your dreams as the unconscious responds to your quest for wholeness. 



















faq








            who is carl jung?
          










carl jung was a swiss psychiatrist and psychoanalyst who founded the idea of analytical psychology. jung’s theory was that humans had a spiritual drive—a desire to know and return to their own spiritual nature. one of his primary contributions to psychology was the concept of individuation—the process of growing beyond the ego and seeing the true self. the journey to the self is facilitated in our sessions through dream interpretation, shadow work and active imagination. 








            why dreams? 
          










dreams are a bridge from the unconscious mind to the conscious mind. they provide a unique and unparalleled insight into your own psychic processes and always come in service to your health and wholeness. by understanding and uncovering the symbolic language in your dreams, you can receive direct messages from your higher self, which aids in your process of individuation. 








            do i need to remember my dreams to do shadow work?
          










no. you do not need to remember your dreams to do shadow work. instead, we will work with conscious triggers and active imagination. many times, simply starting shadow work will prompt dream recovery.








            how many sessions are recommended?
          










while you are welcome to book a single session, i highly recommend committing to weekly sessions for 3-6 months for real and lasting personal transformation. this allows time for discovery, intensive, personalized shadow work, dream interpretation, archetypal realignment, and actionable goals to see life-changing results.

























“after a few sessions with orenda, i couldn't help but find myself talking to anyone who would listen about the experience.”






“working with orenda has been life changing.”






“life has become richer and more interesting and dreams as well as my own anger have become guides to more deeply understand my experience on this planet. "






“my dreams became another tool for self discovery and interpersonal work."






“in the few short months i've been doing dream work and shadow work with orenda, i've gained a better understanding of my thoughts, my reactions, and my relationships.”






“highly recommended for those eager to embark on a supportive journey toward better self-knowledge and empowerment.” 






“i got to know myself better and began to dig into certain behaviors, reactions, and patterns in my life in order to make positive and healthy changes within myself and my relationships.”






























































music















azure ray















high up















orenda fink















o+s



“maudlin, but beautiful, expertly crafted pop songs.”















“orenda fink crafts distincly futuristic love songs.”















what does the queen of break up listen to when she’s heartbroken? taylor swift’s breakup playlist: featuring azure ray




























stay connected.










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *








thank you!




























































book and entertainment rights: yrgendell@yrgpartners.com book and music press: jill.siegel@simonandschuster.com and chloe@theoriel.cospeaking: orendafink@orendafinkcoaching.commusic/licensing: ryan@flowermoonrecords.com




    book a session
  


orenda fink, certified jungian depth coach
orenda@orendafinkcoaching.com
twentynine palms, ca
© orenda fink, 2023. all rights reserved










