


the ttablog®






















    
	the ttablog®

keeping tabs on the ttab®
by john l. welch



friday, february 14, 2025



	 ttablog test: are pizza parlors and baked goods related under section 2(d)?
    


the uspto refused to register the mark pizzeria sapienza, in standard character and logo form, for "restaurant and catering services; pizza parlor" [pizzeria disclaimed] on the ground of likelihood of confusion with the registered mark sapienza for "bakery products, namely, cream puffs, cannoli, eclairs and assorted pastries." keeping in mind that the office must show "something more than that similar or even identical marks are used for food products and for restaurant services," how do you think this came out? do bakeries sell pizza, you might ask? do pizza parlors sell cannoli? in re amore food group llc, serial nos. 97524502 and 975588431 (february 12, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge catherine dugan o'connor).

the board found it proper to give the generic term "pizzeria" less weight in considering applicant's mark, agreeing with examining attorney william verhosek that "purchasers would be more inclined to use sapienza when referring to the services as opposed to the generic term pizzeria that describes every pizza restaurant in america."
in logo mark, "the pizza design, while creating some degree of visual distinction, does not overwhelm, detract from or change the commercial impression of the literal elements."
as to the sound of the marks, the word “sapienza” "dictates the pronunciation of each mark and the modest [??? - ed.] difference in sound from addition of the generic word 'pizzeria' does not overcome the identical sound of the dominant word 'sapienza.'"
the board concluded that "applicant’s marks contain the entire registered mark sapienza. addition of the generic word 'pizzeria,' and design of a pizza and modest stylization to the words in the composite mark, does not meaningfully distinguish the marks."
turning to the second dupont factor, the examining attorney submitted website evidence of ten businesses offering pizza parlor services as well as pastries. he also made of record a number of third-party use-based registrations, owned by different parties, identifying goods and services that include one or more of applicant’s services and one or more of registrant’s goods. moreover:
there is a specific connection between applicant’s pizza parlor services and registrant’s cannoli because both are of italian origin, satisfying the “something more” requirement. [oh please, gimme a break! ed.].

as to channels of trade and classes of customers, the third party uses showed that the involved goods and services may be offered by the same businesses to the same customers: namely, "persons seeking restaurant or pizza parlor services and bakery goods such as cannoli or pastries." the channels of trade and consumers therefore overlap.
bakery goods are low cost items, and eating at a pizzeria is not expensive; the board therefore found that the goods and services are subject to impulse buying, increasing the risk of likelihood of confusion.” [even an impulsive customer like me can tell pizza from a cannoli -ed.]
finally, the lack of evidence of actual confusion was not probative because there was no evidence of meaningful opportunities for confusion to occur. 
  
for most of the 30 years of use, applicant’s predecessor operated a single pizzeria in albany, located in upstate new york, a different part of the state from registrant’s elmont location on long island. applicant opened a second pizzeria in 2018, but this was located in north carolina. there is no evidence that registrant has a presence in the upstate new york or north carolina markets."
and so, the board affirmed the refusal.
read comments and post your comment here.
ttablogger comment:  here's an example of the board's formulaic approach to section 2(d), with the deck stacked against the applicant. the cannoli = "something more" argument didn't grab me. how about you?
text copyright john l. welch 2025.




posted by john l. welch @ 2/14/2025  
      
         4 comments






thursday, february 13, 2025



	 rtc rich trappers club logo not confusable with rtc for clothing, says ttab
    


despite the overlap in goods and the presumed overlap in channels of trade and classes of consumers [which the board sometimes weighs "heavily" against the applicant], the board reversed a refusal to register the mark shown below for "clothing, namely, pants, shirts; footwear; headwear; all of the foregoing excluding apparel for collegiate institutes and not related to educational services and the promotion thereof” and for “on-line wholesale and retail store services featuring clothing; all of the foregoing excluding apparel for collegiate institutes and not related to educational services and the promotion thereof," finding confusion unlikely with the registered mark rtc for "hats; hooded sweat shirts; scarves; scrubs not for medical purposes; shirts; sweat pants; t-shirts." in re rich trappers club llc, serial no. 97774077 (february 11, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge elizabeth k. brock).

applicant feebly argued that registrant, renton technical college, is “a technical college that sells simple clothing bearing the name of its institution for students and faculty.” the board noted, however, that the cited registration contains no such restrictions, and the board must give “full sweep” to the identification of goods "regardless of a registrant’s actual business."
as we have explained in innumerable decisions, the board may not consider arguments “about how the parties’ actual goods, services, customers, trade channels, and conditions of sale are narrower or different from the goods and services identified in the applications and registrations.”
since there are no restrictions in the registration, applicant’s restriction of its own identification of goods "does not impose a meaningful limitation." see in re detroit ath. co., 903 f.3d 1297, 1308 (fed. cir. 2018) (“even if true [that registrant athletic club sells clothing only to members and in one store], this assertion is, once again, irrelevant.”).
as to applicant's class 25 goods, both the subject application and the cited registration include "shirts," and applicant's class 35 services are closely related to registrant's goods. see detroit ath. co., 903 f.3d at 1307 (finding clothing and sports apparel retail services related as “confusion is likely where one party engages in retail services that sell goods of the type produced by the other party”).
turning to the marks, the examining attorney maintained that the letters rtc are dominant in both marks. the board disagreed, and further disagreed that applicant’s mark is confusingly similar to the cited mark in appearance, sound, meaning, and commercial impression.
while the examining attorney correctly states that, in general, in a likelihood of confusion analysis, wording is given greater weight than a design element in a composite mark, in this case, for the reasons explained, we find that the bundle of money character [i had to look twice - ed.] is entitled to at least as much weight as the rtc wording, which in turn reflects the meaning rich trapper$ club. we do not find that the rtc element is dominant, as it merely reinforces the phrase rich trapper$ club and the character depiction of that phrase.
as to sound, "it is likely that consumers would refer to the mark as rich trapper$ club because it is so tied to the prominent design element, explains the rtc acronym, and captures the overall meaning of the mark; this is not true of the rtc acronym alone."

as to meaning and connotation, the board pooh-poohed the examining attorney’s assertion that it is “plausible” that purchasers will believe that rtc in the cited registration means rich trapper$ club. 
finally, as to overall commercial impression, "the three components of applicant’s mark—the bundle of money character, rtc, and rich trapper$ club—work in concert to create the overall commercial impression." the board concluded that applicant’s mark creates a commercial impression distinct from registrant’s rtc mark."
read comments and post your comment here.
ttablogger comment: i find this result rather surprising, but not necessarily wrong. it's surprising because the goods overlap, the service are related, and the proposed mark encompasses the cited mark in its entirety, and prominently so. usually that's a recipe for a board affirmance.
text copyright john l. welch 2025.



posted by john l. welch @ 2/13/2025  
      
         5 comments






wednesday, february 12, 2025



	 ttab upholds four section 2(c) refusals of anti-trump marks due to lack of consent
    


in the wake of last year's trump too small supreme court decision [ttablogged here], the board unsurprisingly affirmed section 2(c) refusals of the following marks, due to lack of consent from donald j. trump: make america great again dump trump! 2020 for clothing, the same mark for facial masks, dump trump and lock him up and indict the trump organization, both for blogs featuring information about donald trump. applicant matthew a. handal, who filed an amicus brief in the trump to small case, had asked for trump's consent, without success. in re matthew a. handal, serial nos. 88931066, 88936129, 90340590, 90340613 (february 10, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge christopher c. larkin).


applicant handal's argument that section 2(c) is unconstitutional was mooted when the supreme court's ruling in vidal v. elster came down. he conceded that donald trump is famous as a political figure and celebrity, and the board found that the word "trump" in the first three proposed marks refer to president donald trump, "a 'particular living individual' within the meaning of the names clause of section 2(c), triggering the need to obtain his written consent to register those marks." [trump was president when the applications were filed in 2020 - ed.].
as to the fourth mark, indict the trump organization, handal contended that "section 2(c) does not [apply] to corporations that have been named after individuals, or have individuals with [the] same name as owners or executives." the board noted that handal cited no authority for that proposition and the board found none.
the names clause in section 2(c) has been applied for more than 70 years to marks containing a name and other matter. *** we see no reason, based on the text of the names clause in section 2(c) or otherwise, why applicant’s proposed mark indict the trump organization, which includes a surname as part of the name of a juristic person, must be treated differently.
handal next claimed that the word trump in this proposed mark "refers to deceased persons, elizabeth christ trump and fred trump," not donald trump. the board pointed out, however, that this argument was belied by handal's own conduct and evidence. the recitation of services specifically refers to donald trump, and handal's request for written consent from donald trump was an admission "that the word trump in the proposed mark indict the trump organization is the name of the particular living individual donald trump."
in addition, handal submitted a wikipedia entry captioned "the trump organization," which entry states: "the trump organization is a group of about 500 business entities of which donald trump is the sole or principal owner."
and so, the board affirmed all four refusals.
read comments and post your comment here.
ttablogger comment:  wyha? wyhafc? [would you have asked for consent?]
text copyright john l. welch 2025.



posted by john l. welch @ 2/12/2025  
      
         1 comments






tuesday, february 11, 2025



	 ttab vacates dr. doctor section 2(d) affirmance: cited registration had been cancelled
    


in the ttablog test of february 7th, we included the board's affirmance of a section 2(d) refusal of the mark dr. doctor for fruit juice and energy shots, in view of the registered mark dr dr for "beverages, namely, carbonated and noncarbonated flavored sodas and drinking water." in re juiceland ip holdings, llc, serial no. 97830521 (february 5, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge wendy b. cohen). the board has vacated that decision because the cited registration had expired before the board rendered its decision [pdf here].

read comments and post your comment here.
text copyright john l. welch 2025.



posted by john l. welch @ 2/11/2025  
      
         0 comments









	 ttab denies "disorderly fashion" nonuse cancellation petition: it's hard to prove a negative
    


the board tossed out avalon apparel's petition for cancellation of brandon r. kilson's registration for the mark disorderly fashion (in standard characters, fashion disclaimed) for “clothing, namely, neck warmers; belts; bottoms as clothing; coats; headwear; hooded sweatshirts; jackets; shoes; tops as clothing." avalon claimed nonuse, abandonment, and fraud, but its proofs were, in a fashion, disorderly. kilson, appearing pro se, did not submit evidence or testimony, nor did he file a brief, but his rope-a-dope approach proved to be successful. avalon apparel, llc v. brandon r. kilson, cancellation no. 92080171 (january 30, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge martha b. allard).

more particularly, avalon claimed "(1) nonuse of the mark as of the filing date of the statement of use of the subject registration’s underlying application; (2) abandonment based on nonuse of the mark in commerce for a period of more than three consecutive years, without an intent to resume use; and (3) fraud."
nonuse: avalon focused on kilson's specimen of use, claiming that it failed to show technical trademark use, "but rather [is] what appears to be a business card and a sticker placed on a garment for the purposes of taking the photograph submitted to the uspto." the board was unimpressed:
while these possible defects in the specimens could ultimately lead to evidence to support petitioner’s nonuse claim, the problem is that, without more, such as deposition testimony establishing that [the] mark was not in use on the identified goods at the time the statement of use was filed, petitioner’s arguments seeking to discredit the specimens is not sufficient to establish nonuse.
abandonment: to prove the nonuse element of abandonment, avalon submitted the testimony of its own counsel on two topics: (1) kilson’s failure to respond to certain discovery requests, and (2) counsel's own investigation into kilson’s use of the mark.
avalon argued that "a reasonable inference to be drawn from kilson's failure to respond to interrogatories and production requests is that he has no evidence of use.” again, the board was unmoved: "for us to draw any conclusions about respondent’s failure to respond to petitioner’s document requests and interrogatories, petitioner must have filed a motion to compel their responses." [note: avalon did not serve requests for admission - ed.]
as to the investigation, avalon's counsel testified that he conducted searches of various state (pennsylvania) and local (philadelphia) records and found no reference to kilson or his business. avalon again argued that this lack of evidence "is sufficient to create a rebuttable presumption that respondent has abandoned its rights in the disorderly fashion mark." not good enough, said the board:
as an initial matter, these searches are insufficient to establish a prima facie showing of abandonment because there is no evidence that respondent is required to register his mark with any of these local or state agencies/entities whose databases petitioner searched.
moreover, each search was conducted on the same day, i.e., on or about march 13, 2024, and so they failed to show that kilson did not use his for the identified goods for a period of at least three consecutive years.
avalon's counsel also testified that kilson did not obtain a federal trade commission (ftc) registration number (“rn number”), and that "this is the type of database that may show historical filing information and, as a result, may show filings made over three years ago." the board, however, took judicial notice of the ftc's faq page, which states that an rn number is not required.
after consideration of all of petitioner’s evidence, we find that the evidence does not establish respondent’s nonuse of his mark for a three-year period or that respondent otherwise discontinued use of his mark with no intent to resume use.
fraud: since avalon failed to show that the statements made in kilson’s statement of use were false, let alone made with the intent to deceive the uspto, the claim of fraud failed.
read comments and post your comment here.
ttablogger comment:  absent admissions by the other side, you usually have to take testimony to prove nonuse and/or intent not to resume use.
text copyright john l. welch 2025.



posted by john l. welch @ 2/11/2025  
      
         2 comments






monday, february 10, 2025



	 eleven third-party uses of "cowbell" not enough to overcome cited cowbell cream ale  registration
    


the board upheld a section 2(d) refusal to register the mark shown immediately below, for "beer, ale, lager, stout, porter, craft beers, pale beer, flavored beers" [blythe and brewing co. disclaimed], finding confusion likely with the registered mark cowbell cream ale for "ales" [cream ale disclaimed]. since the goods overlap, the applicant blyth started out behind the 8-ball. moreover, both of the involved marks are dominated by the word cowbell. blyth tried to end-run the cited registration by citing eleven third-party uses of cowbell-containing marks, but the board wanted more cowbell. in re blyth cowbell brewing inc., serial no. 87411623 (february 7, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge martha b. allard).

given the disclaimers and the dominance of the word cowbell, the board found the marks to be "similar" overall, especially when one considers "(1) 'the fallibility of memory over a period of time;' and (2) that the 'average' purchaser 'normally retains a general rather than a specific impression of trademarks.'"
blyth maintained that the cited mark is entitled only to a narrow scope of protection, pointing to eleven third-party uses of cowbell-containing marks, including two for cream ales and nine for beers. examining attorney chioma oputa made no attempt to discredit this evidence but instead argued that the uses were too few in number to support blythe's argument.

the board found that the evidence consisting of 11 third-party uses "reflects a more modest amount of evidence than that found convincing" in jack wolfskinand juice generation, "wherein 'a considerable number of third parties’ use [of] similar marks was shown.'" the board then concluded that "at best the term cowbell is somewhat commercially weak."
thus, we consider the first, second and third dupont factors dispositive and even considering the slight commercial weakness of the cowbell term, it is not enough to outweigh the other factors.
read comments and post your comment here.
ttablogger comment:  in the recently blogged 12 cosmetics case, the board found 10 third-party registrations to be probative of the weakness of the term "twelve." but that was for conceptual weakness, not commercial weakness. see the difference? 
text copyright john l. welch 2025.



posted by john l. welch @ 2/10/2025  
      
         10 comments






friday, february 07, 2025



	 ttablog test: how did these three recent section 2(d) appeals turn out?
    


it's early, but so far in 2025 the board has reversed one out of five section 2(d) likelihood-of-confusion refusals on appeal. here are three recent decisions. how do you think they came out? [answer in first comment].

in re pt. modiva international, serial no. 79357814 (january 30, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge christoper c. larkin) [section 2(d) refusal of the mark deorex in the stylized form shown below, for "preparations for dyeing and tinting of hair, namely, hair dye, hair coloring and dyes; hair shampoo; personal deodorants; make-up kits comprised of cosmetics, lipsticks, beauty masks; cosmetics; skincare cosmetics; cosmetic creams; lipsticks; beauty masks; perfumes; perfume, eau de cologne and aftershaves; antiperspirant soap” in view of the registered mark deodorex for “dietary and nutritional supplements."]

in re am hospitality, llc, serial no. 97604912 (february 4, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge angela lykos). [section 2(d) refusal of the mark laughing buddha ramen  for "restaurant services" [ramen disclaimed],  in view of the registered mark laughing buddha comedy for “education services, namely, providing live and on-line workshops in the field of comedy; presentation of live comedy shows" [comedy disclaimed]].

in re juiceland ip holdings, llc, serial no. 97830521 (february 5, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge wendy b. cohen). [section 2(d) refusal of the mark dr. doctor "fruit juice; fruit juice beverages; vegetable-fruit juices; vegetable juice; non-alcoholic drinks, namely, energy shots" in view of the registered mark dr dr for "beverages, namely, carbonated and noncarbonated flavored sodas and drinking water."] [note: this decision was vacated on february 10, 2025 because the cited registration had expired before the board rendered its decision (pdf here)].

read comments and post your comment here.
ttablogger comment: how did you do?
text copyright john l. welch 2025.



posted by john l. welch @ 2/07/2025  
      
         7 comments






thursday, february 06, 2025



	 ttab finds mentchees generic for .... guess what?
    


the board sustained on opposition to registration of the proposed mark mentchees "for toy figures; modeled plastic toy figurines; molded toy figures," on the ground of genericness. alternatively, the board found mentchees to be merely descriptive of the goods and lacking in acquired distinctiveness. chazak kinder inc. v. mitzvah kinder, inc., opposition no. 91272685 (january 28, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge angela lykos)

the determination of the issue of genericness requires a two-step inquiry as set forth by the cafc in marvin ginn: "first, what is the genus of goods or services at issue? second, is the term sought to be registered ... understood by the relevant public primarily to refer to that genus of goods or services?"
the board found the genus to be the identification, "toy figures; modeled plastic toy figurines; molded toy figures," noting that this is "sufficiently broad to encompass the subgenus or narrower category of toy figures, modeled plastic toy figurines, and molded toy figures dressed in traditional jewish attire and/or coiffed with traditional jewish hairstyles." see, e.g., in re empire tech, dev. llc, 123 uspq2d 1544 (ttab 2017) (coffee flour held generic for a type of flour made from coffee cherry skins, pulp, and pectin).
the board next found the relevant public to be comprised of ordinary consumers who purchase toy figures, including those "seeking toy figurines dressed in traditional jewish attire and/or coiffed with traditional jewish hairstyles."
the question, then, was "whether the designation mentchees is understood by the relevant purchasing public as primarily referring to toy figures, modeled plastic toy figurines, molded toy figures dressed in traditional jewish attire and/or coiffed with traditional jewish hairstyles."
there were no english or yiddish dictionary definitions of mentchees, or its phonetic equivalent, in the record. however, third-party websites of retailers such as walmart, eichlers, judaica plaza, toys4you, judaica place and binyan blocks showed "use of the term 'mentchees,' or the phonetic equivalent thereof, as a designation for the subcategory of toy figures, modeled plastic toy figurines, molded toy figures dressed in traditional jewish attire and/or coiffed with traditional jewish hairstyles."
[t]he evidence shows that “mentchee” or its phonetic equivalent is now part of the u.s. english vernacular to denote a subtype of “toy figure; modeled plastic toy figurines; molded toy figure.” the fact that some of the usage is in the singular as opposed to the plural form of the word that applicant seeks to register is of no significance.
and so, the board concluded that the relevant consuming public "primarily views the proposed mark mentchees as a generic designation for 'toy figures; modeled plastic toy figurines; molded toy figures' which includes the subgenus of such items dressed in traditional jewish attire and/or coiffed with traditional jewish hairstyles."

for completeness, the board considered the alternative ground of mere descriptiveness and lack of secondary meaning. [the genericness issue was not raised in the pleadings but was tried by implied consent]. the board wasted no time in finding the term to be "highly descriptive" of the goods.
applicant submitted no section 2(f) evidence, but argued that section 2(f) "does not apply because its application was not filed under this basis." the board was unmoved. "as a legal matter, merely descriptive marks can only be registered on the principal register upon a showing of acquired distinctiveness."
the evidence discussed above showing third-party use of the term “mentchees” or its phonetic equivalent to refer to applicant’s goods satisfies opposer’s initial burden of showing that applicant has not made substantially exclusive use of its mark. the burden therefore shifts to applicant to come forward with evidence of acquired distinctiveness. because applicant submitted no evidence to support a finding of acquired distinctiveness, we are compelled to sustain opposer’s alternate claim that applicant’s mark is merely descriptive and lacks acquired distinctiveness.
read comments and post your comment here.
ttablogger comment suppose a term is generic within one small geographic area, say south boston. is that enough for a finding of genericness?
text copyright john l. welch 2025.



posted by john l. welch @ 2/06/2025  
      
         3 comments






wednesday, february 05, 2025



	 three recent inter partes proceedings: the bigger they are ....
    


here for your consideration are three recent board decisions in david v. goliath inter partes proceedings. david hung in there and won each time. are there any lessonse to be drawn? 

monster energy company v. country innovation & supply llc, opposition no. 91270179 (january 30, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge catherine dugan o'connor) [the board dismissed this section 2(d) opposition to registration of the mark beast hack (standard characters) and the two word-and-design marks shown below, for hats, clothing, baseball and softball training aids, and hand grips, in view of the mark unleash the beast! and several other beast-formative marks for apparel and accessories. the board found the term "beast" to be "both conceptually and commercially weak in the fields of apparel and sports/fitness" and the marks dissimilar in appearance, sound, connotation and commercial impression.]

monster energy company v. howard vernick and coulter ventures, llc d/b/a rogue fitness, cancellation no. 92072010 (january 30, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge cynthia c. lynch) [the board denied monster energy's petition for cancellation of a 2013 registration for the mark shown below, for "athletic training services; consulting services in the fields of fitness and exercise; personal fitness training services and consultancy; physical fitness training of individuals and groups; training services in the field of sport specific movement." monster claimed that the mark had been abandoned, but the board found that the mark "remained in bona fide use in the ordinary course of vernick’s trade during the alleged period of nonuse." moreover, the board noted that "even if vernick were deemed to have discontinued use during the alleged period of nonuse, we would find that he retained the requisite intent to resume use to avoid abandonment."]

audemars piguet holding s.a. v. tenegroup ltd, opposition no. 91244316 (january 31, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge wendy b. cohen) [the board dismissed this six-year-old opposition to registration of the mark oak and luna for jewelry and retail clothing store services. opposer audemars piquet claimed likelihood of confusion with its registered mark royal oak for watches and clocks, likelihood of dilution, and fraud. the board construed the fraud claim as one for nonuse with respect to some of applicant's goods and services, and granted that nonuse claim. as to the likelihood of confusion claim, the dissimilarity of the marks was dispositive. as for dilution, the board found that audemars failed to prove its mark famous even for its section 2(d) claim, and so it could not meet the more stringent test for fame vis-a-vis dilution.]
read comments and post your comment here.
ttablogger comment:  how many defendants have the wherewithal to withstand an attack by goliath? the poorest defendants may get pro bono assistance. but what about the smaller companies that can't qualify for such assistance?
text copyright john l. welch 2025.



posted by john l. welch @ 2/05/2025  
      
         2 comments






tuesday, february 04, 2025



	 porn star name gigi dior dilutes-by-blurring famous dior mark
    


the board sustained an opposition to registration of the mark gigi dior for “entertainment services, namely, personal appearances by a porn star; entertainment services, namely, providing a web site featuring non-downloadable adult-themed photographs and videos," finding that the proposed mark is likely to dilute by blurring the famous mark dior for clothing, jewelry and bags. the board declined to reach opposer's likelihood of confusion or dilution-by-tarnishment claims. this blog post will attempt to hit the highlights. christian dior couture, s.a. v. gramkey investments, modeling and consulting, opposition no. 91281244 (january 31, 2025) [not precedential] (opinion by judge elizabeth a. dunn).

the name gigi dior identifies adult entertainment actress stephanie hodge, the president and sole owner of applicant gramkey investments. 
opposer, in order to prove its dilution-by-blurring claim, was required to show that: (1) it owns a famous mark that is distinctive; (2) applicant is using a mark in commerce that allegedly dilutes opposer’s famous mark; (3) applicant’s use of its mark began after opposer’s became famous; and (4) applicant’s use of its mark is likely to cause dilution by blurring.
opposer substantial evidence established the fame of the dior mark. opposer owns several decades-old registrations for dior. it demonstrated "decades of consistently large numbers of dior goods sold each year and high revenues based on those sales. opposer documented "decades of promotional efforts through multiple outlets and featuring celebrities and high profile events" it has received media attention via articles describing its promotional relationships with celebrities. and opposer was "recently recognized for its brand strength by a third-party brand valuation study." the board concluded that "dior is a household name, and for the purposes of dilution, a famous mark."
applicant gramkey claimed that the word dior is widely used, including in the adult entertainment industry, but it provided "zero evidence tying the internet materials in the record to views by the public," and so the board viewed those uses al "minor." "in short, while applicant has collected many instances of webpages featuring the term 'dior,' applicant has failed to demonstrate the impact of any one of these uses on the public perception of opposer’s famous mark dior."
gramkey further contended that opposer failed to show that "the dior mark is widely recognized by the general consuming public rather than the narrow niche of wealthy couture consumers." the board was unmoved: "dior goods do not have to be purchased by the general public for the dior mark to be recognized by the general public. the duration, extent, and geographic reach of the advertising and publicity of opposer’s dior mark is exceptional, and has resulted in the dior mark remaining in the eye of the general public for decades."
the board then considered the similarity of the marks, i.e., whether applicant’s gigi dior mark "is sufficiently similar to opposer’s famous dior mark as to 'trigger consumers to conjure up' opposer’s mark." it found that "dior connotes opposer’s dior, and its founder, the fashion designer christian dior. while the prefatory term gigi makes the marks different, it does not change the connotation of dior or the strong similarity created by applicant adopting opposer’s famous mark in its entirety."
there was no evidence of actual association of the gigi dior with opposer. applicant admitted promoting gigi dior with adult-themed photographs and videos that depict one or more of the dior marks. [see picture above]. however, there was no evidence of the extent of such use, and so the board deemed this factor neutral. 
conclusion: "there is no question that dior is a famous mark, that dior goods are widely used and recognized by a large percentage of the united states population, and that opposer’s dior mark is distinctive. this was the case prior to applicant’s proven date of first use of its mark. this impairs the distinctiveness of opposer’s previously registered mark. in view thereof, we find dilution by blurring."
read comments and post your comment here.
ttablogger comment:  how about "versace dior?" dissimilar or double-dilution?
text copyright john l. welch 2025.



posted by john l. welch @ 2/04/2025  
      
         0 comments






monday, february 03, 2025



	 ttab posts february 2025 hearing schedule
    


the trademark trial and appeal board (tee-tee-ā-bee) has scheduled eleven (11) oral hearings for the month of february 2025. all will be held virtually, except for the february 25th hearing, which will be "conducted in a hybrid format, allowing for both in-person and virtual participation." the in-person portion will be held at the uspto's madison east building in alexandria, virginia. briefs and other papers for each case may be found at ttabvue via the links provided.

february 5, 2025 -  11 am [virtual]: kiss nail products, inc. v. thank nature llc, opposition no. 91257144 [opposition to registration of the mark ecokiss for "body butter; cosmetics; facial scrubs; facial washes; hair conditioner; hair shampoo; moisturizing creams; bar soap; cosmetic mud masks; facial moisturizers; all of the foregoing made with natural and/or environmentally friendly ingredients," on the ground of likelihood of confusion with the registered mark kiss and various kiss-formative marks, for cosmetics, skincare, and other beauty and personal care products].

february 11, 2025 - 11 am [virtual]: texas department of transportation v. el t mexican restaurants, inc., opposition no. 91264923 [section 2(d) opposition to registration of don't mess with tex-mex for restaurant services in view of the registered mark don't mess with texas for various goods and services (not including restaurant services), which mark has been licensed to restaurants].

february 12, 2025 - 2 pm [virtual]: mobilemoney, inc. v. reverse atm llc, opposition no. 91284555 [opposition to registration of reverse atm for "credit card and debit card services, namely, pre-paid purchase card services in the nature of processing electronic financial transactions by issuing and reloading stored value cards by converting money into pre-paid debit cards and gift card provided through individual kiosks" [atm disclaimed] on the ground that the proposed mark is generic or, alternatively, merely descriptive and lacking in acquired distinctiveness.]"

february 13, 2025 - 1 pm [virtual]: graham bonnet v. james richard waldo, opposition no. 91281101 [opposition to registration of the mark alcatrazz for "entertainment services, namely, live performances by a musical band; musical recordings; production of sound recording and music sound recordings" on the grounds of fraud and nonownership.]

february 19, 2025 - 11 am [virtual]: fuente marketing ltd. v. shenzhen woody vapes technology co., ltd., opposition no. 91282965 [section 2(d) opposition to drag x for, inter alia, cigarettes; lighters for smokers, in view of the registered mark x for cigars, cigar cutters, ashtrays, and lighters.]

february 20, 2025 - 11:30 am [virtual]: in re threatlocker, inc., serial no. 97156251 [section 2(e)(1) mere descriptiveness refusal (including lack of acquired distinctiveness) of ringfencing for, inter alia, "downloadable anti-piracy software; downloadable cloud-based software for controlling application access to data; downloadable computer software for authorising access to data bases; downloadable computer software for controlling and managing access server applications; computer hardware, namely, firewalls; downloadable computer software for the creation of firewalls, "
  
  
february 20, 2025 - 12 pm [virtual]: in re threatlocker, inc., serial no. 97214203 [section 2(e)(1) mere descriptiveness refusal  (including lack of acquired distinctiveness) of ringfencing for "software as a service (saas) services featuring software for cyber security, namely, software that, disables the access of user defined programs to other programs in a user device; software as a service (saas) services featuring software in the field of cyber security, namely, software that, disables the access of user defined programs to other programs in a user device"
february 20, 2025 - 1 pm [virtual]: in re saint george atelier llc, serial no. 98160447 [section 2(d) refusal of saint george atelier for "backpacks, book bags, sports bags, bum bags, wallets and handbags" in view of the registered mark st. george & design for "[c]lothing, namely, t-shirts, tank tops, sweatshirts, and sweatpants," and requirement that applicant disclaim atelier.]

february 20, 2025 - 1:30 pm [virtual]: in re saint george atelier llc, serial no. 98044168 [section 2(d) refusal of saint george atelier for "clothing, namely, shirts, pants, tee shirts, sweaters, sweatshirts, sweatpants, socks, shoes, sneakers, boots, sandals, jackets, coats, vests, hats and caps," and for "on-line retail services featuring clothing," in view of the registered mark st. george & design for "[c]lothing, namely, t-shirts, tank tops, sweatshirts, and sweatpants," and requirement that applicant disclaim atelier.]

february 25, 2025 - 10 am [virtual in part]: sawstop, llc v. felder kg, opposition no. 91255905 [section 2(d) opposition to pcs for "stationary woodworking systems comprising circular saws, band saws, table saws, panel saws, electric sanders, spindle motors, shapers, drilling machines, and safety devices attended thereto; stationary sliding table saw systems comprising band saws, table saws, panel saws, electric sanders, spindle motors, shapers, drilling machines, and safety devices attended thereto, all of the foregoing for use in woodworking and for cutting off finished plastics" in view of the identical mark for table saws and table saws with active injury mitigation technology.]february 27, 2025 - 11 am [virtual]: chris galati v. herer media & publishing, inc., oppositions nos. 91264518, 91264520, 91265414, and 91271537 [consolidated opposition to registration of the mark jack herer for pipes for smoking, t-shirts, and online and retail 
store services featuring a variety of consumer articles, on numerous grounds, including nonownership, fraud, likelihood of confusion, likelihood of dilution, mere descriptiveness, deceptive misdescriptiveness, and lack of bona fide intent].

read comments and post your comment here.

ttablog comment:  any predictions? 
text copyright john l. welch 2025.



posted by john l. welch @ 2/03/2025  
      
         1 comments

















  
john l. welch
wolf greenfield
 



ttablog search


e-mail subscription
    



hit counter:









last ten posts


ttablog test: are pizza parlors and baked goods re...
rtc rich trappers club logo not confusable with rt...
ttab upholds four section 2(c) refusals of anti-tr...
ttab vacates dr. doctor section 2(d) affirmance: c...
ttab denies "disorderly fashion" nonuse cancellati...
eleven third-party uses of "cowbell" not enough to...
ttablog test: how did these three recent section 2...
ttab finds mentchees generic for .... guess what?
three recent inter partes proceedings: the bigger ...
porn star name gigi dior dilutes-by-blurring famou...




precedential decisions

2024
2023
2022
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004



ttablog quarterly indices

january 2025 to date
october - december 2024
july - september 2024
april - june 2024
january - march 2024
october - december 2023
july - september 2023
april - june 2023
january - march 2023
october - december 2022
july - september 2022
april - june 2022
january - march 2022
october- december 2021
july - september 2021
april - june 2021
january - march 2021
october - december 2020
july - september 2020
april - june 2020
january - march 2020
october - december 2019
july - september 2019
april-june 2019
january-march 2019
october-december 2018
july-september 2018
april-june 2018
january-march 2018
october-december 2017
july-september 2017
april-june 2017
january-march 2017
october-december 2016
july-september 2016
april-june 2016
january-march 2016
october-december 2015
july-september 2015
april-june 2015
january-march 2015
october-december 2014
july-september 2014
april-june 2014
january-march 2014
october-december 2013
july-september 2013
april-june 2013
january-march 2013
october-december 2012
july-september 2012
april-june 2012
january-march 2012
october-december 2011
july-september 2011
april-june 2011
january-march 2011
october-december 2010
july-september 2010
april-june 2010
january-march 2010
october-december 2009
july-september 2009
april-june 2009
january-march 2009
october-december 2008
july-september 2008
april-june 2008
january-march 2008
october-december 2007
july-september 2007
april-june 2007
january-march 2007
october-december 2006
july-september 2006
april-june 2006
january-march 2006
october-december 2005
july-september 2005
april-june 2005
january-march 2005
november-december 2004


recommended ip blogs

the trademark blog
likelihood of confusion
property, intangible
43(b)log
internet cases
counterfeit chic
patently-o: patent law blog
toolpat
dear rich: nolo's patent, copyright & trademark blog
info/law
las vegas trademark attorney
seattle trademark lawyer
ipkat (europe)


ttab and tm links

ttab home page
ttab reading room
ttab judges roster
ttabvue
tbmp
tess
tsdr
tmep


jlw articles

decisions of the federal courts and the trademark trial and appeal board on registrability issues july 2023 to august 2024
the seventy-sixth year of administration of the lanham act of 1946 (2024)
decisions of the federal circuit and the trademark trial and appeal board on registrability issues - july 2022 to june 2023
the seventy-fifth year of administration of the lanham act of 1946 (2023)
the top ten ttab decisions of 2022.
the seventy-fourth year of administration of the lanham act of 1946 (2022)
the top ten ttab decisions of 2021
why your ttab judgment may fall flat in court (with martin b. schwimmer)
decisions of the federal circuit and the trademark trial and appeal board on registrability issues july 2020 to june 2021
where to appeal a ttab decision? the choice is complicated (with martin b. schwimmer)
the seventy-third year of administration of the lanham act of 1946 (2021)
decisions of the supreme court, the cafc, and the ttab on registrability issues: july 2019 – september 2020
the seventy-second year of administration of the lanham act of 1946 (2020)
us law inches towards protecting trademark reputation without use (with martin b. schwimmer)
the seventy-first year of administration of the lanham act of 1946 (2019)
the seventieth year of administration of the lanham act of 1946 (2018)
decisions of the trademark trial and appeal board and the federal circuit on registrability issues: july 2015 to april 2017
the sixty-ninth year of administration of the lanham act of 1946
not so fast on marathon monday: the baa, the ttab, and lanham act section 2(a) (with john carl zwisler)
the sixty-eighth year of administration of the lanham act of 1946
the top ten ttab decisions of 2015
the top ten ttab decisions of 2014-2015
the sixty-seventh year of administration of the lanham act of 1946
the top ten ttab decisions of 2014
decisions of the trademark trial and appeal board and the federal circuit on registrability issues june 2012 to march 2014
the sixty-sixth year of administration of the lanham act of 1946
the top ten ttab decisions of 2012-2013
2012-2013 decisions of the trademark trial and appeal board and the federal circuit on registrability issues
the sixty-fifth year of administration of the u.s. trademark (lanham) act of 1946
the top ten ttab decisions of 2011-2012
the sixty-fourth year of administration of the u.s. trademark (lanham) act of 1946
the top ten ttab decisions of 2011 [part ii]
the top ten ttab decisions of 2011 [part i]
the top ten ttab decisions in 2010-2011
the top ten ttab decisions of 2009-2010
fraud and the ttab: what hath bose wrought?
ttab developments: bose and beyond
the top ten ttab decisions of 2009®
the top ten ttab decisions of 2008® (part i)
the top ten ttab decisions of 2008® [part ii])
ttab year in review (2008)
unfriendly shores? recent developments in u.s. law may trouble foreign trademark owners (with ann lamport hammitte)
the top ten ttab decisions of 2007®
ttab 2007 update: rules, rulings, and repercussions (with ann lamport hammitte)
fraud for thought: can fraud be avoided by correcting a false statement prior to publication? (with ann lamport hammitte)
the ttab in 2006: the good, the bad, and the ugly
the top ten ttab decisions of 2006® [part 1 of 2]
the top ten ttab decisions of 2006® [part 2 of 2]
the ttab and foreign website evidence: quo vadis? (with ann lamport hammitte)
the top ten ttab decisions of 2005
the ten worst ttab decisions of 2005?
the top ten ttab decisions of 2004
the ttab in 2004: what was hot, what was not
six potential pitfalls in trademark prosecution
trade dress and the ttab
the top ten ttab decisions of 2003
the ttab in 2003 [part i]
the ttab in 2003 [part ii]
dilution at the ttab
ttab practice and the madrid rule changes (with ann lamport hammitte)
the top ten losing ttab arguments


ttablog archives



                           