




homepage of shaolin communications shopping cart, shaolincom.com
















 shaolincom.com
   the shopping cart of shaolin communications
bringing light online  since 1999™
      home   |   brochures   |   events   |   inspirations by zhen   |   links   |   music   |   product list   |    services 


homepage               of   shaolincom.com             shaolin communications 
 

  acoustic music    /   american zen    /   books    /   clothing & accessories   /   folk rock     /   flute    /   kung fu   /   buddha zhen    /   tai chi   /   zen buddhism 



shaolincom.com
    homepage
  headlines
book by buddha z
  4 noble truths explained - book 1 of 8
    full story...  
american zen
    end of the line album 
  full story... 
american zen
    level 4 website
    now at shaolincom.com
    
  full story... 
history of zen from a to z 
  full story... 
masonic kung fu novel 
  full story... 
3rd album of love by american zen released
  full story... 
sid's place novel by the hippy coyote
  full story...  
2nd album by america's first buddhist rock band, american zen 
  full story...
utah phase 1 = the poetry of level 1 + level 2 of american zen
  full story...
the american zen buddhist rock podcast - level 1 = done 
  full story...
8 sections   of   shaolincom.com
  full story...









newest release
                  of shaolin 
                  communications
masonic kung fu
                book 1

                novel of chinese kung fu and british freemasons in china 1937. 










                recent releases
              of shaolin communications


4 decades of love 
                  lyric book of love songs
                  by the hippy coyote 








 level 4 = 
                      kung fu cowboy part 1
14 songs & 4 poems 
 





 kung fu cowboy
                      original draft
handwritten poetry book
 




level 3 = 
                      i want you to love me
tujunga love affair 
 




sid's place 
novel by the hippy coyote 
 




level 2 = 
                      christ killer
                      by american zen 
17 songs + 5 poems 
 




utah phase 1 
                      by the hippy coyote
level 1 + 2 lyrics thc 
 




level 1 = 
                      peace of mind 
beginning of  nirvana 
 




autumn flavours 
                      by the hippy coyote
coyote's first poetry book







 
 
 
 










4 noble truths explained - book 1 of 8 

by buddha z 
first of 8 books to teach americans what buddhism is. 
the "4 noble truths" are the heart and foundation of all buddhism.  when siddhartha gautama sat under the bodhi tree he created the "4 noble truths" which made him the first buddhism of the original buddhism.  
more information >> 







dance songs of the homeless 

11 rock & roll songs  
recorded in coyote's truck. that's where he wrote the songs. that's where he practiced them, with applause from his neighbors. 
coyote plays all instruments: drums, bass, guitars, flutes, percussion, and vocals. (even the girl vocal in "honor and obey, cherish and protect" is coyote singing.) 
more information >> 




level 4 website of american zen
      now at shaolincom.com 
20 webpages of american zen's spiritual journeys of the kung fu cowboy.

this website was created for the release of the 4th album by american zen:
    level 4 = kung fu cowboy part 1: king solomon's temple.
this album tells the story of hiram abif and king solomon during the building of the original hebrew temple. coyote became a 3rd degree master mason during the recording of the album and transformed his own life story into a rock opera about hiram abif's murder, and king solomon's loss of a close friend. 
this level 4 website includes products offered elsewhere here in shaolincom.com but has a distinctive look that we decided to include within this website. 
the homepage of this level 4 website includes a download for the entire kung fu cowboy part 1 album and song buttons  for sampling and downloading the songs individually. 
more information >> 
 
history of zen from a to z 
 
including the meaning of life,
      creation of heaven, hell, 
    humans and earth...
by richard del connor
    "buddha zhen"
cowritten by saten (satan)  
here is the newest truth that will revolutionize traditional thinking as it exposes 4,000 years of spiritual coverups and human heresy, according to his "inside source."
  co-written by "saten?" (satan said he wanted a new spelling for his new image.) richard awoke to see and hear a group of angels gathered around god at their center, talking. 
unable to go back to sleep, "they wouldn't stop talking," richard wrote this unique view of history. saten explained that the letters of the alphabet were originally the sounds used to teach god's "pets" to talk. evidently, the angels taught the "c"-things to communicate -- without god's approval.
the story of adam and eve is revealed including: saten's tempting of eve in the garden of eden. other stories include, the tower of babel, and a new version of the creation of zen buddhism by bodhidharma -- with saten alongside.
christians will marvel at this new spiritual story, saten's version of the angels, "falling from heaven," as well as the many other biblical stories he communicated to author, richard del connor. "the great deceiver," or "king of lies," can be believed or disbelieved -- it's up to you. he says he was just following god's instructions.
more information >> 





masonic kung fu book 1 
a book about teenagers in china?
they spy on freemason secret rituals and create a kung fu form?
on june 9, 2009, coyote, a.k.a. "buddha zhen," discovered that the world famous kung fu form, "lian bu / ling po / lien bu," is encoded with secret symbols and handsigns of modern masonry.
coyote had become a 3rd degree master mason, february 2009. while practicing for his "3rd degree proficiency," he discovered that...
so richard del connor wrote a book based on true stories during the japanese invasion of japan in 1937 and 1938. death, murder, rape, buddhist head shaving ceremonies, freemason rituals, japanese invasion and a british freemason captured and tortured.
more information >> 




level 3 =
      i want you to love me
    
level 1 = survival and search for stability...
level 2 = religion in your life
level 3 = all religions in your life. all nationalities...no prejudice...
when you are capable of love, you are capable of rising to level 3 in zen buddhism.
when the original buddha, shakyamuni buddha, was enlightened under the bodhi tree, he became a "buddha." the word, "buddha," translates to, "enlightened person."
take a glimpse at what enlightenment is. get level 3 = i want you to love me, by american zen. 
produced by richard del connor for shaolin records. 
11 songs + 12 poems by the hippy coyote 






sid's place novel by the hippy coyote
if you survived the sixties as more than a "jock," or a "sosh," you'll enjoy all the flashbacks in this book about l.s.d. tripping and keg parties. the real woodstock generation stories. where did the hippies come from?
hang out with the real hippies of 1969. the last of the peaceniks. as the war on drugs became a civil war, as terrorists sought to disrupt the american war machine, and as people tried to think independently and sever themselves from the previous generation... 
      





2nd album by
        america's first buddhist rock band
    american zen
there are still some copies of the first release cds. 
      they have a special notice printed on the cds...







utah phase 1 = the poetry of level 1 + level 2 of american zen 
 
this poetic journal of the coyote's epic battle in the spiritual brineland of salt lake city, includes the lyric sheets used by american zen to learn/rehearse/and record the songs of their first two albums.
some of the poems included in utah phase 1 having not been recited or recorded, are presented for the first time ever in this collection of poems and lyrics written by the hippy coyote.
 










the american zen buddhist rock podcast - level 3 = done?
 it took 20 episodes to tell the story of level 1 = peace of mind.
it took even more than that, as coyote became the human guinea pig for www.actzen.com
this led to the transformation of the coyote into the hippy coyote, richard o'connor back to richard del connor, and master zhen to buddha zhen.
he also wrote a couple of books and learned some amazing insights about human nature as he sought to understand the foundations of personal motivation. 



check out the coyote grey matter at: 
coyoteradio.net  



 
8 website sections   of   shaolincom.com 


 
          american zen

           
           

america's first buddhist rock band 
follow the 8 level buddhist journey of american zen 
folk rock
          poetry
        zen buddhism 



          coyote mysticwear

           
           

turquoise necklaces by the coyote 
coyote's necklaces use leather, bone, and stone. no metal. 
turquoise necklaces 



          kung fu & tai chi
           
           

programs from tai chi youth
          + shaolin chi mantis 
private lessons, weapon classes, seminars, out in the park... 
shaolin kung fu
          tai chi yang style
          northern mantis 



          buddha zhen
           
           

kung fu music from buddha zhen 
meditation cds, kung fu fighting music, and qigong breathing... 
kung fu music 
          meditation music 
          tai chi dvds



          shaolin chi mantis

           
traditional buddhist gongfu 
northern shaolin kung fu. the ancient 10 shaolin + weapons. 
shaolin gongfu 
          praying mantis |
          yang taijiquan 



          shaolin communications 

           
parent company of other companies 
shaolin records... are all divisions of shaolin communications 
8 subdivisions 
          domain names 
          email solutions 
          web hosting 



          shaolin records 

           
where buddha rocks!™ 
folk rock of american zen + chinese music of buddha zhen. 
american zen
          the hippy coyote 
          buddha zhen 
          the rich 



          shaolin zen
           
           
do nothing for a reason™ 
founded by buddha zhen in 1984, a sect of chan buddhism. 
cybertemple
          mahayana chan 
          shaolin kung fu 
          zen buddhism 


 
any reproduction, publication, further distribution, 
      or public exhibition of materials provided at this site, 
      in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. 
      for permission to reprint portions of this site, graphics, poetry, music, or information; 
      please contact shaolin communications publisher: 
   

  









 

enlightenment
entertainment
exercise
	
    


section links enlightenment

clothing & accessories 
kung fu books 
kung fu program list 
seminars  by buddha zhen
tai chi program list 
tournaments of scm & tcy 
web lessons of scm 
weaponry of kung fu 






related link category
		
          


american zen level 4 
coyote mysticwear power 
kung fu / tai chi index 
buddha zhen books
student application form 
tai chi music 
zen bootcamps 





related shaolin websites 

shaolinchimantis.com
shaolinkids.com
shaolinzen.org
taichibeginner.com
taichikids.com
taichimagic.com
taichiyouth.org


 





   
         about us
   |  home
   |  privacy policy
   |  contact us
   |  © 2006-2014 shaolinmusic.com    all rights reserved.
hosted by shaolin communications  



