











outer banks vacations 2025 | rentals, activities & guides at outerbanks.com
















favorites





















 









toggle navigation


















rentals


hotels


dining


shopping


activities


events


obx life


homes


weddings


deals













outer banks vacation rental homes





outer banks fishing charters & fishing guide





outer banks 2025 vacation planning guide





2025 takeout and delivery guide


















  rental homes
  hotels
  restaurants
  shopping
  activities
  coastal life
  real estate
  weddings
  coupons
  events








vacation rentals
vacation rentals are the predominant accommodations available to vacationers. thousands of homes are available to rent on the outer banks.

vacation rental deals
save on your outer banks vacation. view our aggregated list of available discounted stays.











craving some fresh local fare? outer banks restaurants are serving tasty meals for takeout and delivery. check out our list of local restaurants offering excellent local food.













outer banks beaches guide


find your perfect beach, amenities, beach guidelines, and more. the outer banks is unique in that every beach community along the skinny chain of barrier islands is distinctive, with its own enticing atmosphere and long list of perks. from lifeguard stations in some of the most popular spots in town, to desolate shorelines where visitors won’t see another person for miles, it’s easy to pick a beach destination along the outer banks that perfectly suits a family’s vacationing style.









featured local businesses
we love to highlight some of the best and most interesting outer banks restaurants, shops, attractions and activities. read on to discover some of our favorites!











jockey's ridge state park


jockey's ridge state park is an unmistakable landmark for nags head vacationers and virtually everyone passing through along the main beach bypass, us 158. this park is marked by its towering sand dunes, which reach 80' - 100' feet tall and look more at home in a vast dessert than in a coastal beach town. these dues are barren, and made up of nothing but outer banks sand, providing an incredible playground for hang gliders, sand boarders, and anyone who doesn't mind a long hike and some incredible island-spanning views.













top 10 things to do in duck & corolla, nc


check out our picks for the top 10 things to do in the towns of duck and corolla! climb a lighthouse, relax on the beach, stroll through a park, dine on fresh fare, go boutique shopping, watch the sun set and more.











activities for kids


the outer banks is considered one of the best family vacation destinations on the east coast, and the wide-open natural setting of sand, surf and sun lends itself easily to fun activities for "kids" of all ages. while rival vacation destinations may have more diversions, bars, and beach boardwalks, it's easy for vacationing families to stay simply entertained on the outer banks, particularly the younger ones in the group.













outer banks beach guidelines


the outer banks has its fair share of attractions for vacationers, including the wright brothers memorial, 4 famous north carolina lighthouses, the nc aquarium, the lost colony, and enough shopping and dining to keep any family entertained for a week-long vacation. but the biggest attraction that draws seasoned outer banks vacationers back every year are the miles and miles of pristine beaches.











corolla wild horses


visitors to the 4wd accessible beaches just north of carova may experience a truly remarkable encounter with the area's oldest and most beloved residents, the wild colonial spanish mustangs. stranded on the outer banks for centuries, but still enjoying the laid-back beach lifestyle, these feral and wild creatures are tolerant of the visitors who visit their beaches for the warm sun, cool waves, and miles of space.













top outer banks attractions


it might seem tricky to fit in all the attractions, historical sites, and fun activities off the beach into an outer banks vacation, and still have plenty of time left over to just lounge on the sand. that said, there are a number of attractions up and down the north carolina coastline that any new visitor would be remiss to miss.











driving on the beach


one of the reasons so many vacationers flock to the outer banks is the thrill of driving on the beach, a rare privilege that few east coast beach vacation destinations can offer. on the outer banks, beach driving enthusiasts will find miles of shoreline to explore, from the uninhabited shoreline along ocracoke island to the solely 4wd accessible beaches of carova, north of corolla.













oceanfront vacation rentals


the prime reason why vacationers have been traveling to the outer banks for decades is the simple allure of the beach, and oceanfront vacation rentals provide visitors with a front row seat to all the atlantic action.











outer banks dolphin guide


like an unexpected gift, the sighting of dolphins along the outer banks delights and amuses many summer visitors. many people view these chance encounters as a treasured highlight to a relaxing vacation and will happily spend hours observing the dolphins' antics. what few people realize is that they are likely viewing the same group of dolphins, day after day and summer after summer. some bottlenose dolphins will spend their summers in the waters of the outer banks and then migrate south for the winter only to return again in the early summer the next year. this early migration has led some people to call them the "retirees of the sea."













hang gliding


flight takes many forms on the outer banks, from the thousands of migratory birds that travel along these barrier islands to and from their winter destinations, to aviation pioneers like the wright brothers who launched the world's first airplane off the sand dunes of kill devil hills. visitors can also experience the outer banks' inherent love of all things aerial by taking flight themselves with a day of hang gliding.











ghost crabs and ghost crabbing


interested in the local outer banks nightlife? head to the beach. one of the most popular after-dark activities on the obx beaches is ghost crab hunting, and all a prospective obx hunter needs to participate is a flashlight and a love of the great outdoors.













outer banks pets guide


most vacationers consider their pet to be a part of their family, and as a result, thousands of outer banks visitors bring their furry family members in tow year after year. while planning a vacation that includes everyone in the family, including a beloved dog or other pet, can initially seem a little daunting, on the outer banks, it's actually an easy affair.








currituck national wildlife refuge


it's easy to see why vacationers fall in love with carova. located almost literally off the outer banks map, while other towns along the barrier islands of north carolina grew and developed over the decades and became popular east coast tourism destinations, carova never really changed.

corolla
252-429-3100
map it











outer banks milepost system


many newcomers to the outer banks who are browsing the local restaurants, shops and area attractions online or in the local guide books notice an interesting addition to the standard address. besides the typical business name, street name, street number and town, many local businesses also include a milepost number. this may initially appear to be an odd notation to include, but on the outer banks, this is incredibly helpful to new visitors on the lookout for a specific restaurant or shop.








surf fishing guide


when it comes to surf fishing, it’s hard to beat the coastline of north carolina. well known for hundreds of miles of beaches where record-breaking catches are landed on a regular basis, the north carolina shoreline is arguably one of the top destinations for surf fishermen from all across the country. so if you are new to the n.c. coastline, or just want to brush up on your surf fishing insight, take a closer look at everything you need to know about casting from the coast, and get ready for plenty of opportunities to reel in the catch of a lifetime.













northern beaches

1. carova
2. corolla
3. duck
4. southern shores
5. kitty hawk
6. kill devil hills
7. nags head

roanoke island

8. manteo
9. wanchese

hatteras island

10. rodanthe
11. waves
12. salvo
13. avon
14. buxton
15. frisco
16. hatteras

ocracoke island

17. ocracoke




outer banks map








surfing on the outer banks


forget hawaii and california - on the east coast, the best place for surf is on the outer banks, and this region is renowned as one of the best surfing destinations from new york to florida. surfers from all over the country and the world flock to the outer banks for the annual esa tournament, or just after a storm swell, to paddle out to the atlantic and enjoy some of the best waves on the coast.







outer banks visitors guide








blackbeard and other pirates


the southern outer banks, particularly ocracoke island, is notorious as the stomping grounds for some of history's most infamous pirates. notable swashbucklers from calico jack to anne bonney and mary reed, arguably the most famous women pirates, have made a splash in this area, robbing privateers blind and making intricate, sneaky escapes in the inlets and soundside waters off of these barrier islands.






free e-mail newsletter




join














$2. off everyone in  party for open jump ticket


 must present coupon to redeem. cannot be combined with any other offers. 


web coupon 6p5c-hggr-pnjm printed from




print







outer banks real estate


after a few days of sunny beach afternoons, fantastic local attractions, and all the amenities that attract people to the outer banks, many visitors find themselves daydreaming about a more permanent vacation. whether your ultimate goal is to own an investment property, a retirement or vacation home, or simply a year-round home on the beach, the outer banks is filled with incredible opportunities and a variety of properties for sale.








jurassic putt



website
$ coupons

when it's hot, our water misters will cool you off so you will enjoy playing! mini-golf can be enjoyed here under the shadow of t-rex and raptor dinosaurs, depending on which side you choose to play on. either one has what it takes: 18 hole courses, tropical landscape touches and a playful approach to putt-putt. one sign declares the “law of the land,” which includes a warning not to ride, feed or beat the animals. the animals, of course, are oversized sculptures of cartoonish fierce-looking dinosaurs, who guard waterfalls and peek out from ponds and canals. golfers are also guided to their chosen course by different colored footprints for each monster --- red for t-rex, yellow for raptor. the courses are par 2, easy enough for kids, but still fun enough for the older folks. the view of manteo and the roanoke sound from the course is a bonus. 

nags head
252-441-6841
map it









pizzazz pizza company



website
menu

pizzazz pizza now has four convenient outer banks locations in grandy, corolla, duck & nags head. made with only the freshest ingredients and finest meat toppings! dine in, carry out or delivery (from corolla to south nags head; from powell's point to aydlett).

nags head
252-261-1111
map it




duck
252-261-1111
map it




corolla
252-261-1111
map it




grandy
252-453-2800
map it



(more locations)








the lost colony



website

an experience not to be missed! the 2024 season of the lost colony offers a refreshed production of paul green's original symphonic drama. set on the soundfront on roanoke island, enjoy this 87 year-old musical under the stars. become immersed in the story of the discovery of a new world with newly enhanced musical and theatrical direction and dynamically stunning choreography. witness the pageantry of queen elizabeth i and her court and celebrate the birth of virginia dare, the first english child born in america all while preserving the historical importance of america's oldest mystery. an outer banks experience not to be missed!

manteo
252-473-6000
map it









planning your outer banks vacation
the outer banks is a 100-mile long chain of barrier islands off the coast of north carolina known for its wide sandy beaches, lighthouses, and historical landmarks. our islands are a popular vacation destination, with a range of activities available including swimming, surfing, fishing, and birdwatching. the outer banks are also home to the wright brothers national memorial, commemorating the first successful powered airplane flight. the region has a humid subtropical climate, with hot summers and mild winters.
where to stay
unlike many beach destinations, lodging options on the outer banks are dominated by vacation rental homes.part of the charm of the outer banks is the unique experience each town offers. you can view our overview of each town on our outer banks vacation planning guide. virtually every town offers waterfront rental homes and a great assortment of activities & attractions.
vacation rentals - we have a list of the best vacation rental companies here. there are several thousand vacation rental homes in the outer banks. in fact, vacation rental homes are the most popular accommodation. we have indexed thousands of rental homes that you can't find on any of the national search sites.
hotels - the outer banks also has several hotels (many oceanfront) from corolla to ocracoke. check out our list here.
campgrounds - camping opportunities exist on hatteras island in the tri-villages, frisco, and buxton, and on ocracoke island.
when to go
summer is the outer banks'' most popular season, but there are great reasons to visit all year.

spring - april brings a warmer average 69 degree temperatures. seasonal shops, restaurants and activity companies begin opening. vacation rental homes are still a bargain, with lower rates until late may. the ocean remains brisk at around 60 degrees. bird watching and fishing are popular activities in the early spring.
summer - high season - the most popular time of year. book your accommodations early! as school lets out, families fill the outer banks for summer vacation. most vacation rental homes rent weekly and turn over on weekends. all restaurants, shops and activities are running full schedules, and the area is abuzz with activity. the #1 outer banks attraction is the beach, but it isn't densely crowded like hotel-heavy resort areas. average high temperatures hover in the mid to high 80's. the ocean is refreshing, but not cold in the upper 70's.
fall - september and october are fantastic in the outer banks. most shops and restaurants are open. temperatures hover in the mid 70's. vacation rental homes and hotel pricing drops. nothing is crowded. this is a popular time for wind surfers and kiteboarders, as well as nature enthusiasts and visitors seeking a relaxing retreat.
winter - winter is perfect for those wanting relaxation, seclusion and quiet. core amenities like grocery stores remain open. the central towns of kitty hawk, kill devil hills and nags head offer the best opportunities for dining, shopping and entertainment. carova, corolla, duck, hatteras and ocracoke islands offer the most solitude. hotel and rental home rates are generally the least expensive. expect high temperatures in the mid 50's.
favorite outer banks activities
the outer banks offers activities for everyone. here is a brief list of some of our favorites.
the beach - the beach is the #1 attraction for outer banks visitors. check out our beaches guide, driving on the beach guide, and beach regulations guide.
events - the outer banks is home to several music festivals, running events, water sports competitions, fishing tournaments, foodie festivals and parades. check out our events calendar.
amusements - spend the day at a water park. try a great miniature golf course. play video games and sports. try a rope course. go karting.
educational activities - learn to surf, wind surf, kiteboard, sail, paddleboard, kayak or ride a horse. take a tour to see the wild spanish mustangs of carova. see dolphins in their natural habitat. visit the nc aquarium to learn about local aquatic life.
tours - have a local expert show you around. see wild horses or dolphins. kayak to a wildlife refuge. ride a horse along the beach. parasail above the currituck sound. try a deep sea fishing charter.
parks - climb a lighthouse, visit the outer banks center for wildlife education and see the sunset at historic corolla park. spend an afternoon climbing dunes or hang gliding at jockey's ridge state park in nags head. tour the beautiful elizabethan gardens in manteo. visit the grounds of the wright brother's national memorial. walk along the currituck sound on the famous duck town park boardwalk.
fishing piers - take a walk out over the ocean from one of the outer banks fishing piers. try your luck with some pier fishing.
lighthouses - climb one of the outer banks' famous lighthouses. currituck beach lighthouse, bodie island lighthouse and cape hatteras lighthouse all offer seasonal self-guided climbing tours.
spend time in nature - we recommend the elizabeth gardens, jockey's ridge state park, pea island wildlife refuge, and the boardwalk at the currituck banks coastal estuarine reserve in corolla.
learn the local history - great spots include the wright brother's national memorial, outer banks history center, roanoke island festival park, fort raleigh, chicamacomico lifesaving station, frisco native american museum, one of the local lighthouses, the club at whalehead and the graveyard of the atlantic museum in hatteras village.
shop - the outer banks is home to hundreds of charming, boutique shops. find that special item you can't find anywhere else. highlights include timbuck ii in corolla, the waterfront shops in duck, and outlets nags head.
eat fresh and local - many outer banks seafood restaurants serve today's local catch. it doesn't get any fresher. and don't miss out on our local nc produce. or, have it delivered to your rental home. you're sure to have an unforgettable meal.
what to bring
for your rental home - some rental homes include linens. others do not. check to see whether you'll need to bring your own bedding and towels. as for general supplies, we recommend packing (or buying locally upon arrival) soap, toilet paper, paper towels, food, snacks and condiments to get started. we also recommend a laptop or tablet so you can keep coming back to outerbanks.com for more great ideas.
for the beach - check out our list of favorite beach umbrellas, carts and favorite beach games. if you are going to drive on the beaches, check out our 4x4 driving on the beach guide.
for everybody - don't forget to pack sunscreen, sunglasses, a camera and your sense of adventure! also, don't forget to check out our coupons page. print or bookmark several offers and save money during your visit.
don't bring it.. rent it! - multiple equipment rental companies offer everything from bicycles, kayaks, carts, strollers, umbrellas, beach chairs, golf carts, grills, surf boards, body boards, paddleboards, linens, towels, and more!
outer banks on netflix
are you looking for filming location information on the popular outer banks series by netflix? although outer banks is set in a coastal outer banks town, it isn't filmed on the outer banks. most of netflix's filming locations for the series are in the shem creek and mount pleasant areas of south carolina, adjacent to charleston.
outer banks : wicked tuna
in the waters off the coast of north carolina lies a world of adventure and competition brought vividly to life by the tv series "wicked tuna: outer banks." this captivating show, an offshoot of national geographic's highly successful "wicked tuna," takes viewers into the heart of north carolina's offshore fishing industry where skilled fishermen compete for the ocean's most prized giant bluefin tuna.
"wicked tuna outer banks" is a gripping narrative of man versus man & nature. the series showcases the challenges faced by fishermen as they navigate the often treacherous waters of the atlantic. this isn't just fishing; it's a battle of endurance, skill, and strategy, and experience against fellow fishermen and the raw power of the sea.
the show features a diverse fleet, each with its unique character and crew, ranging from seasoned veterans to eager young newcomers. the captains, with their deep-seated knowledge of the ocean and its inhabitants, become the central personalities. they guide their crews through highs and lows, storms and calms, all in pursuit of bluefin tuna.
read more about wicked tuna: outer banks here.
outerbanks.com - your official outer banks vacation resource
outerbanks.com is the official website of the outer banks visitors guide magazine. we're excited to share the best of the outer banks with your family!






select a city 



vacation planning guide


outer banks vacation rentals


outer banks jobs


outer banks hotels


carova


corolla


duck


southern shores


kitty hawk


kill devil hills


nags head


manteo


hatteras









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025














