




  
























































math-a-thon - st. jude children’s research hospital




skip to main content



st. jude children's research hospital - homepage







search









contact us
español


patient referrals
donate now










menu
close







patient referrals
donate now


about us



care & treatment



research



training



get involved



ways to give




contact us
español












home





get involved with st. jude





fundraise at school




st. jude math-a-thon












st. jude math-a-thon



help students refine their academic skills while teaching them that they have the power to help others.






teachers:




register your school




 







parents and students:




find your school




 





     




already signed up? log in to your fundraising center.


 












st. jude patient yara




 





     









have fun and earn prizes with the st. jude math-a-thon, a fundraiser that improves students' math skills and teaches the importance of helping others.




host a math-a-thon



view frequently asked questions




 





     















                            teachers

                        
become a coordinator, and we'll provide everything you need, including the st. jude math-a-thon funbook, to help your students have a fun and successful fundraiser.

                            register your school

                        







 















                            parents and students

                        
complete math activities in your funbook, and share your fundraising page to earn great prizes while helping the kids of st. jude.

                            find your school

                        







 















                            sponsor a student

                        
find a special place on the st. jude campus to show your support for patients, families and our lifesaving mission.

                            support a student

                        







 





     







do more with math



looking for a fun way to engage your students while helping others? st. jude at school provides many fun and easy ways to fundraise for st. jude children research hospital® and engage your classroom with learning about empathy and helping others like those at st. jude.




view fundraising ideas



view math-a-thon resources




 





     







making an impact with the st. jude math-a-thon



as an educator, you have a unique power to help students discover the difference they can make. bring the st. jude math-a-thon to your school, and experience an educational fundraiser that helps teach your students empathy while refining their academic skills.


 





     























register icon





1. register easily online



start by registering your school online. you'll receive an email with tips on how to get started, and more resources to share with your students in class.


 

		     
			
		









register icon





2. do the math



use the st. jude math-a-thon funbook — created to integrate seamlessly into your existing curriculum — to guide your students through educational and fun math problems.


 

		     
			
		









register icon





3. kids help kids



encourage your class to fundraise for the kids of st. jude. students and parents will create their online fundraising page to collect donations from family and friends.


 





     












st. jude patient yara




 







st. jude patient yara's story



yara was hospitalized with rsv and pneumonia in the fall of 2022 and could not get better, which led doctors to request more tests.
yara, who was 3 years old at the time, was later referred to st. jude children’s research hospital®. tests revealed that the little girl had samd9/samd9l syndrome, a rare disease caused by gene mutations. the bone marrow in patients with the syndrome cannot make enough blood stem cells.
sometimes, the condition gets better on its own. other times, it can develop into leukemia.
read more of yara's story>


 





     







you're never too small to make a big impact*



the work st. jude is doing today is only possible because of donors like you and your family. you help st. jude focus on what matters most – saving kids. 



i'd rather have a million people give me a dollar than one give me a million. that way you've got a million people involved.
st. jude founder danny thomas




donate on behalf of a 
st. jude math-a-thon student





*when you make a donation using this information, your donation will be used to provide breakthrough research, treatment and cures. items listed here are representative of services and supplies that are part of the treatment and care of children at st. jude. the cost of each item or service is an approximation and will vary based on actual costs incurred and individual patient needs. your donation will be used for the general operating needs of st. jude, where no family ever receives a bill for treatment, travel, housing or food.


 

		     
			
		

















 







$25



could help provide 29 elastic bandages for st. jude patients.


 





     














 







$50



could help provide meals for two days for a st. jude parent or family member in kay kafe, the st. jude cafeteria.


 





     














 







$100



could help provide 1 red wagon for st. jude patients.


 





     












food icon




 







$500



could help provide 66 no more chemo/radiation parties


 





     



 





     







frequently asked questions   


 







event leads







                                    
                                        is it ok to adjust the dates, if necessary, on the 
st. jude math-a-thon fundraiser?

                                    
                                



                                    
                                        how do i register to host a 
st. jude math-a-thon event?

                                    
                                



                                    
                                        i have not received my 
st. jude math-a-thon kit. what should i do?

                                    
                                



                                    
                                        can an event lead see the breakdown of the online as well as cash donations to see how much money has been raised?

                                    
                                



                                    
                                        to determine prizes, how does an event lead see the breakdown of funds raised by each individual participant within my 
st. jude math-a-thon event?

                                    
                                



                                    
                                        as an event lead, how do i log a cash donation to a participant’s page?

                                    
                                








yes, please call (800) 386-2665 and an agent will help change your date. please allow two weeks lead time for your fundraising kit to ship if the event date is moved to an earlier time. if your event day is sooner than the two-week period, make sure to mention this to the call center agent so they can expedite shipping.






click the "register your school" button at the top of this page. complete the form and you will automatically become the event lead. after registering, check your email inbox for further instructions on how to get started or call (800) 386-2665 to contact a st. jude agent that can help you register and answer any questions.






please reach out to (800) 386-2665 to contact a st. jude agent that will ship your st. jude math-a-thon kit. the standard lead time for shipping is two weeks before your event date.






yes. within the event fundraising page, you can access the dashboard and the event lead can download a report that will display the online and cash fundraised amounts.






within the online participant center, the event lead can download a report that will display the individual totals for each participant. 






we do not recommend sending cash through the mail. we do recommend converting the pool of cash donations to a check or money order for ease of accounting. within the online participant center, the event lead can then use the mobile check deposit tool to log check or money-order donations.









 

		     
			
		







participants







                                    
                                        what if i do not want to receive prizes?

                                    
                                



                                    
                                        how do parents register their children for a math-a-thon event?

                                    
                                



                                    
                                        how can i redeem my math-a-thon prize(s)? where are my prize redemption certificates?

                                    
                                



                                    
                                        how long will my fundraising page remain open?

                                    
                                



                                    
                                        if a donor writes a check, what is the best way to submit and account for that donation within my 
st. jude math-a-thon fundraised total?

                                    
                                








you can opt not to redeem any prizes, and the cost savings will further drive your impact on the st. jude mission. please call (800) 386-2665 and let the agent know of your choice to opt out of receiving math-a-thon prizes or choose to opt out within the prize redemption email.






the st. jude math-a-thon event lead/contact will share a link to the event fundraising page where parents can register. this may be your child's teacher or school administrator.






for st. jude math-a-thon events that fundraised online
each individual participant will receive an online prize redemption email certificate from halo rewards within 45 days after the event. participants will receive access to a portal to select prize(s). the standard lead time for shipping is at least two weeks.
for st. jude math-a-thon events that fundraised offline
the st. jude math-a-thon event lead will call (800) 386-2665 to request prize redemption certificates for their event's participants.
once confirmed from the call, prize redemption certificates will be received in the mail. the event lead will distribute these to each individual participant. each participant will then use the prize redemption code to redeem prize(s) online.






fundraising pages are typically kept open for ten days after the math-a-thon event to give the event lead and all participants a chance to account for all remaining donations. the event lead can call (800) 386-2665 to request an extension, but this may delay reporting and prizes.






within the online participant center, the event lead can use the mobile check deposit tool to log check donations.









 





     








register your school





need more info? connect with us at (800) 386-2665 or email us.


 







back to top



back


 







with your support, families never receive a bill from st. jude for treatment, travel, housing or food.


 





     




you may also be interested in:

















        chat with us
    

        chat with us
    

we don't have any representatives available right now. please contact us during the hours below or send a message.
operating hours
 monday - friday
 7:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. ct

all of our representatives are currently busy. please try again later or send a message now.
operating hours
monday - friday
7:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. ct





























finding cures.

                    saving children. 
                    ®








sign up for email updates










first name



last name



email








i would like to receive emails from st. jude.


please select in order to sign up for email updates.



 close the current dialog




submit





by giving us your email address, you are signing up to receive emails from st. jude. 
by giving us your email address and/or mobile phone number, you are signing up to receive emails and periodic text messages from st. jude.
you will be able to opt-out of these messages at any time.






thank you



thank you for signing up to receive updates from st. jude. you may manage your subscriptions at the st. jude e-mail management center.





connect with us



like




follow




follow




subscribe





contact us

262 danny thomas place
memphis, tn 38105



									visit st. jude
								


                        donor services: 

                            (800) 822-6344
                        


                        hospital: 

                            (866) 278-5833
                        



learn more about us




											careers
										



											media resources
										

























© copyright 2025. st. jude children's research hospital, a not-for-profit, section 501(c)(3).


u.s. privacy notice


disclaimer / registrations / copyright statement


linking policy


notice of privacy practices (hipaa)


ad choices


notice of non-discrimination


pricing transparency


site map


your opt-out rights


washington health privacy notice


if you speak another language, assistance services, free of charge, are available to you. call 1-866-278-5833 (tty: 1-901-595-1040)


español


中文


tiếng việt


한국어


tagalog


русский


العربية


français


deutsch


日本語


فارسی


हिन्दी


ગુજરાતી


አማርኛ


ພາສາລາວ









close




















close
 





