


jewelry by da’oud  











home
				| about us
				| contact
				| terms
                                | faq 
                                | lost wax casting process 
                                | renaissance festivals 
                                | links
                                | visit us on fb









 














 









































welcome to jewelry by da'oud. 

in this day and age, many things have changed. we are no longer able to sell in person while renaissance festivals across the country have closed, but this has given us a chance to work on updating our website!

at jewelry by da'oud, we are a small company of devotees, giving you great service and a beautiful wearable product to be savored for many years to come. da'oud is a perfectionist, and gives each and all orders his full attention.

we have a wide range of vintage-inspired and celtic handcrafted adornment and rings. any order you make from the website will be handcrafted from scratch, with your size, gem, precious metal all selected by you! please remember that prices seen on the website are for metal work only and stones are priced separately. contact us about which stone you would like to see set into the piece and we will get back to you with the prices as there is such a variety of stones, quality and prices we await input from you for your unique setting. we can get most any stone you might want, including synthetics


da'oud uses only secondary source and/or recycled sources of gold and diamonds in his work.he uses refined metal originating from jewelers, manufacturers, secondary market jewelry and placer gold from individual miners in northern california. our diamonds come from secondary market and conflict-free origin sources. we are very conscious of the karmic implications of pollution and human misery associated with large corporations mining gold and the problems with sources of diamonds that come from conflict nations. he wishes to keep the energy of your rings as pristine as possible.

all of our handmade celtic and floral jewelry is available in a variety of metals. we use quality 14k and 18k gold, platinum, solid white or rose gold (never plated!), and sterling silver. gemstones used include diamonds, emeralds, rubies, and colored stones of all varieties. themes range from simple celtic knots, claddaugh, scottish, irish, to those of commitment or union rings. floral designs from the wine country include grapes on the vine, oak and acorn, ivy, forget me knots, and much more. other themes are that of water, waves, rivers and surf as well as mountains, the four elements, geomancy designs.

custom designs are welcome! we can also tweek any of our designs if you have something special in mind.

to contact us, please use our friendly contact page, and we'll get back to you within a few days. if phone calls are more your style, feel free to call us 805 965 4171with your questions or to place an order.

when the world returns to normal, you can find our store fronts exclusively at a variety of renaissance festivals around the country. please come visit us if you are in any of these wonderful locations durring thew run of the festival:

arizona renaissance festival: february - march www.renfestinfo.com/arizona

booth 117  new location! near the bird show heath, behind the bungie jump.

southern california renaissance pleasure faire: april - may www.renfair.com/socal
on jeweler's row by the fool's stage (broon)

colorado renaissance festival: june - july www.coloradorenaissance.com
booth 116  across from the globe stage (arsene)

minnesota renaissance fesitval: august - september www.renaissancefest.com
booth 432  near the narrows, near the grove stage (tuey)




























 
 

 




