








improve company culture today! | fish! philosophy







































































 



















 skip to content








international 












  


search for:








homewhat is fish!? what is fish!?about usthe impact of the fish! philosophyresultsget started businesshealthcareeducationgovernmenttraining & events training & eventsworkshopstrain the trainerfish! for leadersconsultingcoachingexecutive briefingmeet our speakersproductsblog subscribe to blogview past fish! blogsthe joy cafe podcastschedule a call 










search for:




















homenlzqqttd-ca2024-10-01t09:39:02-05:00 
catch the energyof the world-famous video that transforms business culture.watch preview nowproblemsdisengaged employees
gallup says 70% of people are not engaged at work. the result? productivity plunges. absenteeism and turnover soar. it’s costing us up to half a trillion dollars ($500,000,000,000) a year.
quiet quitting
fully 80% of employees report they would look for another job after just one bad day at work. that attitude leads to resentment, bad morale, and lower revenue. it can spread through an organization like cancer.
retention trouble
at least 50% of employee turnover comes from burnout. people have needs beyond a salary. if those needs aren’t met, they’re likely to leave for another job, which is costly.
solutionsdiscover how to build a culture where your team can excel. in business, education, healthcare, or government. over 100,000 fish! philosophy fans can’t be wrong.
the fish! philosophy helps:

build trust and teamwork in your culture
increase employee engagement, retention, and productivity
avoid awful reviews on glassdoor and google

where to startbusinessbuild a culture that improves morale and engagement, teamwork, customer service and employee retention.

healthcareprovide a compassionate, respectful patient experience, delivered by staff that lives your mission and values.

educationcreate positive, cooperative classrooms, allowing teachers and students to focus on learning.

governmentcreate a culture that can empower your team to feel engaged in their work and reduce employee turnover.

want fast answers?schedule a free fish conversation.
in only 30 minutes, you’ll get fast, personal answers to your biggest questions about workplace culture. no cost. no obligation. no kidding.
but only for a few days, this week and next …
schedule a callcome join the energy with other fish! philosophers
schedule a callstart your free culture checkup today!
the fish! philosophy is the culture improvement program that changed everything!
register for culture checkup



 
 














 phone: 800.695.4534  |  email: info@fishphilosophy.com  |  7510 market place drive suite #104 eden prairie, mn 55344 usa

 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2024 fish! philosophy. all rights reserved. | terms | privacy policy | license agreement | website by skol marketing 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



close
select your location 
 











go to top




