





welcome to shenzhou changyuan hardware wire mesh products co.,ltd. !
































 




 
 




 
 



barbecue grill wire mesh



crimped wire mesh sheet



welded wire mesh panel



welded wire mesh



hexagonal wire netting



diamond wire mesh









 
 


 
 





 update to ie 6.0


 


 
 









 


barbecue, which is popular in korea and japan, brings you flavor food and a fresh way of enjoying life. anda is especially experienced in design and production of barbecue grill wire mesh. different sizes and materials available for barbecue grill wire netting. custom order is also welcome.




 


 







 


 


 based in anping county, the well-known homeland of wire mesh of china, with rich experiences in wire mesh processing, honest service and dedication to our customers, anda has become the source of barbecue grill wire mesh, crimped wire mesh sheets, welded wire mesh in piece and in rolls, hexagonal wire mesh for domestic and intenational customers since 1992.  you are welcome to tour our website and see what we can do better for you. 




 


 
 
 







 
 

 founded in 1992, shenzhou changyuan hardware wire mesh products co.,ltd. has a history of over ten years in wire and wire mesh processing. major products of this factory include wire mesh barbecue grill, crimped wire mesh sheet, welded wire mesh in pieces, welded wire mesh in rolls (galvanized after welded, hot-dip zinc-plated after welded or pvc coated), hexagonal wire mesh (galvanized before weaving or hot-dip zinc-plating after weaving), etc. 
shenzhou changyuan hardware wire mesh products co.,ltd. is especially experienced in design and production of wire mesh for barbecue grills use. different sizes and materials available for barbecue grill wire netting. custom order is also welcome. we produce and export barbecue grill wire mesh in big quantity for export to japan and korea. we use crimped wire mesh sheets for barbecue grill wire netting, while the surface of the crimped wire mesh is treated with zinc-coating or chromium plated, according to customers requirements. barbecue grill wire mesh offered by anda enjoys beautiful appearance, bright surface and good structure...


 


  

  besides barbecue grill wire netting, shenzhou changyuan hardware wire mesh products co.,ltd. also produces crimped wire mesh sheets for construction use and decoration use, welded wire mesh panels for construction, welded wire mesh with different processing way and hexagonal wire mesh in various sizes. 
   barbecue grill wire mesh (our main products)

  crimped wire mesh sheet

  welded wire mesh panel
 
 




 

 


more >> 




 













 
 







copyright © 2003 shenzhou changyuan hardware wire mesh products co.,ltd.	all rights reserved.
	add: dingtun industrial zone, baoheng road, shenzhou city, hebei, china post code:053800
tel: +86-318-3551991 fax: +86-318-3551661 e-mail: sales@wire-mesh-product.com
 




 

 







