








smc | scottish medicines consortium





























































skip to navigation
skip to content



















search

























                                about us
                            










                                                    who we are
                                                



                                                    horizon scanning
                                                



                                                    public involvement
                                                










                                                                        public involvement network advisory group
                                                                    



                                                                        patient group partners
                                                                    



                                                                        public partners
                                                                    





                                                    policies & publications
                                                



                                                    minutes
                                                



                                                    meetings
                                                



                                                    register for a meeting
                                                



                                                    ilap
                                                



                                                    latest update
                                                










                                                                        february 2025 decisions news release
                                                                    





                                                    contact us
                                                





                                medicines advice
                            



                                how we decide
                            










                                                    pace
                                                



                                                    interim acceptance decision option
                                                



                                                    ultra-orphan medicines for extremely rare conditions
                                                



                                                    abbreviated submissions
                                                





                                making a submission
                            


















advising on new medicines for scotland
this month's advice









we are the national source of advice on the clinical and cost-effectiveness of all new medicines for nhsscotland. our aim is to ensure that people in scotland have timely access to medicines that provide most benefit based on best available evidence.


















medicines advice

find out what our committee has advised on a medicine.


find out more

















how we make our decisions

we carefully consider evidence from pharmaceutical companies, patient groups and clinicians to help us make our decisions. 


find out more

















making a submission

companies can submit a medicine to us for consideration. patient groups can submit evidence to help our committee make a decision on a medicine.


find out how

















public involvement

the views of patient groups and the public are key to what we do. find out more about how we work with patient groups and the public – and how to get involved.



find out more
























medicines under consideration

find out what medicines we’ll be assessing over the next few months.



medicines under consideration




























register for a meeting

all our smc committee meetings are held in public. find out more and register your interest in attending.


register















contact us


register for a meeting


accessibility


terms and conditions


respecting your privacy


freedom of information



© scottish medicines consortium


















        ﻿




