


warrior crafts samurai swords & martial arts





 


home  links  
the samurai creed  site map  
portsmouth mixed martial arts  
portsmouth martial arts
secrets of the japanese samurai sword
or all you want to know about samurai swords












are you interested in japans, culture? 
do the samurai fascinate you?
are you interested in the martial arts?

if you answered yes to any one of these questions then this is a must have book for you.


i know what you are thinking. how do i know if tbr>
josiah d




now i assume you are back from reading half the book.lets quickly summarize the book details for you
	   
 all you want to know about japanese samurai swords

	   we will de-mystify the story of the samurai's mighty sword the katana.

generally believed to be one of the most beautiful swords of all time.


in clear and easy to understand explanations we will teach you all the basic of the samurai sword.
when it was used, who made them, how they where proved to be battle ready (you won't believe this!). 
i imagine you know this.

"the samurai (or bushi) were the members of the military class, the japanese warriors. 
samurai employed a range of weapons such as bows and arrows, spears and guns; but their most famous weapon and their symbol was the sword. 
samurai were supposed to lead their lives according to the ethic code of bushido ("the way of the warrior")., bushido stressed concepts such
as loyalty to one's master, self discipline and respectful, ethical behavior." acupunctureinfertilitycenter.com




the e-book itself is 
an excellent source of information on japanese swords, their manufacture, use
and associated customs. other books on the subject tend to cost an absolute
fortune and be protracted to the extent of sending the reader to sleep, but 
this e-book is straight to the point and gives plenty of easily accessible 
knowledge. noorinfo.com http://www.iaomc.org

adam hurley, worthing.






but would you also like to know the below.

the japanese sword began its life how and when
the proper way to handle an historical blade
famous sword smiths
masamune who is he why is he important
the golden age of sword making
japanese historical era to sword era
katana samurai sword blade labelled 
before the katana
the three basic types of japanese blades
daisho what does it mean 
sheathed katana in scabbard (saya)
japanese sword forging techniques
sword forging process illustrated
the gruesome act of sword testing
myth of the left handed samurai swordsman
how to hold the sword (katana) correctly ?
basic sword etiquette

how to pass the sword correctly
tales of cutting power of the japanese katana
death before dishonour
armour design and penetration
the myth of blood grooves
example of different sword types including shirasaya katana,standard katana,tachi katana,wakishashi and daisho
the story of the japanese sword saint
plus a whole stack of other interesting facts and information 
170 questions answered
get your questions answered for free

free extra:-questions and answers.

you will own this copy of the book and save it straight to your hard drive and print it. cost of delivery nothing it's a free down load to your computer.free pdf viewer here just in case your the one in 100 that does not have it in there machine already.
 
ps get this free bonus graphic of  japanese swords, saya , blades all neatly labeled. you can use this to print a4 posters or as a screen saver or as wallpaper

1-year refund no questions asked
that's how confident i am that you will like our book. we will promptly give 100% refund.


great value for money $29.74 for 110 pages of info packed pages. important read how to get your book before clicking the pay button. 
when you finish paying using the paypal button you will be give the option to return to the merchant. you must click the return to merchant button. this action will send you to the download page to get your book. so do not forget








testimonial for the e-book:" all you want to know about samurai swords"

swift service (virtually instant) with only a simple transaction required to
make the purchase. the e-book itself is 
an excellent source of information on japanese swords, their manufacture, use
and associated customs. other books on the subject tend to cost an absolute
fortune and be protracted to the extent of sending the reader to sleep, but 
this e-book is straight to the point and gives plenty of easily accessible 
knowledge. 

adam hurley, worthing.

i would like to thank you for the book that i purchased, it was very 
informative, and easy to read, since the writing style was more relational, 
than documentive. it has good descriptions and pictures, along with slices 
of history, myth, and misconceptions, and does well to straighten these out.
probably my favorite part is on sword etiquette, as i do love to learn about 
cultures, and how they value different things. the book has been very helpful 
for me to understand a bit more about the samurai sword, and made me think 
twice about going and buying an expensive katana for my first. learning from 
others' wisdom is always valuable!


thank you, 
josiah d








