





genealogy.ie - irish family history specialists



genealogy.ie - irish family history specialists







































































genealogy.ie




home
services
why hire us
examples
testimonials
about us
contact us
___





irish family history specialists





facebookinstagramtwitteryoutube










 


get help finding your irish roots from genealogy.ie
get a quote now










services





 



						professional research into your irish roots					





 



						record search & retrieval  irish citizenship documents					





 



						get our  free magazine					





 



genealogy.ie  library






 



genealogy.ie  blog






 



genealogy.ie  social media











why hire us



emigrant roots: irish ambassador to canada mckee in conversation with jillian van turnhout
 
we offer professional research services that have already helped many of your fellow family historians. below we give you five reasons why we believe we are the ideal partner for your research into your irish family history. explore our website to find out about us and ask for a quote.
1. because we are irish
first of all, because genealogy.ie is based in dublin. we have therefore ready access to all irish archives and libraries. and of course, we have subscriptions to all relevant irish family history databases.
2. because we have the expertise and the passion
jillian van turnhout, our founder and md, has over 18 years’ experience in tracing irish family histories. she is passionate about genealogy and understands the richness and fulfilment that goes with finding out about your ancestors and their lives.
jillian is an member of agi and a member of the irish genealogical research society, the irish family history society and the society of genealogists.
 

meet jillian
 
3. because we are recognised specialists in irish genealogy

we have been published in various genealogical and local history magazines in both ireland and north america. and were invited as a guest speaker by the university of toronto in canada (see picture to the right).
our articles are about our research, advice on record collections, research tips, local history, etc. magazines we have appeared in include the respected “irish family history journal” (journal of the irish family history society – ifhs), “your genealogy today” and “internet genealogy” (both are publications in north america). you can download our articles by following the link below.
our published articles
 
4. because our irish ancestry research is professional, factual and solid

before we start any research, we will discuss with you what exactly it is that you hope we find. we will get you to share what you already know – so we don’t duplicate what you have already done but also to determine if there is data we need to double check. we will always agree with you our research approach and the cost before starting any work, so there are no surprises afterwards. we have a clear method of research and adhere rigorously to best practices for genealogical research. you can read more about both in the “professional irish ancestry research” section of this website.

 
5. because our irish family history reports are top notch
another reason is that we will present our findings in a clearly laid out, professional report. our clients are raving about them – as you can read in our client testimonials. and of course, you will get digital copies of all certificates and documents we find.
 

“i’ve enjoyed — and continue to enjoy — poring over the details contained in your amazing 10-page report and 18 supporting documents. they have spurred me to keep digging.”

 
~
please use the link below to ask for a quote. we will give you an honest appraisal of our chances to find the information you are looking for and how much it will cost to do the research.
get a quote now
 
irish genealogist ~ irish family history research ~ irish citizenship ~ irish roots ~ irish ancestry ~ irish living relative search ~ finding your irish ancestor’s county – irish diaspora ~ irish local history research ~ irish record retrieval ~ irish family trees








examples of our work


































what our clients say




i engaged jillian to assist in researching my irish ancestors, and i could not have been more satisfied. my situation might have been unusual, because i was a life-long researcher, and i wanted to work together with her in dublin on researching my family history. she readily adapted to my particular research goals, and we worked together very well.
jillian has a very pleasant and positive personality, and she is an exceedingly knowledgeable genealogist who is thorough and organized. her public service career and her substantial experience in genealogy make her especially knowledgeable about the available (and unavailable) government and religious records.
i enthusiastically recommend her for genealogical services in dublin.


				testimonial from hank, montana, usa			



jillian van turnhout works with persistency through her researches, neglecting no avenue nor effort to find the information needed. she works with efficacity, heart and sensibility. thank you for your wonderful collaboration that has been so helpful.


				testimonial from hélène robitaille, archiviste, le monastère des augustines, quebec			



i recently decided to seek dual us-irish citizenship which requires a proven pedigree to a great grandparent born in ireland.  i decided to try working with an accredited genealogist in ireland: genealogy.ie.  jillian van turnhout found where my great grandparents were born and baptized, their parents and the witnesses to the baptism!   the speed, accuracy, completeness and professional curiosity of jillian’s work bordered on outright sorcery!  even better, her fees were quite reasonable.  i would strongly recommend to anyone seeking to explore their irish ancestry that they contact jillian or one of her colleagues at genealogy.ie!


				testimonial from bill, georgia, usa			



my experience with genealogy.ie has proven to be my most significant breakthrough in some 40 years of searching after a visit to the emerald isle.
as i’m sure with many others, my efforts to get a significant breakthrough were hampered by relatively simple errors and omissions that i had made. my luck changed when i commissioned genealogy.ie!
whilst i am not certain that i will now continue to delve even further back, i know where to come when i take up the challenge!


				testimonial from chris, australia			



working with jillian was a pleasure. she was professional, prompt, and is very skilled. my family has been researching our family roots in ireland for years.  she quickly was able to uncover information about our family. i appreciated her communication upfront, giving me a price quote and an idea of what her search would entail. she prepared a thorough report, including copies of all documents that she found upon completion. thank you, jillian!


				testimonial from jane, irish american			



i had been working on tracing a specific ancestor for a few months but had hit a brick wall. there were only a couple of pieces of the puzzle left to find but i just couldn’t narrow down those last bits of information and found myself going round in circles. i was just about ready to give up. i contacted jillian at genealogy.ie and her confidence in being able to finish the puzzle restored my enthusiasm. the resources she has at her fingertips enabled her to find my ancestor and all the relevant details within the shortest time. i would thoroughly recommend genealogy.ie to anyone who finds themselves in a similar position.


				testimonial from nicola, uk			



during 15 years of family research, one becomes very persistent in overcoming obstacles to finding pertinent information about a relative. however, sometimes one does become brick-walled, so to speak and you need to seek professional help. in engaging genealogy.ie, i have been very impressed by jillian’s professionalism and persistence to gain the objective of the brief. so much so, i have no hesitation in recommending her to anyone seeking professional assistance in their quest for their family research.


				testimonial from rod, australia			



it was really fantastic!! so much my father didn’t know. was quite emotional to watch him discover all the information you found. i will be in touch again as i want you to branch out further now on both sides.


				testimonial from sarah, china and ireland			



jillian provided a wealth of information about my great great grandparents. i longed to know where they lived in ireland and because of her extraordinary talent, i have that valuable information. her incredible ability of knowing where to locate difficult records is an amazing talent and i feel very fortunate to have her researching my ancestors in ireland.


				testimonial from dorothy, florida, usa			



many, many thanks for the exceptional work you did tracking down my irish ancestors. it was the best money i ever spent; your service was worth every penny and more.
i’ve enjoyed — and continue to enjoy — poring over the details contained in your amazing 10-page report and 18 supporting documents. they have spurred me to keep digging.


				testimonial from debra, new york, usa			



your work is perfect jillian, thanks very much. i’m so pleased i commissioned you to research my family, it saved me countless hours of fruitless searching. your final report is so detailed, professionally presented and easy to read. i really wasn’t expecting so much information. well done and again thank you, it was well worth it.


				testimonial from michael, queensland, australia			



after a considerable amount of very frustrating and disappointing time trying to find my irish ancestors, i contacted genealogy.ie. their performance exceeded all my expectations, in both quality and time. jillian came up with a wealth of information. i will not hesitate to recommend genealogy.ie to my friends.


				testimonial from jim, ontario, canada			



i commissioned jillian to find a photo of “j.f. hudson”, former captain of the royal dublin golf club. we had a blank space in the club photo gallery of past captains for him. as john fenton hudson never married and had no direct descendants jillian first had to trace back to his parents to find his siblings and then trace forwards and found his grandnieces. she impressed with her skills and commitment leaving no stone unturned to succeed in this challenge. his photo is now included after many years!


				testimonial from tom, memorabilia committee, the royal dublin golf club			



my husband wanted to explore his irish roots in hopes of obtaining dual citizenship.  living just outside chicago, it was difficult for us to do the research ourselves. while we learned he did not qualify, jillian and genealogy.ie were able to solve quite a few long standing mysteries about his family.  they worked tirelessly until they got answers and presented us with a thorough report on their comprehensive efforts. the service was excellent.  jillian was a pleasure to work with.  i highly recommend them.


				testimonial from eleonora, chicago, usa			



mum is pouring over all the details…. i can see many conversations in the future, wonderful to find out your grandparents names at the age of 77! thank you.


				testimonial from fiona, ireland			



i have always longed to trace my family origins and didn’t know how to go about it. after meeting jillian by chance, i commissioned her to research my family history.  jillian’s research brought life and excitement to my roots and successfully traced my family as far back as 1823.


				testimonial from majella, ireland			








get your quote now





 

jillian van turnhout, member of agi 
copyright © 2016 genealogy.ie 
company info 
 


















