









priority trust credit union | your trust. our priority.





























































skip to content



































 



accounts checking savings and cds business overdraft protectionloans vehicle personal homes home equity loan smart-e loancardsservices online payment center mobile and online banking send money financial education insurance helpful links dormant accountsnewsabout us history our leadership locations holiday hours and closings membership rates legal contact us careersregisterlogin










search



				search			








close



 







 















all our branches will be closed on monday, february 17th for president’s day and will resume regular business hours on tuesday, february 18th.


 










































accounts











rates

































news & promotions

























														how to recognize and avoid secret shopper check scams													


fake secret shopper checks can cost you money. learn how to identify scams and protect your financial security.


read more about how to recognize and avoid secret shopper check scams





















														we’re upgrading our debit cards!													


meet your updated priority trust debit card—fresh, modern, and inspired by our new name, reflecting our ongoing commitment to you!


read more about we’re upgrading our debit cards!





















														year-end financial checklist: 8 steps to a stronger financial future													


as the year ends, streamline your finances: review accounts, set savings goals, and tackle debt to start new year strong.


read more about year-end financial checklist: 8 steps to a stronger financial future





















														holiday toy drive: bring joy to local kids													


join our holiday toy drive to bring joy to children from bakerripley! donate new, unwrapped toys at any branch or online.


read more about holiday toy drive: bring joy to local kids















view all


























featured services






priority trust provides members with access to a wide range of financial products and services. from checking and savings accounts to mortgages and loans, we have you covered. check out some of our featured services.






















checking & savings


our checking and savings accounts offer unbeatable rates and hassle-free services. with us, you can enjoy the benefits of financial freedom today. 


										learn more											




















loans


need a loan? look no further than priority trust to get all the information you need. we offer competitive interest rates, flexible payment plans and more. 


										learn more											




















mortgages


priority trust partners with member home loans to provide a variety of mortgage products to make securing the home of your dreams easier.  


										learn more											






















credit cards


looking for a card that makes spending secure and easy?  priority trust has the cards that offer simplicity in spending. 


										learn more											




















auto buying services


priority trust can help you find the auto that is right for you.  and with financing for every situation, we'll get you in your dream car! 


										learn more											




















insurance


looking for insurance protection?  at priority trust credit union, we've got you covered. 


										learn more											




















find your next car



















member auto center





 











enterprise car sales





 








shop our preferred dealer network for the greatest deals. they can help you find the vehicle you've been dreaming about!







get started





















explore our preferred dealer network






enjoy an extensive inventory of quality vehicles and expert customer service to make your car buying experience simple and stress-free.







dealer network










financial education and counseling






unlock the door to financial literacy with our diverse range of educational resources.







learn more










 















accounts checking savings and cds business overdraft protection









loans vehicle personal homes home equity loan smart-e loan









cards debit cards credit cards









services mobile and online banking send money financial education insurance helpful links dormant accounts









news promotions









about us history our leadership locations holiday hours and closings membership rates legal contact us careers






























email newsletter signup


  








δ






















careers
legal
cybersecurity
accessibility
routing number: 313083675










© 2025 prioritytrust. all rights reserved. 


















































 












































