


  


expat mortgages uk
























home
about
services





















































                                                                mortgages
                                                            



                                                                        expat mortgages
                                                                    



                                                                        expat residential mortgages
                                                                    



                                                                        expat buy to let mortgages
                                                                    



                                                                        expat remortgages
                                                                    



                                                                        expat mortgage rates
                                                                    



                                                                        expat mortgage application
                                                                    



                                                                        expat mortgages faq
                                                                    



                                                                        mortgage enquiry
                                                                    





                                                                insurance
                                                            



                                                                        international life insurance
                                                                    



                                                                        expat income protection insurance
                                                                    



                                                                        appying for cover
                                                                    



                                                                        expat insurance faq
                                                                    



                                                                        quick quote
                                                                    





                                                                clients
                                                            



                                                                        our clients
                                                                    



                                                                        testimonials
                                                                    





                                                                faq
                                                            



                                                                        expat mortgages
                                                                    



                                                                        expat life insurance
                                                                    





                                                                contact
                                                            



                                                                        expat mortgage enquiry
                                                                    



                                                                        expat insurance quote
                                                                    



                                                                        contact us
                                                                    
























expat residential mortgages
expat mortgages for your main residence or family occupation.


enquire now






expat buy to let mortgages
expat mortgages for buy to let or investment property.


enquire now






expat remortgages
challenge us to find you a better deal!


enquire now






expat mortgage protection
international life insurance and income protection plans.


quick quote











uk expat mortgages 





residential
buy to let
remortgages
rates
applying
faq
enquire











home












uk expat mortgages.
whether you are looking for a family home, or a buy to let investment, we can help you finance your next property purchase in the uk.
we specialise in finding flexible expat mortgages for the purchase of uk property as a buy to let investment, as a second home or to live in when you return.

                                                    we've been in the expat mortgage business for a long time! this means we can offer all our clients expert professional advice with an unrivalled level
                                                    of service. as one of the largest intermediaries in the uk our network has access to a comprehensive range of expat mortgages.
                                                

                                                    so if you're thinking about buying in the uk or re-mortgaging an existing home please contact us with your borrowing requirements.
                                                    with our extensive lender connections we can normally secure an agreement in principal the same day.
                                                

                                                    our mortgage sourcing service gives access to a comprehensive range of products from over 65 lenders, simply enter a few basic details and we'll return suitable uk expat mortgage options.
                                                




mortgage search





                                                    why choose us?
                                                


amazing rates

we're appointed representatives of sesame, one of the uk's largest network of  financial advisers. this means we have access to some special lending terms and amazing rates not available directly with lenders.



personal advisors


                                                                when you make contact with us, you will be assigned a personal advisor who will deal with your case. you will be given regular updates and you'll always be able to speak to the same person as your mortgage application proceeds.
                                                            



efficient process

once the expat mortgage application has been processed, we're happy to communicate with the lender, estate agent and solicitor on your behalf, and we'll keep everything moving forward smoothly for you.


not based offshore

we specialise in sourcing expat mortgages and we're based in the uk. all our advisors are fully qualified to give financial planning & mortgage advice. see financial services ltd is an appointed representative of sesame ltd, which is authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority.



no leads passed on

unlike many other lead generating websites, we never pass on your details to anyone else. all our expat mortgage enquiries are processed in house, and dealt with by our own experienced advisors.




expat mortgages without the stress!
we aim to take some of the stress out of  buying a home in the uk. we're proud to offer a complete expatriate mortgage service with everything you need in one place. uk expat mortgages have never been so easy!
we'll never ask you to commit to our service by requesting an admin or broker fee up front, and we won't recommend a mortgage product unless we're confident we can secure it for you first time.
                                                when you ask us to help with your expat mortgage, we'll assess your requirements and try to place you with the most suitable lender.
expat mortgages & help with the other stuff!
as an expatriate you probably won't be in the uk during much of the house purchase itself, and it can be much more difficult to organise everything once you return to work.
in addition to overseeing your expat mortgage application we're happy to communicate with other parties on your behalf. we can speak to your estate agent, solicitor and insurance provider, and keep your purchase running smoothly.
through our close links with a network of uk solicitors we can also arrange conveyance and legal services at competitive rates. our legal contacts offer a service where you can track your case online and receive automatic email updates when each stage completes.
so if you're looking to purchase a house as your main residence, extend your  buy to let portfolio or remortgage an existing property, we can offer you unrivalled service with access to the most suitable expat mortgages currently available.
unbiased and fully qualified.
we provide unbiased mortgage advice using fully qualified advisers based in the uk. your advice will be given by an adviser holding both cemap and the advanced ifs level 4 diploma.
before recommending a suitable mortgage product, an adviser will review your personal requirements and search the expat mortgage market using our database of lenders. 
our network status means we're able to source better uk mortgage packages from a comprehensive range of over 65 lenders.
when buying any property in the uk, we understand how important it is that finance is secured quickly to avoid problems with the purchase. as an expatriate it is even more important to deal with a specialist, long established broker with tremendous knowledge of the expatriate mortgage market.
our experience means we can assess your case and immediately place you with the most suitable lender offering the best possible terms. being placed with the wrong lender can mean long delays or even a declined application.
expat mortgages countries considered.
we can help residents in most countries find a suitable mortgage. we've been helping british expats living in the uae find uk mortgages for over 20 years. for a full list of countries considered please see our expat mortgages countries considered  page.
to help you understand some of the mortgage terminology used on our website we have created a mortgage glossary page with common terms and meanings.

if you are experiencing financial difficulty and struggling to make repayments you can contact your lender who may be able to help taking account of your individual circumstances. you may want to contact one of the free impartial money guidance and debt advice services such as stepchange, citizens advice, or turn2us.
 


quick enquiry







                                                            your property may be repossessed if you do not keep up repayments on your mortgage
                                                        

                                                            changes in the exchange rate may increase the sterling equivalent of your debt
                                                        

                                                            the fca does not regulate estate agents, solicitors and some forms of buy to let mortgages
                                                        












                                                    our services







                                                                     mortgages
                                                                





 mortgages for uk expats and foreign nationals living in the uk.
 expat residential mortgages for family occupation.
 expat buy to let mortgages for uk investment property.
 expat remortgages for existing uk home owners.









                                                                     insurance
                                                                





 international life insurance with global coverage.
 uk expat life insurance for peace of mind.
 expat income protection plans for uk expatriates based overseas.









                                                                     support
                                                                





 when arranging a mortgage we're happy to liase with your estate agent and solicitor.
 we'll represent you when you apply for expat life insurance and support your application until cover commences.
 we're always here to help you and we pride ourselves on providing a prompt efficient service.








                                                            our reviews








efficient process.
“living in qatar with the intention of moving back to the uk, we had the difficult task of arranging a mortgage..“



                                                                adam qatar







helpful & professional
“having had my time wasted by a local mortgage advisor i was lucky enough to find see financial services..“



                                                                ken vienna







very responsive.
“sherrie helped us get a mortgage with a good rate, despite our complicated financial arrangements..“



                                                                david serbia







simple & stress free.
“special thanks to sherrie and the see financial services team for helping me remortgage my uk property..“



                                                                dipin bahrain







delight to work with.
“sherrie has done a number of property refinances for me and is a delight to work with..“



                                                                lynda australia









                                                        our clients





we help both uk expatriates and foreign nationals find mortgages for uk property.

uk expats
foreign nationals
self employed
contractors
employed

we can normally find a suitable mortgage for most individuals including contractors and self employed workers.
contact us




                                                        our company





our company was established in 2002 as a specialist expat mortgage and insurance broker.
since then we've helped 1000s of uk expats and our experience means we can quickly find the most suitable products to match your individual needs.
being part of one of the uks largest networks of financial advisors also means we have access to some special lending terms and amazing rates not available directly with lenders.
read more













residential mortgages

we have access to amazing rates not available directly from the lenders.
we'll find you a great mortgage!
more












buy to let mortgages

we can help you finance your uk investment property with access to over 65 lenders.
we're the uk expat buy to let mortgage specialist.
learn more












expat remortgages

if you already have a mortgage we could find you a better deal.
challenge us to save you money!
remortgages












expat mortgage rates

latest expat mortgage rates with maximum lending criteria and aprc comparisons.
click the link below to see the latest expat mortgage rates.
mortgage rates












mortgage protection

we have access to international life insurance and income protection plans for peace of mind.
we'll help you find the right cover.
life insurance
















already have a mortgage?
we could find you a better deal and help you switch.



enquire now














expat mortgage broker and international life insurance specialist.this website is intended for residents of the united kingdom. this includes uk expatriates working overseas.




                                                            registered office:
                                                            rumwell hall, rumwell, taunton. ta4 1el
                                                            registered in england company no. 4549262.


                                                            phone: +44 01823 401111
                                                        

advice@seemoney.co.uk








references


uk financial conduct authority 
http://www.fca.org.uk/


uk government services and information
https://www.gov.uk/


institute of financial services
http://institute.ifslearning.ac.uk/


on clicking the above links you will leave the regulated site of see financial services ltd. neither see financial services ltd, nor sesame ltd, is responsible for the accuracy of the information contained within the linked site.






sections

home
about us
expat mortgages
expat life insurance
our clients
contact us





keep in touch
subscribe to our newsletter to get important news & updates





subscribe


























terms & conditions
•
privacy

                                               © see financial services ltd 2024.
                                        





















