













home | hamilton


















































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



osu extension 

hamilton
https://hamilton.osu.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences




hamilton county






menu





 

homeprogram areas4-h carteens4-h youth development4-h camp4-h in the classroomeducational resourcesexhibitionjoin hamilton county 4-hohio 4-h family guidequality assurancesupport usteen informationvolunteer opportunitiesagriculture and natural resourcestri-state green industry conferenceprofessional horticultureohio pesticide applicator informationhome gardenershorticulture resourcesplant for pollinatorsnon-native invasive pestsbox tree moth informationbed bug informationsoil information and resourcesrain gardens & landscape storm water management optionsohio certified volunteer naturalist programbackyard poultry certification coursecommunity developmentefnepcontact informationcurrent classeslocal community impactsparticipating sites and community partnerswhat is adult efnep?what is youth efnep?family and consumer sciencesdietary guidelinesdining with diabetesfood preservationfood regulations resourcesreal money, real worldsenior citizen resourcesskin scanning & sun safetymaster gardener volunteershow do i become a master gardener?grow ohio - plant a row for the hungrymaster gardener volunteer program impactmaster gardener volunteer project sitesosu master gardener volunteer management systemsupport ussnap-edabout snap-edeventscalendarpast eventsnewsaboutcounty staffphoto galleryosu extension 

 





 




ohio state university extension


hamilton county






hamilton county office 


 2055 reading road
suite 500
cincinnati, oh 45202
 
 phone: 513-824-3279513-824-3279 
 fax:  513-772-6126 
 


directions to hamilton county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday - thursday
9:00 am - 4:30 pm

friday by appointment only 
   

 

 




home
you are hereosu extension » hamilton county » home



osu extension in hamilton county open house!
we are excited to invite you to the ohio state university extension hamilton county's open house on thursday, february 13, 2025! this event is a fantastic opportunity to drop in and learn about the wide range of free programs we offer to the community.
whether you're interested in gardening and horticulture, nutrition, youth development, or community engagement, we have something for everyone. our programs are designed to enrich lives and strengthen our community.




event details:
date: thursday, february 13, 2025
time: 3:00 pm – 6:30 pm
location:
			osu extension
			2055 reading road, suite 500
			cincinnati, oh 45202

at the open house, you'll have the chance to:

meet our knowledgeable staff and program leaders
explore our educational and community programs
networking opportunities with other organizations in the area





 
we look forward to seeing you there! please rsvp by friday, february 7, 2025
rsvp here: https://go.osu.edu/openhouse2025
if you have any questions, feel free to contact victoria mullins at mullins.586@osu.edu.
 

 

 
get your tickets! ohio 4-h youth development night at great american ball park with the reds
ohio 4-h youth development night at the ballpark
the 4-h programs of hamilton, warren, montgomery, butler, and clermont counties are excited to be partnering with the cincinnati reds to support programs that will empower youth to lead for a lifetime! in 4-h, we believe in developing young people who are confident, hard-working, determined, responsible and compassionate. 
on friday, may 16, 2025, as the cincinnati reds take on the cleveland guardians, the cincinnati reds will donate a portion of the proceeds from each ticket sold through this link back to our organization! on this city connect friday, be sure to stick around for the fireworks friday show! we hope to see you at the game in support of positive youth development in southwest ohio!
get your tickets here!
 
if you’re interested in joining 4-h, or making an additional donation, please visit the sites below: 
butler.osu.edu
clermont.osu.edu 
hamilton.osu.edu 
montgomery.osu.edu
warren.osu.edu 
 

 
at osu extension hamilton county, we love partnerships!
teaming up with partner organizations allow us to provide quality, research-based educational programs throughout the community. check out the video below to see how important this is to us!

view more about what we offer on our programs pages
contact our staff for more information and to get started!

 

 
 

 
 





county news



  
we are hiring! snap-ed program assistantdo you like to teach food, nutrition, and food resource management?  apply for our snap-ed program assistant position!

visit: hr.osu.edu/careers  

4h is for you!  enroll today!enrollment for the 2024 4-h year is now open!  adult volunteers and youth members must use 4-h online to register.  

use this link to register today!  dealine is march 1st!

4honline.com
  

virtual dining with diabetes seriessign up today for a virtual dining with diabetes program presented by the ohio state university extension office in clermont county.  you will learn how to incorporate good, healthy cooking techniques and other practices to help control your blood sugar through our cooking school and nutrition...  
 


    more county news  

 



cfaes news




 how to safely store eggs and find alternatives amid rising prices  

 enrollment open for new improving weather and climate understanding in ohio online course  

 high school students invited to address global food security at the 2025 ohio youth institute  

 ohio 4-h spark expo returns to inspire the next generation of professionals   

 ohio state scientist unlocks natural, vibrant food color alternatives to red no. 3  

 strickler receives ohio state distinguished service award at 2024 autumn commencement   

 program to discuss leveraging the bioenergy potential of manure  

 growing the perfect christmas tree: ohio state researchers to launch new demonstration farm at cfaes wooster  


more cfaes news 
 

 





event calendar



  
 2/24 
 monday 
 virtual dining with diabetes 
 05:30pm 

 3/3 
 monday 
 virtual dining with diabetes 
 05:30pm 

 3/10 
 monday 
 virtual dining with diabetes 
 05:30pm 
 


    more events  

 

 










locate an office
we connect with people in all stages of life, from young children to older adults.  we work with families and children, farmers and businessowners, community leaders and elected officials to build better lives, better businesses and better communities to make ohio great.





locate an office in my county
locate a statewide office
extension personnel directory


 
 





©  2025 the ohio state university, college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences





hamilton county office 


 2055 reading road
suite 500
cincinnati, oh 45202
 
 phone: 513-824-3279513-824-3279 
 fax:  513-772-6126 
 


directions to hamilton county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday - thursday
9:00 am - 4:30 pm

friday by appointment only 
   

 

 






the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati









social media

osu extension hc facebook
osu extension facebook
osu extension youtube
 

 


2025 | 2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg. | columbus, ohio 43210 | 614-292-6181
accessibility accommodation
if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map





 










