









quicklatin - the premier latin to english translation tool





                  
      

home
 



screenshots
 



downloading
 



system requirements
 



installation notes
 



what does it
            do 
            and why?
 



bugs and risks
 



licensing and
            registration
 



feedback
 



version history
 



 
             











 

      


quicklatin
a latin-to-english translation
        assistant

download quicklatin
quicklatin is a latin translator tool which helps you
        translate latin into english.  it has dictionary and
        parsing capabilities, plus some sentence-handling
        abilities. it is based on the whitaker's words 1.97 dictionary and includes algorithms like those of words,
        but adds sentence and translation handling code.  
 at the moment it does
        not have the ability to handle  english into latin.  


 

download
                quicklatin  1.32c (6 mb) for windows xp, vista, windows 
				7, 8 and
                  windows 10 from google sites.
 




download quicklatin
                  1.32c (slow site - please avoid if possible)



new: download beta version of
		quicklatin 2.2 (4 mb).
system requirements
these products will run on all versions of microsoft windows 
		including win10.
installation notes
all you need to do is double-click the downloaded .exe
        file.   
note: if you obtained a .zip file download, this
        contains the .exe installer.  open the zip file in windows explorer
        and double-click on the .exe file. 
what does it
        do and why?
quicklatin is a translation assistant,
        not a translator. proper machine translation would
        require very much more intelligence than a mere computer
        program can possess. it is purely a dumb robot. it gets
        all the possible matches for a latin word from its
        dictionary, and then strings some sort of meaning
        together. then it's up to you.
you type your text into one window, it
        runs words and displays output in another. it isn't
        intended for massive files, although output can be saved.
known bugs and risks
there are currently no known bugs. bug
        reports are welcome.  check the versions
        page for bugs fixed recently.
when you install it, try running it with something like
        'amo' to check the installation worked.
        you are not recommended to enter very large quantities of
        latin text as a first test, as this will be very slow! 

note: if you get an error when running quicklatin "(000000b7) cannot create a file when that file already
exists." this means that you did not install on vista using "run as
administrator".  uninstall and rerun the installation program using
"run as administrator".
licensing/registration/price
the downloadable demo is fully functional, and will run
        for 30 days.  a 'nag' screen reminds you to purchase each time you
        run it, but you do not need to do so until 30 days have
        passed.  you may of course choose to uninstall the demo
        instead of purchasing.
at the end of the 30-day period, you will be obliged to
        purchase it using your credit card if you wish to continue using it. 
        the price is $29.  if you use some other currency, the credit card operator
        will convert it into british pounds.
you purchase the software from within quicklatin itself, not from
        this site.  do this by clicking the button
        marked 'purchase' on the'nag' screen, with your internet
        connection running.  this will take you to a secure
        server, run by paypal,
        where you can pay by various methods. then you will email us the site
id of your copy, and we will email you an unlock code.

if you are uncomfortable with placing your credit card
        details on the internet, and don't want to use paypal, you can send us a cheque
        on a uk bank for 20 pounds
        sterling, we can also do an unlock this way.   contact
        us to agree this.

please register if you find yourself
        using the product.  
contacting us
 please use this form to contact
        us.  constructive comments and suggestions
        (and bug reports!) are very much welcomed. in
        particular, we'd love to have some idea of what you use ql for -- we get
        very little feedback.  
        
please, please, please, don't send us emails asking us 
		to translate stuff for you from latin into english or (worse) english 
		into latin -- we don't have the time to do this, so we have to ignore 
		such emails. 
        
last updated 6th march 2020.

contact us




