


home - ann arbor bicycle touring society


























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to mailing listmember login




menuhomeabout us why join/member benefits contact us general, officers, etc. club business  faq news assumption of risk bike shop discounts club policies job descriptions by-laws aabts memorial wall submitting payments  event calendarone helluva ride! 2025 one helluva ride  ! ohr merchandise ohr ride safety bike routes member signupsocial media facebook instagram strava newsresources  submitting payments  news documents membership directory safety huron waterloo pathways initia border to border tail washtenaw road work update classified ads surveys forums external resources cue sheets








join now  or   renew existing membership







welcome to the ann arbor bicycle touring society
the ann arbor bicycle touring society has been active in ann arbor and the surrounding communities for over forty years.  we organize numerous rides each week for cyclists of many different skill levels and interests. 

our signature event is the long running "one helluva ride" which takes place each year in july.  we also support numerous cycling advocacy, safety, and charitable groups throughout the greater ann arbor area. 

look at the our site for information on how to join, as well as our ride calendar.  hope to see you at one of our rides!
 











aabts one helluva ride
saturday, july 12, 2025

registration opens march 1st!  
updated routes! back through hell, mi! 
new lunch menu (provided by slows bar bq)!
same great rides and watermelon!

stay tuned!

new aabts clubexpress mobile app has been updated

go to the apple store or google play to download and install the new version.
 
download from the apple store

get on google play



events


 
calendar




members



 
membership directory




 join now!


 
why join / member benefits




ride log


 
club mileage form










aabts event calendar

all aabts members are encouraged to visit and consult frequently the event or ride calendar. the calendar changes often with additions, changes, or ride weather-related cancellations. you as logged-in aabts members are also urged to add "quickevents" (one-time non-repeating rides that can be entered quickly and even at the last minute) on the calendar and assume responsibility as a ride leader for the rides you add to the calendar. aabts rides are one of the most important and enjoyable benefits of membership and are crucial for the well-being of the club!

to add a quickevent

go to the event calendar. the view panel will include an add quickevent button, visible to members only when they are logged in.

an event calendar option, which is turned on, allows clubs to allow their members to create quickevents on their own, without getting an administrator or event calendar module coordinator involved.

when this button is clicked, a single screen is displayed to define the quickevent. clicking save on this screen immediately creates the event.
club rides and mileage log update (4/16/2023)
 
aabts is continuing the current method of members self-entering their outdoor riding miles.  you may log your daily miles here.  members need to enter their miles throughout the year and should not wait to enter miles in december.  miles must be entered at least once a quarter.    

the best way to support the club is by using the aabts ride calendar and joining a club ride.  even better is to lead a club ride.  it is easy and any aabts board member can help you.  contact us at board@aabts.org .

any member can put a ride on the calendar and ride mileage will be logged individually by each rider whether a ride is on the calendar or not. the details of how to schedule and lead a ride are contained in the "aabts ride guidelines 2021" document. 

have a good ride!
 

other events
aabts is happy to work with other cycling clubs to mutually post rides that may be of interest to our members in the effort to promote cycling and community. we can post announcements here.




 
    upcoming events upcoming events    recent aabts news articles recent aabts news articles facebook feedaabts.mi/








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









