





christine havrilla and gypsy fuzz

























home



	                 about
	                

bio
press
gear



tour


music



	                 media
	                

photos
video



merch


contact












christine havrilla and gypsy fuzz
"none of you" ep  available now!   purchase here


christine havrilla & gypsy fuzz - none of you (album mix)




catch the full band on 1-25-25 at world cafe live! 
							tickets on sale 11/25/24!
							



new lyric video for "today today"!


whats new, wrap up 2024
2024 has been quite exciting for me and the band!  we released the new ep called “none of you” in april of 2024 after working with jim salamone & cambridge sound studios as well as the barn!  thank you so much for the wonderful support & reaction to this rock recording that includes the songs  “none of you”, “today, today”, “fade”, “broken wing”, and “just do you”! vinyl is also here for “none of you” as well!
hey!!!  if you have not seen it yet, check out the new lyric video for "today today", which premiered on july 9th on you tube!  https://youtu.be/whhe5gtbzei?si=roybuihhltzb09nd
while you are on you tube, thanks for clicking like or follow!  i appreciate you doing the same on all social media! it helps to keep the music alive! you rock!
now that the ep is released,  i can focus on live shows where i enjoy sharing music with you so much! after a busy spring, womensfest, and sirens of spring tour, i was able to take a run down south at asheville guitar bar & then with sarah peacock in atlanta, nashville, & birmingham! i also am grateful to have been able to perform with tret fure as well as sirsy in beacon ny and syracuse! the band has enjoyed hitting our favorite venues like milton theatre, rams head on stage, jammin java, and world café live to name a few!  and yes, colleen and i opened for lynyrd skynyrd at musikfest on august 7th in bethlehem, pa!
*my heart goes out to asheville guitar bar for getting flooded in late september…thinking of mark & julie as well as the rest of asheville who are struggling.
 the summer has been kind to us as well as i have performed outdoors at some of my local de beach haunts solo and with colleen clark as a duo, as well as festivals with the band such as central pa festival of the arts and sourland mountain music festival!  
 a big thank you to ocean 98.1 fm for having us live in the studio and to wboc tv-16 delmarva life wboc tv 16! as for live shows….we loved playing quayside/milton theatre summer concerts as a duo! also rehoboth alehouse on the mile with the full band in august as well as the incredible fundraiser havrillapalooza 5 in september! so much kindness, support, love!
kindness goes a long way, as i have been truly shown over the years…i was happy to “give back” with our benefit on 8/4 for code purple, a local shelter in rehoboth beach-you were amazing for being a part of this event! twilight concerts with susan werner was another great highlight in august as well as the maryland folk fest in september! the band filled milton theatre again for a wonderful evening in my hometown and the fall has been full of exciting shows like godfrey daniels, john & peters, steel city + more!
***we wrapped up our holiday show “a not so silent night”, (me + colleen clark and mama’s black sheep) and enjoyed every bit of it! we performed 9 shows in 5 states this year and are already booking 2025 dates! exciting news as well: we all released a holiday cd of 8 songs collectively as group called...you guessed it, "a not so silent night!"  it is available at live shows and aon apple music, goldenrod, spotify, amazon, etc..."river" has gotten some national aaa radio play as well!
my creative juices are still flowing, as i am writing ideas down for new songs for gypsy fuzz as well as some “duo” songs with colleen clark. a little birdie might have spilled the beans about an "acoustic" album being recorded in 2025...!  i'll keep you posted on that exciting news!
the band has been so amazing this year & i want to give them a shout-out:rich bellando, keith giosa, gretchen schultz, colleen, clark, judy mould ( tech), denise hughes (merch)…it takes a tribe & i am very fortunate to have the best!  i need to also acknoweledge our favorite photographers doerthe externest, gary regulski, and tina pastor for capturing special moments for us all year long! and…my web guy marty witiak!
looking ahead, i hope to continue to  connect with current fans, new fans, new music, new discoveries, new opportunities, experiences & continual growth on my part as a musician, writer, producer, business woman, promoter, friend, wife, family member, listener, gypsy, mentor… thank you for saying hello at shows, on facebook & social media, sharing the tour dates, sharing the music…every little bit helps & i am so grateful for you!
~christine
 
 



















privacy policy



support the music
		donations via venmo or paypal go towards christine's music (recording/travels/expenses)... you can give $1.00, $5.00, or whatever you'd like!
		
www.venmo.com/christine-havrilla












allir - therapist by allir





 
writing music for new movie yachatz!








the journal of roots music
 through the lens: women leading the way in roots music
















	 © 2025 boxrilla music. all rights reserved 
	






