
madwoman in the basement











general fandom links
organization for transformative works
an archive of our own
yuletide (for your obscure fanfic needs)

hp links
the archive
walkingtheplank
crackbroom
snapenews
leaky cauldron
ds links
dueslash
dsa (aka ex-wood)
mrks
ds reporter
redshipsgreenships
pg-l

blogs/livejournals
livejournal people
aral
aukestrel
kat
maygra
 robin
shrift
zorrorojo
beth at dreamwidth
beth at insanejournal

random links
arts & letters daily
retroland
oracle of bacon
canadian world  domination
my cat hates you

if you're looking for fanfiction - mostly of the due south and harry potter variety - you've come to the right place.  there's also a variety of fanfiction from other fandoms, if that's your pleasure - plus a huge multi-fandom recs page.  


it's been some time since i've been able to update this site.  for the most current fic and recs, please visit my dreamwidth fic and recs journal

recs recs recs: a work-in-progress.  a recs page for fiction in 100 separate fandoms and counting (here) 
harry potter fiction - snape-centric.  mostly. (here)
due south fiction - fraser/kowalski.  mostly. (here)
due south flashfiction (here)
other fandoms fiction (10th kingdom, beauty and the beast, blackadder, chaucer's canterbury tales, civil war trilogy, doctor who, fables, good omens, house, the lion in winter, quills, wicked, women in love) (here)
multi-fandom random snippets  (here)
all-fandom cinema revival au premise challenge (here)

disclaimer: the characters in these stories do not (repeat: do
not) belong to me. they belong to various corporate
entities and individuals, foremost amongst which are alliance, paul
haggis, paul gross, j.k. rowling. perhaps they wouldn't be entirely thrilled with the way
i'm using their characters, but you know, sometimes the
needs and desires of the characters override the needs and
desires of their creators. 

blanket warning: many of these stories deal with adult relationships (m/m, f/f, and m/f),
occasionally of a graphic nature (although usually not graphic enough,
according to most of my friends). if you are under the age of majority in your locale, go away - or ask your parent/guardian for permission to read.
 



page design by 





