






pine view middle school | helping students reach their highest potential!





























home
school info

academics
administration
behavior supports
bell schedule
dress code
expectation details
ib middle years programme
24-25 supply lists
bus and car rider info
success plan
weekly theme days


parents

apply to volunteer
cafeteria meals
fundraiser opt out
student info change request
student enrollment
parent tools
p.a.r.t
request a parent conference
rycor online payment
report an absence

report absence
absence policies


spirit rock


students

clubs and student groups
incident statement
tech tools
student of the month
lolhs course selection
year 3 projects & activities

year 3 end of year letter
24-25 end of year activities
sign up for end of year 3 activities
community project
history fair
science & engineering showcase




athletics

athletic teams
required athletic clearance forms
security rules and safety requirements


contact

email
who do i contact?
request a counselor appointment


 





select page


  
 



 



 


















mypascoconnect

parent portal

report absence

update contact

what is myp?

year 1 info

new to pvms








 dress code for 24-25

students who are violating the pasco schools dress code will be required to change into clothes that do meet the expectations. if they do not have access to appropriate attire on campus, they will wait in the in-school-suspension room until clothes can be brought to them at school. 
 
 







 devices in 24-25

learn more about devices at pvms
 
 

pasco schools expectation for all middle schools: 
students are to keep their wireless communication devices (wcd*) put away and out of sight and silent before, during, and after the school day while in the classroom, hallways, and cafeteria unless directed by a teacher to use them for instructional uses.
why does this expectation exist?
we want kids to be fully engaged during the school day. schools are designed to be places of safety, learning, and building skills for success in college, careers, and life. the pasco school board has determined that the best way to achieve these goals is to remove access to wcd and refocus students on the task of tasks of learning.
what happens if a student violates these expectations?

first violation: warning and teacher communication home through mystudent.
second violation: discipline referral and a meeting with family to address ongoing concern and check in of wireless communication device** with a recommendation of lunch detention.
third violation: discipline referral and a meeting with family to address ongoing concern and loss of wireless communication device ***with a recommendation of saturday school.
fourth violation: discipline referral and a meeting with family to address ongoing concern and loss of wireless communication device**** with a recommendation of in school suspension.


students who have lost their personal wireless communication device(s) privileges and use another person’s wireless communication device(s) will be considered defiance of authority and corrective action may be noted under 3rd, 4th and/or 5th offenses with continued defiance moving to out-of-school suspension.
students who share their personal wireless communication device(s) and the “borrower” of said wireless communication device(s) will receive corrective action as noted on the continuum of corrective action for wireless communication devices if they breach the wireless communication device policy.

 

*wireless communication device (wcds) are used in this policy and defined in bylaw 0100 and includes peripheral devices that have a wired or wireless connection to the wcd ( e.g.-headphones, earbuds, watches with wireless capabilities, etc.). 
** dependent on the time of the quarter, wireless communication device(s) would be checked-in until progress reports are published and/or end of the following quarter.
*** dependent on the time of the quarter, wireless communication device(s) privileges would be lost until progress reports are published and/or end of the following quarter.
**** dependent on the time of the semester, wireless communication device(s) privileges would be lost until start of next semester and/or if late in the second quarter until the end of the current school year.
 
 

 
 







 district help lines

help is a phone call away.
 
 







 purchase an pvms athletics shirt

https://www.studentquickpay.com/pasco/ 
 
 











questions?
have a question or want to provide feedback?  you’re in the right place!  let’s talk! is designed to streamline communication by giving you a central location to submit a question, concern, or comment. provide your contact information and someone from our school will get back to you very soon.



submit questions









connect with us!
 
 









panther news




healthy hearts activity feb 6 2:45pm-4:30pm

read more



lolhs class of 2029 parent night

read more



boys basketball and girls soccer information

please visit our athletics pages for information about tryouts and seasons. boys basketball  girls soccer    
read more



deadline to buy dance tickets

the deadline to purchase tickets on rycor for the decades dance is thursday, october 24 11:59pm.  the decades dance will be held in our cafeteria right after school on october 28. pick up time starts at 4:30pm in the bus loop north of the campus. *students will not be...
read more




decades dance

the decades dance is $10 plus 100 paws points. first, pay $10 on rycor, then during lunch spend 100 paws points to finalize your ticket. students will receive arm bands for the dance on october 28. we hope you have fun helping your student choose their decade costume!...
read more



car rider drop off time

car rider drop off time begins at 7:50am when staff are present to release lines. thank you for helping us to ensure student safety and supervision. below is an excerpt from principal warren's weekly newsletter with more information for car riders.
read more




assessment calendar

read more




picture day

read more




volleyball tryout update

read more


« older entries





mypascoconnect

navigating middle school

apply to volunteer
 

school year calendar

wellness for students

calendar



report bullying



 







contact us pine view middle school
5334 parkway boulevard
land o' lakes, fl 34639
phone: (813) 794-4800
fax: (813) 794-4891
principal: jennifer warren
map & directions

office hours front office:  8:00am-3:00pm
guidance office: 8:00am-2:50pm
school hours:  8:10am-2:30pm

gtranslategolden school awardsilver school award 

pbis model school winner 



pasco county schools
school listing
 






facebook




x




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 









pasco county schools important links

check acceptance policy (política de aceptación de cheques en español
			)
head start/early head start
individual education plans (iep) and 504 plan concerns
notification of nondiscrimination and accessibility policy
parents' bill of rights
report child abuse
reunification video for parents
uniform assessment calendar













































