











cges – uw center for german & european studies – uw–madison



























 











skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









cges

uw center for german & european studies




search






menu
open menu


close





home
faculty
expand


collapse



cges faculty 2024-2025
affiliated faculty


research
expand


collapse



current research
past research
annual reports


events
opportunities
expand


collapse



opportunities
cges graduate research assistants


news
give
 



uw european studies
 






 





the university of wisconsin-madison center for german and european studies (cges) is a joint effort of faculty representing various disciplines who pursue research and teaching interests in german and european studies. the daad (or german academic exchange service, whose primary funding comes from the german federal foreign office) has been in existence since 1928. our successful grant for calendar years 2024 and 2025 extends the wisconsin-daad interdisciplinary partnership on german and european studies in global context well past a quarter century.
the basic mission of cges is to develop the next generation of scholars and the production of new knowledge relating to germany and europe. cges supports research, teaching, and outreach in a broad range of fields and disciplines, renewed for each funding cycle as global politics, society, and economics change. the center promotes themes covering contemporary germany and europe from transatlantic and often global perspectives, involving faculty, graduate students, and visiting scholars from around the world.
 
cges news
“cultures in motion: migration, exile, and refuge”
humboldt research prize awarded to b. venkat mani
michael georg link visits uw campus
the center for german & european studies marks its twenty-fifth year
european studies hosts european parliamentary delegation on foreign affairs
yearbook 2022 of the centers for german and european studies
the 52nd wisconsin workshop “dis/continuities: german studies and beyond” in honor of marc silberman
“populists and the pandemic: how populists around the world responded to covid-19″with addresses by jan-werner müller and pippa norris
language(s) of politics – new book by jean monnet eu center of excellence for comparative populism director, nils ringe
center for european studies director, professor mark copelovitch, featured in recent episode of “new york time’s the argument.”
european studies hosts author of “all the frequent troubles of our days,” rebecca donner
mildred fish-harnack sculpture dedication to take place september 15th
professor mark copelovitch named director center for european studies
“populists and the pandemic:” year-long lecture series culminates in 2022 routledge volume
announcing jean monnet chair nils ringe’s newest book!  “the european union and beyond: multi-level governance, institutions, and policy-making”
exhibition transformation east. lives in transition: virtual commented visit of the bundesstiftung aufarbeitung’s exhibition “umbruch ost”
prof. mark copelovitch authors new book: banks on the brink
author tanja dueckers: spielzone berlin
professor ulrike guérot: the german presidency of the eu at mid-point
professor francine hirsch launches latest book, soviet judgment at nuremberg: a new history of the international military tribunal after world war ii
professor giuliana chamedes granted sol z. and gisela imm bloomenkranz faculty travel award
history of the carl schurz professorship, by 2020 recipient prof. michael kaeding

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
quick linkscges faculty 2024-2025
current research
affiliated faculty
opportunities
give


contact us213 ingraham hall
1155 observatory drive
madison, wi 53706
 map
map marker


email: europe@international.wisc.edu
phone: 608.265.8040

facebook


x twitter


instagram

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: europe@international.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











