















blog to comm














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar








the blog that holds you in contempt and loathing.












thursday, february 13, 2025






 book review! lolly and pepper: the dell four-color files (gwandanaland comics, 2020)(as you woulda already known after reading my bile for the last umpteen years...) having been a big fan of pre-hippoid comic fare ever since i can remember hopping up on my dad's lap and forcing him to read me the comic page, you can just imagine how interested i was in finding out more about this particular once-somewhat popular yet long-forgotten strip. a pretty hard if not downright herculean task too...it ain't like miss lolly was ever whatcha'd call one of those upper-echelon titles in the pantheon of classic comic greatness that would achieve the same heights as other fifties efforts as peanuts or dennis the menace. t'was just the kind of funny pager whose style and theme would eventually become outdated and thus fizzle the comic into obscurity while only the biggie bigs of the post-ww ii suburban fambly gagsters like hi and lois could manage to hang on. losing plenty in the process but on the comics page they stayed. not that it got that much exposure...i mean when the bunch of us would go on vacations i'd always comb the newspapers not only for local tee-vee listings (always was curious as to how uhf and/or indie-styled stations in other markets differed from the ones i was accustomed to) but to see them strips that had been hanging on years after you thought they would outlive their usefulness... ...and y'know what --- i never came across miss lolly anywhere in the back pages of any fishwrap i could think of! in fact, the only reference to this strip that i'm aware of in years of gathered flotsam/jetsam of books and mags cluttering up my fart-encrusted bedroom (amongst other places) is one mere cameo by the title character's kiddoid brother named "pepper" in the pages of mad. well, as far as these ranch house kiddie comic strips went miss lolly wasn't exactly the nebbs!but i learned slowly but surely. when i got some original comic art to give my cyster for christmas years back there was a miss lolly in the batch. it was a definitely from way later-on in the strip's lifetime and had all of the hallmarks of seventies-era fare in looks as well as content. the style was remarkably different than the lolly you see on the above cover, and the overall idea i got from this particular example was that the comic was an update of sorts on the old workplace strips a la blondie or even winnie winkle for that matter. in my mind of minds lolly was one of those fly-by-night seventies strips that went nowhere and probably got canceled a good five or so years after its inception---how wrong i was!dunno if these dell stories reflect the earlier comic strip much --- i mean the comic book version of beetle bailey didn't exactly live up to the actual item and in many ways was quite lacking --- but this collection was a fine enough introduction to a title i'm sure as shootin' you'd never remember. and from this intro i kinda get the feeling that miss lolly was nothing i would particularly take to my heart in the same way i accepted nancy and sluggo as my own personal saviors (from a life of unfunny droll) as a child, but i like it if only because it does capture the spirit of post-world war ii/pre-hippie suburban slob ranch house living.well, artist pete hansen (or one of his assistants or even some dell staff artist for that matter) was fine with a pen, and even if a lot of the stories dealing with office politics and unruly brats have been long smashed into the ground i found 'em somewhat entertaining even at first glance. by the time i was over and done with the book i found miss lolly extremely entertaining given that the spirit and downright drive of this silver age comic strip was definitely embedded into the suburban slob appeal i definitely am on the lookout for when pouring through these things.sure the entire gist of miss lolly smacks you right in the face from sexy secretary lolly to her grandmother in typical cloth dress with frilly collar and sleeves (who goes by the name "granny"...well, you never did complain o'er the fact that nancy's dog's named "poochie" so don't go putting on airs of intellectual superiority) on to boss mr. quimby who is pretty much indistinguishable from alla them other cringe-inducing comic bosses from mr. dithers on down. but the artwork is satisfying in the same way i find a whole load of these fifties-bred efforts to be, and although the stories have the predictable over-used plots with the expected twists and turns well, it's sure fun to see them storylines dredged up once again 'stead of the castrated and downright unfunny mulch to have been found ever since the major clampdown on offensive material. you remember, the sick and sorry trend in newspaper comics that began with that bailey storyline where general halftrack went to a sensitivity seminar ruining not only that strip but the entire funny page seemingly for good.strict attention should be paid to kid brother pepper who with the ne'er removed hat and small stature comes off looking like a kindergarten bailey while behaving a whole lot like the early and out of control dennis the menace.  not that it means a hill of turds --- while dennis had an anarchistic feeling and spirit that made the overall'd one so outrageous pepper just comes off grating and downright annoying. his antics are just as out-there as dennis' were during the early days, but there is nothing likable to this kid who pulls one dumb boner and kiddoid trick after another which only makes you wanna splatter his guts on the sidewalk. despite the amount of carnage he delivers, the little turdburger's more irritating rather than har-har. well, at least pepper ain't spared the rod and often gets the what-for unlike dennis, whose parents seem to dismiss even his worst transgressions with the ol' "aw shucks" treatment i sure wish i experienced during my own growing up days!like i said, there's nothing that much different plot-wise to make miss lolly stand out next to the other comics that were competing for page space. many of the tales have to do with pepper's misconduct such as when he handcuffs himself to grandma so he could go on an outing or becomes the owner of a large and over-protective dog who shows vicious propensities whenever the kid's in for a lickin'. older 'n old hat true, but the spiffy and by now ancient style makes this one about as fun to read as...well, those early-seventies marvel comics reprints of various old atlas-era kiddie comic strips which i guess had their moments if only because stan lee knew how to swipe an idea and milk it for all it was worth!i know most all of you 'cept for wade oberlin couldn't care one whit, and that's your own problem i guess. still, i find a collection of a comic character like lolly, who sure ain't gonna get the fantagraphics treatment, not only quite historical but downright time-wastin' fun! hey, what else are you gonna do on your sunday afternoons anyway...watch some dull sports game or movie on the tube, go bicycle riding, or settle down in your room with a bowl of cheetos on the floor and miss lolly in the palm of your yellowed up hands! anybody out there who wouldn't just love snuggling up with this 'un better turn in his archie club press card and badge and like right now!




posted by
christopher stigliano


at
9:53 am


2
comments




 















friday, february 07, 2025






once again, here's that blog which is really gonna suffer (maybe even go out of
business) now that alla them usaid dollars that have been pumping it up o'er the past few years have
been eliminated. of course i won't let something as significant as that stop me from getting one of these out so soon knowing how you readers just pine away
waiting for these "megaposts" to hit the screens, and since i didn't want any of
you to do anything rash in the meanwhile i thought i'd hurry it up a bit. naturally i had to tear myself away from all of those
dragnet and rifleman reruns i repeatedly tune into (you
just can't get enough drowned babies in bathtubs), and some people out there say that i just don't do enough
sacrificin' for all of my dear and near readers! so like, here's one for
all of you who think that i'm in this only for the fun and jamz with no care
for the thoughts and needs of you people out there in etherland!


***

      maybe we should be frightened by the advent of ai and a 1950s-esque sci fi
      future where the machines slowly but surely enslave all of use organic
      types, but gosh darn if i just love using this brand spanking new
      technology in ways that really are more fun than locking oneself in the
      bathroom. ai's the way for any of us to fulfill our ideas by fleshing 'em
      out in ways that our limited craniums (well, speaking for
      myself that is) could never conjure up no matter how hard we
      slip the ol' thinking caps on, and if you're curious enough and want to
      see just how things might turn out, or how they would have had reality had
      turned out differently than it did, then going on an ai site where you can
      just peck a few words in and marvel at the wonders that result it just the
      thing for all of us!
    


      the following pics were inspired by my father's reactions to various lines
      in old sitcoms from the sixties and seventies where the infamous
      automobile the edsel (for you young'uns, a major humiliation for the ford
      motor company 1958-60) would be mentioned as part of some usually lame gag. the
      phrase "that went out with the edsel" (a riff on the once-oft used "that
      went out with the bustle") was occasionally used, as were references to
      the automobile in various punchlines back when memories of that particular
      automotive failure was still fresh in many people's minds.
    


      but what used to get dad really uptight was when a line about an edsel
      from a model year when it was not in production would
      be uttered! personally i always thought such gaffes were errors on the
      part of the actors who couldn't remember the correct date in the
      script and hadda do some ad libbing, but when gale gordon would mention
      something about "a 1939 edsel" on here's lucy boy did dad go off on
      a tangent about these scriptwriters not knowing beans about automobile
      history! i remember a 1962 edsel once getting namedropped (that also got
      dad hot and bothered!) wondering...what would one look like? well, all these years later ai can finally solve for us such a
      problem thus ending years of puzzlement and perhaps downright anxiety on
      my part.
    


      the following are some of ai's ideas as what the 1961 edsel would have
      been if actually "fleshed out"---pardon the slight lack of symmetry in
      some of these examples this being the early, virgin days of the form:
    



















    hmmmm, these renditions, especially the final one which would have aped the
    pontiac grille of the following year the same way the '60 edsel swiped from
    the '59 pontiac, seem to be somewhat close to what the reality just might
    have been. however, the third one does come too close to comfort to the '60
    oldsmobile. but what about 1962? (the first one reminds me a whole lot of
    the 1963 prince gloria):
    




 
      


boy am i getting carried away! now onto 1963:
    













and now, in homage to both gale gordon and my father, here are
    some 1939 edsels!:

























      now for a brief change of scenery, a rendition of another long-lost make,
      the 1961 packard (i attempted to see what 1967 and '69 studebaker larks
      would have looked like but all i got were opel kadetts and vauxhall
      victors)!:
    






      and here's a 1963 packard-ghia (was expecting a way-sportier looking
      model---this 'un comes off more 1958 with some 1960 plymouth tossed in but
      wha' th' hey)!:
    







      all i gotta say is aldous huxley just hadda've wrong all along
      because it's gonna be a
      funzie new
      world! 
    
***






            reading material from the afternoon of february 2, 2025-i cracked open a box of fanzines and whatnot while spinning records
          during a nice 'n snowy day and y'know what i found?
          throat culture #'s 2 and 3...i really like their layout
          and definitely neo-creem feel which, for an early
          'nineties rag, reminds me more of some of the late-seventies/early
          eighties under-the-underground efforts that were definitely influenced
          by that once-esteemed detroit mag. good 'nuff attitude especially
          given the sorry state of rockscribing and general lack of true
          punkitide that was abundant during them times. the lester bangs ish
          (#2) a work in itself as is the other 'un despite the chuck eddy
          interview and contributions from both eddy and the equally
          self-important richard riegel, both of whom i hope are having ongoing
          seizures now that trump is president. and editor rob o'connor had the
          nerve to drop my article on bootleg cassettes because the leonard
          cohen interview ran longer'n expected! these things
          do happen but for some strange reason i believe he was
          just saying this as an excuse not to run my definitely subpar
          contribution and didn't want to hurt my feelings. that's not what gets me...what does is the fact that
          o'connor scammed a load of money for an ad of mine he was to have run
          in a nonexistent future issue and boy could i use that $$$ right about
          now! well, his behavior does make me glad that i woke his father up
          some late night when rob wasn't home and got the old coot pretty mad!
          the new york rocker (july/august 1980)-this is the ish that
          sold out pronto so i hadda borrow a copy which goes to show you just
          how unlucky i can be. a pretty on-target sans the sentimental
          goo seen today tribute to the velvet underground appears, though most
          of the rest goes to remind me as to just how a good portion of this
          under-the-underground music was starting to get somewhat ginchy (and not in an edd "kookie" byrnes way) at the
          time. maybe if the editors spent more time writing up acts like
          von lmo and sorcerers and less hyping the b-52s. psychotronics
          #39 and #40 - these are the weekly bulletins that michael weldon put
          out, not the magazine of renown that appeared a good eight years
          later. nice hand-printed layout similar to weldon's movie list that
          appeared in a 1977 issue of cle. brings back fond memories of
          how some people with a good enough antenna and stations worthy of
          tuning in could get some mighty good television entertainment w/o
          paying the usually exorbitant cable and dish prices.
          son of biohazard informae - fred mills (a guy who cut me
          off when his precious socio-political feelings were being bruised by
          my thankfully counter-the-counterculture opines ---  eh!)
          and his post biohazard which, this time, is mostly
          made up of letters from various fanzine types telling us lumps why
          they feel compelled to do such things as make their opinions known in
          the first place. quite sparkling if i do say so myself even if mills
          never would sell me the original biohazard rag (he
          said they were sold out---right charlie!). eurock (some
          early-eighties or so issues) - always good to read about continental
          acts like etron fou leloublan and the plastic people of the universe.
          the punk attitude of earlier issues when names like the velvet
          underground and stooges were mingled amid those like guru guru and
          amon duul as if they were all part of the same vast conspiracy (they
          were) is sadly missing. still a nice slab of music history dangled in
          front of my eyes. osmotic tongue pressure #3 - another
          fanzine with a late-seventies feel and strut in a blanded out 90s
          world. could have used more of that punk spout i personally like but
          eh. did i tell you that i actually felt sadness when i heard that
          editor mike kinney croaked? probably the last time i will feel bad
          when finding out that any other 'zine editor has passed this veil of
          boo-hoos!
        
***

obit time: i thought jules feiffer had died ages ago and
          was totally surprised to find out that he passed away at the ripe old
          age of 95 a good few weeks back. here's a guy i will say i have mixed
          feeling about...he does get his bonus points for having worked with
          wil eisner on the spirit as well as for writing that book
          on the golden age of superhero comics that was a pre-teenbo fave of
          mine. however, who can forget his self-titled comic that appeared in
          the village voice (won't stick any retches in between
          "village" and "voice" since that mag has been de-fanged long ago
          having about as much relevance these days as ms.) that was big
          with each and every wannabe nyc chi-chi snob i ever ran into. 
        


          in case you don't recall the long-running feiffer comic
          strip well, it was one of those big anti-right/middling
          political rants being made by yet another off-the-rails new york
          liberal type who, unlike fellow nyc liberal dave berg, didn't seem
          befuddled by the way things were evolving and pretty much dove head first into the even newer than the
          new left brigades as time passed. his knock you over the head preachy and stereotype-riddled
          comics were, if anything, the precursor to what most baby-boomer (and
          a few generations after) political strips eventually
          evolved into...mainly unfunny (and un-convincing since being funny doesn't always matter as long as one is trying to be snide) tirades against the usual pastiches of
          whatever was offending the various do-gooder types who were always on
          the lookout for some target they could definitely feel superior to.
        


          i remember one incident involving feiffer that still gets me chucklin'
          lo these many years later. it was during the early-eighties when, in a
          strip dealing with a working man type angry over the fact that the
          ethnic and racial slurs he uses are no longer savvy, feiffer used that
          word to describe people of african heritage that rhymes with roy
          rogers' horse in an attempt to make his point or something along those pitiful
          lines. naturally he included such a word in order to mock the knuckle-dragging mentalities of blue collar men who
          have to put in long hours for a fraction of the pay i'm sure feiffer
          was earning, but the reaction the cartoonist ended up getting was...well,
          perhaps just what one would expect given the tight-twatted mentalities
          of the kind of people who read the vv for reasons other than
          the various arts and music writeups. it turns out that in the
          following ish of that esteemed fishwrap there was a somewhat large ad
          taken out decrying feiffer's ill-choice of wordage that was signed by
          a whole slew of contributors and other hanger-onners (members of
          various radical left pressure groups etc.), all written up in that haughty "virtue
          signaling" way that you would expect from either self-anointed en why
          see revolutionaries or graduates of quaker colleges. y'know, it sure
          is fun watching these people in their quest to take their altruism to
          new heights eat each other in their particularly backstabbing,
          heartless ways. and i should know all about being backstabbed in
          particularly heartless ways believe you me!
        


          eh, i'll give him the credit for his early comic book work. and who
          knows, maybe he was a neat guy to talk to 'n all, but somehow, given
          his portrayals of the working class, conservatives or whatever he
          thought conservatives were, anti-feminists and generally
          non-feiffer types i sincerely doubt it, unless you were exactly
          like him that is.
        


          then there's that walking medicine cabinet marianne faithfull who also did the 86 a week or so back. surprised she lived so
          long given her penchant for the powdery stuff, but her beautifully
          off-key version of "as tears go by" continues to satisfy even more
          than the stones' syrupy take (never really cozied up to "broken
          english" to be as honest as brad kohler about it). a woman who was to
          mars bars what monika lewinsky was to coronas.
        
***

          i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts this time, with quite a few that i
          actually purchased if you can believe it. the ones i didn't were
          burned by paul mcgarry and robert forward, and if i find 'em in the
          mess of my bedroom maybe a few others.
        







sun ra-disco 3000 2-cd set (art yard records)


            bought this 'un because i wanted to hear ra in a small group setting
            where he and john gilmore, marshall allen and a few of the other
            regs were more up front and glaring. no allen here but it
            turns out that this expanded edition of the old
            disco 3000 release (live in milan 1978) is just the kind
            of effort i was down in the trenches for! 
          

            forget the obvious fact that the title that a title such as the one being used was merely an attempt to sucker the trendies in the same way hitler called his
            movement "national socialism" because socialism was hot potatoes at
            the time and well, it sounded up-to-date 'n all even if it had
            little to do with the actual socialist setup. but anyway, this sorta
            disco's got nothing to do with lighted dance floors and dagos in white
            suites one bit! its just more of ra during one of his thankfully
            less lucid moments along with gilmore as well as two guys newer to
            the ra-sphere, mainly michael ray on trumpet (he also did the neeto
            autobiographical booklet notes) and drummer luqman ali, someone who
            must've played exclusively on ra's eyetalian jaunt because i
            couldn't find anything else about him on the web. not that i was
            exactly doing a
            thorough search.
          

            who cares, since these two disques are pretty hotcha ra doing his
            old faves with some new interplanetary buzz thrown in. as far as my
            bean can recall ra and gilmore never let any of us down (gotta find
            some of those seshes with gilmore as leader, not to mention his
            performance with allen as well as steve lacy at the old cbgb 313
            gallery hinthinthint!). the new guys fit in swell enough---i guess they watched all of
            those films about various philosophical doo-dah and teaching statues
            how to sing...and understood them. but as you all could
            guess, this is more of that heavy duty ra (as if there ever was
            light ra), and although this might not be worth your getting if
            you're low on the moolah and there's so much of the guy's work out
            there to sample, splurging would be advised.
          
***




ornette coleman & prime time-tone dialing cd (verve records)


            i approached this later-on prime time album with some trepidation,
            or at least caution considering that it was recorded during a time
            when even the new jazz thing was being co-opted by influences both
            brilliant (punk) and feh (rap). t'would figure that the latter would
            be utilized on track #2 "search for life" which woulda made your
            typical rock critic of the day (1995) do some major league bvd
            creaming, but for me it just dates the thing to a time and place i'd
            prefer to get out of my mind. eh, some of it like the bach prelude
            is very pretty (the irregular drum beat sorta keeps it from being a
            total tip to the classical bent) before heading into a more
            appropriate atonal sphere. "miguel's fortune", "ying yang", "family
            reunion" and "badal" traipse somewhat into the punk funk realm to
            satisfy alla you early-eighties lower manhattan wannabe junkies.
            overall it ain't what i would call top notch, but it's good enough
            even if it does have some of them 80s/90s hallmarks of superslick
            sound and production that always irritate anti-hi-fi nuts like
            myself.
          
***




various artists-brown acid - the seventeenth trip cd-r burn
            (originally on riding easy records)


            here's some brown acid you should take! a collection of what a few
            of us just might call authentic late-sixties and beyond hard psych that
            reminds me a whole lot of cold sun without the autoharp or those
            noisy guys from down the street your mother always sneered at
            wond'rin why mrs. fafoofnik didn't march her son straight to the
            barber shop. you get everything from downright organ-dominated
            garage band romp to an ode to smokey the bear and (as if it would be
            any surprise) some lightweight pandering to the occult. this might come off a little too "get down" for my own and perhaps your tastes, but gosh-it-all if i find these
            tracks a whole lot more getcha down the esophagus than some of the
            sounds that were supposed to replace this type of music. if your
            idea of a local group singles compilation is more in line with the
            back from the grave series its best you steer clear.
          
***




phuong tam-magical nights cd-r burn (originally on subliminal
            frequencies records)


            no "hey joe, you got chew gum" jokes here! mid-sixties viet
            sensation doin' the pop slop for local tastes and perhaps even a few
            restaurants. good sexy slush that recalls a whole load of early
            memories of short wave radio dial spinning, only without the static.
            somehow i could just see tam singing for a bunch of drunk and
            rambunctious amerigan soldiers at some seedy dive, wond'rin why she
            ever decided to lower herself like this in the first place. if
            "sukiyaki" had only opened the floodgates of far eastern pop maybe
            some of these would have made the top ten. but do be
            careful...listen to enough of this and you might feel like
            committing an atrocity!
          
***




the american dream lp (ampex records)


            this late-sixties todd rundgren-produced platter never did snuggle
            itself into some nice 'n comfy place in the annals of
            obscurer-than-thou lost rockist efforts. sad to say, but the
            american dream just weren't as high energy as i and perhaps even you
            would have hoped from an obscure act of the distant past, one that had
            all of the hallmarks of punk promise but ended up like just any other close but no cigar group that cluttered up a flea market bin for years on end. these dreamers really don't hit the same heights
            of 60s/70s cusp cataclysm music the same way their equally obscure
            compatriots like black pearl and hackamore brick did---quite a shame
            given how they seemed as if they'd come off as a nice, straight
            ahead rock group at least judging from the tiny bit of prior hearsay
            that has been goin' on 'round 'em. at times the dream remind me of a
            gutsier nazz and they had the potential to perform some outright
            scream-out trackage, but for some reason it seems as if someone's
            holding them back. gee, i wonder who...

***





borbetomagus-sauter, dirtrich, miller, doherty cd; sauter,
            dietrich, miller cd (agaric records)


            there've been so many of these borbetomagus spinners comin' out
            during the group's lifespan (and after i s'pose) for me to keep up
            with, so when i pick what's best for me boy do i pick carefully given the
            sparsity of cool cash comin' my way! decided to settle with these
            two which just happen to be the first two borbetomagus albums, here re-released in digitized form. there ain't much on these v.
            late-seventies/early-eighties recordings that differentiate these
            borbetomagus platters from most of the later ones i've heard other'n
            the presence of electronics player brian doherty on the first (and
            one track on #2) and well, if you are the type of
            he-man who likes your avgarde on the atonal free-side of things boy
            are these disques just right for you. free play jazz teetering into
            the 'classical" with a rage that reminds me of some of the early amm
            thingies i've heard in the past magnified about a thousand-fold. if
            you're serious about this stuff these just might be but one starting,
            or ending for that matter, place to go.
          
***

            y'know, i coulda written the great amerigan novel, cured hemorrhoids
            and bought out the candy store and given it to the poor and
            still nobody would give me my honest to goodness just dues (as if i really could give a hoot)! but i
            did create a fanzine called black to comm and although i should have gotten some notoriety for that
            (not that i was particularly looking for any --- having
            fun was the first and foremost reason i did the thing) let's just
            say that i got
            negative dues ifyaknowaddamean. if you're curious as to
            why, well why not click on the highlighted link above and see what
            all the ruckus is about, bucky!
          







    overseas readers...beware the hefty postage and duty costs and ask about
    purchasing only if you are extremely serious and extremely rich for that matter. and don't be
    rude...i go to the post office with every made-up parcel to get the honest
    low down on how much it all will cost you (that involves time and gasoline!)
    and i absolutely hate 1) people who act all serious and then fail to notify
    me that they can't afford their order and 2) people who won't even respond
    after expressing interest leaving me in the lurch! seen there have been way
    too many of you types doing just this these past few years and well, the
    less of you that i have to put up with the better i say!
  






posted by
christopher stigliano


at
9:07 am


1 comments




 















saturday, february 01, 2025







time for yet another fanzine fanabla!!!


  the fanzine pickins seem to be drying up what with the crucial mags that i'm
  on the search for either too obscure or too expensive for my bread and water
  budget. i do manage to snag a few good 'un's here/there, and like when i do
  you know that it's a time for heavy duty rejoicing 'round these parts! i mean,
  frankly what else would there be to toss the cornflakes about given my rather
  snoozeville existence where instant pudding is cause for celebration! here're just a few of the fanzines that i've managed to
  obtain within the last few months that i think you'll want to read about, that
  is if you like me and fredric wertham are fans of the do-it-yourself
  publications that have been cluttering up various modes of fandom for the past
  ninetysome years!

***




prime catch of the post just has to be the second issue of a fanzine that i have
praised to the hilt many-a-time, mainly panache. reg'lar readers'll
remember just how much i've raved about this long-running english mag in a
number of fanzine fanablas, and unlike many a crudzine that made it out during
the days of punk, hardcore and any variant that lives on even to this day these
issues hold up like an iron bra. even with the lapses into mainstream cornball
tastes these early panaches read like a good seventies fanzine shoulda,
and #2 ain't no different what with the heavy duty froth that mick mercer packs
into each and every review and fave group namedrop, as if you didn't already
know that after reading my previous reviews of this esteemed publication.


  the putdown of human dungheap julie burchill's own panache putdown
  was a fantab way to open the rag, especially when you consider my general
  loathing of the gal and her long history of hipster
  better-than-everything-on-the-face-of-this-earth snobdom. but dried out hags
  aside this ish roars on like a steamroller in a don martin cartoon. given the
  pure unadulterated fact that this came out in england and in 1977, ish #2 acts
  more like a genzine a la tb sheets than one devoted to any
  particular music style or sub-genre (a fact mentioned in my review of #1 in
  the previous ff but given you readers' short attention spans i thought it best
  to reiterate!). sure there's ample space given to the bigger up and cummers of
  the day like generation x and the damned, but there's also a rather large
  review of frankie miller's latest spinner as well as a piece on
  ex-family/then-current streetwalker roger chapman, a guy who never really did
  anything for me given how his brand of prog rock never hit any bullseyes in my
  musical psyche but eh. the results, especially compared with those
  "punkzines" who were definitely into "the superficial aspect of the quest",
  are quite refreshing.


  hefty kudos are also in store for the nick drake article. now i don't care for
  the guy or at least what i have lent my lobes to regarding his depressing
  catalog, but writing a piece on this singer/songwriter in '77, years before
  the big drake revival that seemed to overcome alla you fanzine/blog types,
  does earn mercer some bonus points for doing something "hip" a good twentysome
  years before the rest of us latcher-onto types ever caught on.


  as with the other early panaches there are loads of bootleg reviews
  although the acts reviewed like the eagles, boz scaggs, fleetwood mac (the
  bigtime-era stevie nicks mac that is) and steve miller do lend to a sort of
  puzzlement on my behalf. and a review of pink floyd at some wembly show really
  doesn't help the mag's "cool" quotient much, but why should anyone care since
  this second ish is nice to thumb through, somewhat readable and next to some
  of those nth-dimensional fanzines i've seen in the eighties and beyond it sure
  has a nice sway and spark to it. plus it sets the pace for the next few issues
  which i find exemplary in the realm of 1977 english music fanzines which claim
  to exude some punk aesthetic.

***



well, whaddaya know! yet another issue of jungleland has
made its way to my farted up bedroom and like well, yeah, i really woulda
preferred some of the very early issues which focused more on a
howshallwesay mid-seventies breed of fanzine aesthetic (see
panache mention above) but i sure can enjoy this #6 with about as
much love and might as one could muster up. content-wise there really ain't much
to differentiate jungleland from a slew of then-contemporary rock
fanzines but then again well, so what since the spirit and fervor found in
this 'un matches the same sorta passion that one would have found in such
competitors as the next big thing and
back door man around the same time. good enough overall coverage
that will remind many of us oldsters about all of the fun we had pouring through
bootleg bins on the search for the latest patti smith live effort or our plain
curiosity about what groups with names like the adverts or saints actually
sounded like. kinda makes me wish i was born to superrich people and could live
that spendthrift decadent lifestyle i always admired even if i woulda ended up
like a veggie in a worse condition than j. paul getty iii even!
***

  for years i actually believed that i was the only person within at least a
  fifty-mile radius that enjoyed the kinda music and moom pitchers and other
  definitely suburban slob things that i did. really, i couldn't imagine there
  was anybody other'n myself in the not-so-immediate area who listened to the velvet
  underground and watched old black and white television programs and stayed up
  late for creature feature because like --- well --- the
  people who surrounded me were way bigger snobs than i ever would have thought walked god's green earth. most all of
  'em were (and perhaps remain) the kinda jagovs who upped their noses at the
  raw and alive sounds and actually creamed bvds if they found out the library
  had a backlog of rolling stone mags. y'know, people who
  actually listened to and enjoyed foreigner. you've heard about 'em but you
  never thought they'd move into your neighborhood.




    you can imagine my surprise when i discovered that
    there were a few cool nabobs of positivity hanging around
    in the area and that a good portion of 'em might have even lived within
    walking distance! joseph johnson didn't (and perhaps even doesn't) live in the immediate vicinity but his magazine 3:am was
    published within a relatively close proximity to where i reside and like, i
    really do find that 'un a huge surprise in itself. i guess
    there were folk other'n myself who were staying up late for
    low budget horror flicks, and it's more'n just obvious that johnson was but
    just one as this title devoted to reviews of those low-grade horror mooms
    this reading audience undoubtedly loves proves
  


    this guy must have had a load of buckskins overflowing in his wallet given
    the plethora of films that he either hadda buy or rent, cinematic excursions
    that might not have popped up at your local cement block they call a theatre
    but if you knew which channels to tune into or went to one of those lower
    class urban hangouts where the guy sitting next to you puts his hand on your
    knee you probably saw more'n just your fair share of these! thankfully the
    rise of video rental spaces helped the cause somewhat and hey, nowadays you
    can even tune into a good portion of these mooms free via youtube so yeah,
    you can say we've come a long way baby from them days when the local tee-vee
    stations decided to ax these classic low-fi wonders in favor of --- whatever
    it is that is being shown these days as if i ever would tune in even if
    there was a tornado warning!
  




    lotsa cheap-o horror, sci-fi and even a few teenbo gone wrong flicks get
    the 3:am treatment here, and it's sure boff reading someone
    else's opinions regarding these kinda films that sure were a whole lot more
    satisfying than all of those bigtime h-wood efforts that women with names
    like pauline and judith used to moisten orifice over. for a guy like myself
    who always got those throb
    tingles from old television shows that were fun beyond belief and the mooms
    that the audience for these films were catered to you can just bet i like
    pouring through this, catching up on the kinda flickers that seemed to
    vanish once the concepts of childhood and teendom were obliterated and
    people were just born small adults 'r somethin'.
  


    but as the tee-vee commercials say there's more for besides the truckload of film writeups there's a portion
    of 3:am devoted to the kinda music only lowlife scum and
    pariahs like ourselves could go for! after all, johnson himself admits that
    he wanted to be iggy pop during his high stool years and in my mind that
    sure beats junior achievement! in fact, 3:am is dedicated
    to none other'n lester bangs and, as johnson himself writes at the beginning
    of the music section:
    
      'n although i associate (edouard) dauphin with the likes of rick johnson
      and the post-bangs crew at that mag (even though i do think creem's demise
      began when bangs was still on the masthead --- some of those '76 issues
      weren't exactly tippy-top!) i sure can get into the gist of what johnson
      is trying to relate to us high energy rock fans during a time when funtime
      "culture" pretty much tumbled into a valley of mediocrity that we never
      have arisen from. people/acts like the (original) rolling stones, roky
      erickson, the stooges and moving sidewalks get the huzzahs here while
      local legends sister ray's no way to express gets the pan which only makes
      me hope that johnson is packing some heat if he ever makes his way to
      youngstown ohio and someone recognizes him! brave move on his part --- i
      wouldn't have the courage to do what he did nosireebob!
    
    even though what the man has written above may not be whatcha'd call "historically accurate" (i mean, hardly anybody
    in youngstown ohio [one of the worst places ever for a rock 'n roll fan to
    exist] ever knew of let alone cared who sister ray were), i wonder how
    johnson feels about the currently revived (for the nth time) creem. 'd hate
    to even broach that subject 'round him.
  



      i thought i had another ish of this somewhere in the fanzine pile but i
      can't locate it. i can't even remember if i wrote it up somewhere
      (googling my own blog never helped or else i wouldn't have re-reviewed
      records i wrote up twenny years back!) but if i ever do find it boy, you
      can bet that i'll be locking myself in the bathroom with something
      other'n a catalog of john koch nudes!
    

***


  other'n for kicks and the early mimeo'd issues of
  who put the bomp! i gotta admit that i really don't care one whit
  for many of the fanzines that concentrate all of their energies on the
  pre-moptop era of rock 'n roll. too many of 'em like stormy weather,
  one of the original standard bearers for fifties-rock mags, were just too
  staid and restrained (in no way reflecting the style of music that was being
  discussed) while many of the english ones that i possess come of rather
  textbook-y if i do say so myself. only rollin' rock had a crazed
  fannish swing to it which i gotta say captured everything that was boss and
  hep about a music and an era which seemed to get washed away by the tide of
  yeah yeah yeah never to return. or so we thought, though when it
  did it was just
  more rehash for the happy days crowd.





that's why i had a teeny weeny bit of trepidation regarding snatching up an ish
of paul's record magazine, one of them rags that was also heavy duty on
the entire fifties/sixties rock 'n roll craze with a good twenty or so years of
rear-view mirror hindsight that tended to put things in what one would call a
normal perspective. had a choice to choose from and settled on this particular
one because none other than the mexican/american rock 'n roll act the premiers
of "farmer john" fame got the ol' cover spot and like, better them than the
millionth article on chuck berry.


  nice choice, but the problem is that this is not the same buncha
  premiers who recorded "farmer john" but a new york vocal act who had actually
  been around since '56, yeah, the disappointment really set in, especially when
  i thumbed through the article and saw the group members' then-current pix
  showin' 'em in matching tuxedos, nylon hair and awk those flavor saver
  mustaches! looked like a buncha bad snaps of some mid-seventies groom with his
  best man and consort all ready for the big day! 


  no doubt about it paul's record magazine was a collector's as
  opposed to fandom (in the best possible non-catalog number/foreign picture
  sleeve way) oriented magazine complete with discographies and articles on all
  of those wonderful hacks who were covering and imitating buddy holly thus
  turning his memory into total mush. still there are some bright moments in
  here, such as an article on jerry vance, the guy who was involved with lou
  reed at pickwick records writing a whole slew of songs later to be
  immortalized once people discovered vance's reed connection. also interesting
  is a brief and positive mention of eddie and the hot rods which should account
  for some sort of fanzine no prize if there were some such sort of thing.


  nice professional print job and saddle-stabled color papered cover which
  reminds me of the third issue of what goes on if you dare to
  ask. don't think that any of the other paul's record magazines that are
  available would be worth snatching up but still, it was a rather worthy
  fanzine effort at least for the record collecting, fifties loving audience
  that was bound to eat it all up.

***

reviewsit was a fanzine that seemed to get its fair share of
  coverage if you go by the writeups that used to pop up in bomp!, but
  the first ish of this i got (reviewed on a by-now twenty-year-old post on this
  very blog) didn't quite make it out to be whatcha'd call a top contender. no
  pix and nothing but reviews of some of the then-contemporary records (talking
  mid/late-seventies) that only reminded me about the less-enthralling moments
  of that best/worst of times era. this '76 ish ain't that much better but eh, i
  still love the thing to pieces.  eight pages (inc. the cover) with
  nothing but critiques of acts by people who i'm sure you'd spit upon had you
  seen them on the streets, but so what because they are way better people than
  any of you so-called "readers" tend to be and like i cherish their existence
  way more than i do yours.





redwing (who were still going somewhat strong long after their '71 debut) pop up
on the cover, and although i didn't like what i have heard of 'em i feel that
they are a way more worthy choice for a cover spot than had some other seventies
bubbling under of lesser worth made them pages. the overall choice of subject
matter for review shows just how bland them days could have gotten although a
writeup of the boize single does offer a glimmer of hope. 


  despite the fact that you'll have to struggle through reviews of everything
  from skyhooks and other direct-to-cutout yawners at least reviewsit's
  got some life to it, not to mention one-time flash contributor
  larry keenan who i sure wish got around a whole lot more back in them days
  when the likes of mikal gilmore and ben fong torres seemed to be the ideals
  that most "rock critic" wannabes seemed to aspire to.

***

  the early age of rock fanzines sure gave us a load of mags that time has
  surely let slip through its sieve-like mind. of course everybody remembers the
  early editions of crawdaddy and perhaps creem before
  it "evolved" into a solid contender to rolling stone, but
  mother outta texas and boston's vibrations seem to be
  comparatively forgotten while those very early issues of
  new haven rock press seem to be obscurer than obscure. but other'n
  nhrp (still in its home mimeograph stage) these mags tended to be
  somewhat professional with high quality paper, clear reproduction and at times
  even a glossy cover.





anyway got this rarity offa internet archives which is a place that just might
end up being the go-to for rare and oft-ignored ancient fanzines that most of
the time we never even knew existed in the first place. with a title like
pop-see-cul maybe i shouldn't be expecting much, but i gotta say
that what i found on the inside of this montreal read was whatcha'd call rather
for the norm as far as these early rock fanzines go.


  nothing that outta
  the fanzine ordinary what with the same kinda reviews of the same big names
  inna biz, but it does have its swing. can't recall most of the names that put
  this '67 effort out (#5. june-july) but st least one ring out and that is the
  late juan rodriguez, a montrealer who not only ended up getting a big city
  paper gig but was a close pal of none other than r. meltzer back when prince
  pudding himself was roaming the burgh in the mid-seventies. you can add up at
  least a few goody-good points to pop-see-cul for that little fact
  alone.


  actually most all of the writing is par for the course. unfortunately there is
  no meltzer here to punkify the proceedings but the articles and reviews are
  pretty snat in themselves and the mag does sport a paul butterfield interview
  which, considering this was done up during the days of the classic
  east-west platter, was definitely whatcha'd call a major coup.
  reviews of the stones, byrds and spoonful (the latter one by rodriguez) 
  aren't anything outta the ordinary but still a whole lot more palatable than
  the offal one would read in any choice college paper from then on. and if i
  forgot to tell you about the two-page piece on andy warhol and company (with
  snaps of the velvet underground and donovan reading over nico's shoulder) then
  shame on moi!


  bad parts include a short story that started off dismal-like though might have
  gotten better if i had only continued reading it, as well as more'n a few
  tears being spilled over the vietnam thingie which isn't bad
  per-se but badmouths lbj, and you know just how much those campus
  radicals who loathed the guy in '67 just started slobbering all over him
  saying what a wonderful fanabla he was only a mere ten years later! an
  interview with paul krassner ain't that much of a drawing point for me either
  and like, why the reprints? i mean, the dylan piece from
  crawdaddy wasn't exactly something that you would call a rarity,
  though the lou reed/angus maclise piece on indian music from the
  aspen box wasn't exactly hitting the front porches so that was a
  rerun that i'm sure many people could've found beneficial.

***

  i might have said that bucketfull of brains was one of the more
  boff fanzines to come out of merrie olde in one of my earlier fanablas, but
  then again maybe not. too lazy to do the research myself, but anyway this mag
  was one of them winners that just showed you the wide ranging influence that
  zigzag had on the english fanzine scene whether it be via attitude
  or layout. and like zigzag,
  bucketfull of brains transcended the typical 5-10 issue lifespan
  of many a rock 'n roll oriented home-produced mag going on and on and on even
  until the present day which only goes to show you that in the world of
  fanzines there can be whatcha'd call real deal success stories, unlike what
  has transpired with a few other piddling efforts that have sprung up o'er the past fortysome years.





this issue #48...fancy schmancy cover unlike the plain and pleasing ones that
graced the first twenty or so. professional typesetting too which sorta lacks
the charm that the early typewriter-pecked efforts gave us. and as for the
content well, it's finer than fine if you ask me with the infamous english mod
group the action featured on the cover as well as pieces on the usual acts that
fit into the entire bucket mindset. now some of these performers i
don't really care much about but others (like kim fowley, a guy who i once
called the uncle dudley of rock 'n roll which is something that all you captain
marvel fans out there will understand) are rather good considering the
whacked-out-ness of the subject matter.


  the usual gang of idiots are writing the innards of this as well, some who i
  can't really can't relate to while others like jeremy gluck are still around
  like some old friend you can depend on for a real deal musical analysis. 
  and sheesh, although a good portion of the acts mentioned in these pages are
  either unknown to me or just don't ring the bell of interest i gotta love the
  way it is all laid out and presented to its niche audience, proving that if
  there's an audience for something out there someone is just
  bound to cater to it.

***




besides panache and jungleland i've been getting hold of
plenty of whatcha'd call fanzines devoted to the late-seventies/early-eighties
take on what punk rock was s'posed to be about, and thankfully (considering the
myriad assortment of downright turdburgers out there) some of 'em are doozies! i
dunno if you can call forget it! a top notch upper echelon type of
home produced punk mag but i sure dig this low budget printing and save money by
collating and stapling the thing yourself effort. i really enjoyed diving into
this 'un even if i would have been the kinda guy who probably would have upped
nose at this in favor of the latest issue of the definitely by-then post-fanzine
version of trouser press. i got that way sometimes.


  the simplicity is what gets to me, as well as the gosh-it-all starry-eyed
  sorta attitude that a few of us had about music and the development of a new
  garage band generation that seemingly flourished if remaining underground
  throughout the eighties and beyond. live reviews, single (and no lp!) writeups
  and hopes that someone with some clout would notice the true fire music of the
  age can be found, thankfully written in a manner-of-fact youthful sorta way
  that reminds me of just how naive some of us could have been actually thinking
  that someday, somewhere, somehow the big beat would return and with a much
  anticipated sense of good ol' vengeance.

***




and now back to england for in the city, a rag that acquired somewhat of
a reputation o'er there given the few mentions i've read here and there. however
this 'un (#6) ain't anything that i would care to rah rah about.,,not that it's
not a halfway decent effort which is laid out rather spiffily if very similar to
most of the other punk rock oriented fanzines of the day, but because the groups
featured, the rezillos, magazine and the tom robinson band, just ain't the kinda
musical acts that got me up and moving my feet the way some of their competition
could. other issues might be better, and come to think of it i might have
reviewed one of 'em right here on this very blog sometime back. given my
sieve-like memory it's hard to keep track of things like this!

  whenever i hear the term "new wave" i think about what a put-on catch phrase
  those two words had become by the early eighties. when it was once a
  descriptor of a wide array of musical acts both traditional (going back to
  mid-sixties teenbo aesthetics) and extremely avgarde, new wave eventually came
  to mean controlled opposition, something that was supposed to stand for the
  new and exciting but was merely the same ol' boring mainstream blah decked out
  in wrap around shades and put on sneers. no longer did it come to mean groups
  who were innovative and soul searing but the trite commercialization of of the
  trailblazing acts that was custom made for those kids who actually fell for
  the eighties anti drug/shine on your shoes media blitz so prevalent during
  them days. boring beyond belief sounds from groups like the adults and
  insanity and the killers, and since anastasia pantsios used to hype both of
  those acts to the hilt you
  knew they were
  nothing but shuck.

***




when i first heard about the existence of a new wave magazine i
kinda got the idea that their take on new wave was, like the record labels just
wanted it to be, just a neater way of saying punk rock. but
then again i went through all of this in the previous review and like, i do know
what short memories most of you readers most certainly have.


  given the nebulousness of that term it wasn't a surprise that the usage of
  "new wave", especially as time rolled on, became even more looser
  than aunt mabel's vagina but anyway, how can you fault a mag that would slap a
  snap of early lou reed on its cover while everyone else was content with using
  some latest punk rock flash! 
  

    not much in this ish that makes it special, but the guys who put this out
    had the right idea what with reviews of those pre-velvet underground sides
    and the white heat ep, the stranglers' "grip" 45, generation x
    live and a lotta attempts at poetry that just don't affect the soul the way
    "akka bakka soda cracker akka bakka boo" does. a nice effort in its own
    cheapazoid way tho.
    ***




      got yet another issue of
      what a nice way to turn seventeen, a t. rex special at that which
      warmed my own heart cockles and might do yours as well. loads of
      ad/article reprints that you may have seen before show up, and tinier
      print than you've even seen in many of the issues of my own publishing efforts also appears, but who can deny the funtime jamz that a project and
      theme like this just oozes. the nice slick look only makes me wish that i
      could afford such high quality printing and exquisite reproduction back
      when i was putting my own crudzine out (remember, i was working on
      depression-era wages and hadda penny pinch, sell scrap metal and scrimp
      and save like anything to put my mags out unlike you rich privledged kids who had
      everything handed to you on a silver platter), and if you think that i
      liked the previous batch of what a nice way to turn seventeens i've
      laid paws upon you can betcha how i feel about this particular effort!
    
***
i'm positive that even karen quinlan would admit that it was a rather barren time for aficionados of high energy
      music what with the advent of mtv reducing the once wild-beyond-control
      sounds of rock 'n roll (actually its castrated offspring "rock music") to
      even lower levels of banality. and who could forget the eventual onslaught
      of the blander aspects of heavy metal which at least hadda duke it out
      with the new speedmetal variant for braincell exploding supremacy. the
      only real things that kept most of us from taking the easy way out were
      the likes of hardcore (the true end result of early-seventies heavy metal
      + late-seventies punk rock) and the so-called "garage band revival" which
      came off oh-so-refreshing after being inundated with all of
      that goody two shoes pop and fluff-weight "metal" that seemed to all the
      rage.
    





      unfortunately this first issue of bastinado doesn't quite
      capture the crazed energies that did make them eighties somewhat
      palatable. i don't hate the mag though, but since its pages features
      groups that i either never heard of or never would consider hearing in the
      first place it just flies right by me worse than algebra. if you're
      copasetic with the likes of a certain ratio or uproar (one of about a
      thousand groups that copped that name o'er the year) fine but sheesh, i
      gotta admit that looking through this fanzine just gave me frightening
      flashbacks to an era that was the beginning of a long line of aural
      polenta that never did recover from the rising tide of mediocrity
      (remember, i love cliches!) being passed off as new and innovative. 
    
***





      i thought little of kid's stuff #8 and actually said so in the fanzine fanabla i highlighted only a
      few measly words back. however i do think way better of the
      following issue which featured some rather insightful, non-fannish rah-rah
      writing that i'll bet woulda fit in swell with some of the things that
      were being written in the legitimate (and i ain't talkin'
      rolling stone) rock press 'round the very same time. a cover
      feature on bowie does add somewhat of a nice touch even if by that time
      the new bobby darin was about to chameleon his way into total thin air.
      writeups on the stooges, the ramones and the elusive worst thankfully
      don't fall into some of the hagiozine ruts that i did whilst attempting
      (and failing) to be literate during some of my lesser writing escapades.
      slim, one-sided printjob and definitely aiming for the crudzine look, but
      kid's stuff is anything but that!
    

***




    i just know that
    i reviewed other issues of aura in a previous fanabla, but as
    usual i'm too lazy to find out whether or not i did. if i have all i gotta
    say is that there isn't that much of a difference between this
    aura (#2) and the others what with the mag's concentration on
    the more out-there aspects of the musical form like throbbing gristle and
    metabolist. the playlist suggests a hefty concentration on the more feral
    side of electronic rock 'n roll music (suicide, pere ubu, cluster...) so alla those flitzy kinda gals you knew who were into
    plastic jewelry and bright red lipstick who thought they were oh so superior
    to the rest of us (well, they were superior to the heavy metal fm rock
    lunkheads but that's like saying snails are superior to amoeba) wouldn't
    really go for a fanzine such as this. well, that is saying something good, about aura that is!***


    cleveland wasn't exactly whatcha'd call an area that was exactly conduit to
    rock 'n roll as any post-mid-seventies wmms playlist or the mere existence
    of anastasia pantsios would obviously prove. not to mention all of those
    dead asses that were seated in all of those rock clubs giving some of the
    most horrid cover (and "original music") groups an audience while the real
    movers and shakers of the big beat were all but being ignored. i wouldn't
    consider cleveland as horrid as youngstown as far as being conduit to a high
    energy rock 'n roll mentality since the place did churn out some pretty
    copasetic bands throughout the seventies and maybe even eighties (well, i
    wouldn't count the jehovah's waitresses amongst 'em), and some much-needed
    fanzine press that counteracted the media hack cut 'n past that one would
    have read in what some might call the "legacy" press. 
  





    here's a cleveland fanzine i vaguely recall entitled negative print and like, it's pretty much on par with a whole slew of similar-minded
    self-produced beyond the cutting edge efforts that were making their way out
    to who-knows-were during those sick 'n sorry times that were the eighties
    (and nineties, oughts, teens...). it's a nice digest sized effort sort of
    like the final issue of denim delinquent and as with most of these
    mags it has that heart and spirit that made fanzine writing such a
    refreshing change from all of the rock inc. quap that people on the search for energy were being force fed to the point of nausea.
  


    it's par for the hardcore course but ain't no mrr or
    flipside. lots more down to earth and honest for that matter. 's
    got a good interview with sado-nation (who i heard ages back and actually
    forgot what they sounded like!) as well as a great editorial detailing the
    sad decline of heavy metal into the same old "i wanna get laid" groove as
    well as tons of record reviews and even ads, something which were nearly
    impossible to get for my own fanzine effort despite its long run and relative ability to get out when some
    company would dare distribute the thing. and if you think i'm bitter well,
    what would you expect?
  


    interestingly enough, amidst the writeups on the latest records that have
    hit the usual hardcore radarscope a review of jerry lewis'
    just sings appear which was written by steve-o of death of samantha fame, and who according to
    wickedpedia was partially responsible for the publication of this fanzine
    along with fellow bandmate steve james! quite interesting if i do say so
    myself and somehow this fact makes my copy of negative print all
    the more precious if i do say so myself!
  
***

    oh boy, a crasszine! well, i gotta admit that i do find a slight tad of
    howshallwesay admiration for a few of them guys and gals wearin' the a's
    with the circle 'round 'em in the way that they, unlike many of their
    compatriots on the anarchopunk scene, actually lived up to the whole
    un-chained and wild credo 'stead of just call themselves anarchists in order
    to hide their communist sympathies. still, you know that none of these
    punques on the eighties anarchy trip could rock 'n roll to save their
    long-unwiped butts...oh yeah, the mob, zounds and astronauts were able to
    put out some mighty efforts but otherwise most of these hippies in new
    clothing were just too world-saving conscious and politburo precious to let
    their spiky hair hang down and have any bit of fun. 
  


    as for an example of the stodginess of anarchopunk then and presumably
    now well...this one episode of the maximum rock'n'roll radio
    show keeps comin' to mind, the one where tim yohannon and crew had the amerigan
    representative of the crass-associated existencil press on playing a variety
    of crass label items complete with an interview with the lass herself. when yohannon asked the lady whether or not this music was to be perceived as
    entertainment she uttered a definite
    no!, that it was all serious agitprop against the evil powers that be and in no
    way could any of this be construed as something to be enjoyed --- not in the
    slightest! 
  


    i keep mentioning this li'l anecdote if only because it seemed so obviously
    unreal and against the entire concept of not only rock 'n roll but music but
    any visual or cinematic or even slop art that appeals to the massholes out
    there. music that serves a political cause and in no way can even be
    construed as being something to enjoy on a purely aesthetical level sure
    sounds like something that would be created for and by a rather dour bunch
    who couldn't settle back and enjoy a thing on this planet if their lives depended on it. the spiritual
    successors of those bulky soviet women who were so wrapped up in the
    revolution that they couldn't crack a smile to show off their stainless
    steel dentures. in fact i
    do picture this dame as looking like one of those bulldozer-built
    by-the-books "report all deviationists" soviet women in their uniforms that
    would always pop up satire magazines, the ones who used to flunk the hormone
    tests at the olympics and had suspicious bulges in their shorts! well, actually no since she sounded more like some rail-thin lefty radical type with blue hair who probably still does gravestone rubbings whenever the dour mood hits.




enigma #2 seems typical of the trend towards the humorless aspects
  of punque. loads of collage art and poetry/lyrics or whatever they're
  called fill up the xeroxed pages, albeit there are a fair share of reviews and
  writeups on them early-eighties punks and punques who at least were seemingly
  trying to keep the ol' rock 'n roll ball rollin'. and talk about being
  stringent...many of the acts who get covered in these pages come off just
  about as strict and downright humorless as the people who were writing about
  'em without a shard of humor, concept of rock 'n roll as energy or perhaps
  even a song in their heart because of...well, cruise missiles and some other hip cause of the day (remember "acid rain"?). nothing but hippies fighting the same old causes, and from what i can make out their heirs
  are out there en force if you can believe what you read on counter-currents
  these days.
  

    hey kids, if you want to be anarchists go read lew rockwell or some old
    murray rothbard articles and see these rabble rousers you oh-so admire for
    the slick tricks they always were and shall remain. after all, it you are
    for everyone doing their own thing without a hassle from the man you ought
    to let them corporations rake in all the bucks they want and let all the
    homos cornhole each other and the pampered upper-class children run around
    on wild rampages. just don't give these companies any corporate handouts or
    take any tax money to fund aids clinics or complain when you get shot up
    during a crazed hallucination that has you running down the street nude with
    an assault rifle in your cummed up paws.
  

***

      and finally for this issue's decidedly non rockism-oriented
      fanzine entry we have the fourth issue of an obscurity i have previously written
      about in rather glowing terms, mainly the farce of fandom. this
      short-run effort was put out by three high school kids who were in on the
      whole comic book fanboy game (barry siegel, bruce simon and steve
      finkelstein) and this trio really knew their potatoes as far as what was
      hot and not and worthy of their time and moolah when they hit the comic
      book rack. the fact that they were teenbos and had that sorta
      aw-shucks attitude towards their hobby that reflected well with their
      resultant spew as well. meaning: there may have been a slight tad of
      "immaturity" that seeped into these guys' writing and artwork but it all
      came out well in the end. in fact it may have been totally
      intentional as
      much of my own writing has been even if you dolts who "know more about me
      than i do myself" would dare to say otherwise. 
    





      by this fourth issue the mag had gone from mimeo to actual golly gee
      offset and the innards have, shall we say, "matured" somewhat. artwork has
      improved as well but sheesh, i sure liked the just post-pubesprout
      attitude of their earlier mags which really exuded the addled joy of being
      a high school kid who ate these comics up and wanted to tell off the world via
      satire. they might not have had the right chops to put out an effort along
      the lines of
      fantasy illustrated, but they sure were a joy to read in that teenbo muddled brain sorta fashion. the fun and jamz of the earlier 'un's just
      don't pop up here, and sad to say the stories aren't as adolescent funny
      in a cheap way like they used to be. the guys have (obviously enough
      considering the guest appearance of mr. natural) discovered the
      underground comix and sorry to say their attempts at the kind of humor
      that the biggies in the field pretty much fall flat.
    


      like just about
      every other comic book fanzine of the fifties, sixties and seventies the comics code once again comes under scrutiny. actually it is
      somewhat tiresome to stroll through these magazines and read anti-wertham
      diatribes over and over (i mean, it would have been a
      refreshing change if one of 'em had
      a pro-wertham editorial/story/cartoon just to add some spice to the
      entire comics fanzine concept!) but this issue's tirade against the comics
      code authority just doesn't cut the old jugular. not that many of these
      did but chee, i liked the 'un in an earlier issue where casper the
      friendly ghost dissolves into nada after it is logically explained to him
      that them harvey comics characters aren't exactly conduit to the spirit of
      the code what with ghosts, witches and demons. how sabrina the
      teenage witch and her aunts made it past their watchful eye i'll never
      know unless those stories about how john goldwater (in a craven attempt to
      shut down arch-rival ec) and the cca really were working hand in hand like
      the rumors goin' 'round were sayin'! 
    


      the anti-cca story here sadly enough just limps on and comes to the same
      conclusion that every other story on the code in every other fanmag of the
      day saying nothing new (not that this matters), doing so in the same
      fashion that has been done ever since the advent of
      seduction of the innocent and the general appearance of comic
      book-related fanzines from around the very same time. too bad, although to
      be fairer than fair i will admit that the story on ec (not exactly a
      rarity in comic fandom) did has sort of a nice "nostalgic" ting to it as
      did many of the others, but otherwise i was let down more than a pair of
      national georgaphic boobs!
    

farce of fandom, despite the romp into more adult art and mindsets, was a nice try
      and the artwork, layout and print job were excellent, but i sure miss the
      ranch house suburban slob doofness of the earlier ones. wonder just how far these cartoons satirists made it either in or out of the world of fandom because yeah, they just might have made it somewhat either as editors of more serious fanzine efforts or even as underground cartoon types ifyaknowaddamean...














posted by
christopher stigliano


at
8:45 am


5
comments




 

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)

















home





what it is!




christopher stigliano


hermitage, pennsylvania, united states
a continuation (more or less) of the old black to comm fanzine (1985-2003) in the digital tradition. america's only high-energy blog!

view my complete profile



follow me boys!











blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2025

(6)





        ▼ 
      



february

(3)

 book review! lolly and pepper: the dell four-colo...
once again, here's that blog which is really gonna...

  time for yet another fanzine fanabla!!!


  the...








        ► 
      



january

(3)









        ► 
      



2024

(42)





        ► 
      



december

(2)







        ► 
      



november

(3)







        ► 
      



october

(4)







        ► 
      



september

(2)







        ► 
      



august

(2)







        ► 
      



july

(4)







        ► 
      



june

(4)







        ► 
      



may

(5)







        ► 
      



april

(2)







        ► 
      



march

(3)







        ► 
      



february

(3)







        ► 
      



january

(8)









        ► 
      



2023

(38)





        ► 
      



december

(3)







        ► 
      



november

(3)







        ► 
      



october

(3)







        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(4)







        ► 
      



june

(2)







        ► 
      



may

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(2)







        ► 
      



february

(5)







        ► 
      



january

(4)









        ► 
      



2022

(13)





        ► 
      



december

(2)







        ► 
      



november

(1)







        ► 
      



october

(1)







        ► 
      



september

(1)







        ► 
      



august

(2)







        ► 
      



july

(2)







        ► 
      



june

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(3)









        ► 
      



2021

(93)





        ► 
      



december

(1)







        ► 
      



november

(2)







        ► 
      



october

(9)







        ► 
      



september

(9)







        ► 
      



august

(8)







        ► 
      



july

(11)







        ► 
      



june

(10)







        ► 
      



may

(9)







        ► 
      



april

(8)







        ► 
      



march

(9)







        ► 
      



february

(8)







        ► 
      



january

(9)









        ► 
      



2020

(125)





        ► 
      



december

(10)







        ► 
      



november

(8)







        ► 
      



october

(10)







        ► 
      



september

(8)







        ► 
      



august

(13)







        ► 
      



july

(11)







        ► 
      



june

(11)







        ► 
      



may

(11)







        ► 
      



april

(11)







        ► 
      



march

(10)







        ► 
      



february

(11)







        ► 
      



january

(11)









        ► 
      



2019

(139)





        ► 
      



december

(12)







        ► 
      



november

(11)







        ► 
      



october

(12)







        ► 
      



september

(10)







        ► 
      



august

(12)







        ► 
      



july

(14)







        ► 
      



june

(11)







        ► 
      



may

(11)







        ► 
      



april

(11)







        ► 
      



march

(12)







        ► 
      



february

(11)







        ► 
      



january

(12)









        ► 
      



2018

(155)





        ► 
      



december

(14)







        ► 
      



november

(12)







        ► 
      



october

(11)







        ► 
      



september

(12)







        ► 
      



august

(15)







        ► 
      



july

(14)







        ► 
      



june

(11)







        ► 
      



may

(14)







        ► 
      



april

(12)







        ► 
      



march

(14)







        ► 
      



february

(12)







        ► 
      



january

(14)









        ► 
      



2017

(137)





        ► 
      



december

(14)







        ► 
      



november

(12)







        ► 
      



october

(11)







        ► 
      



september

(9)







        ► 
      



august

(9)







        ► 
      



july

(9)







        ► 
      



june

(10)







        ► 
      



may

(10)







        ► 
      



april

(14)







        ► 
      



march

(14)







        ► 
      



february

(13)







        ► 
      



january

(12)









        ► 
      



2016

(129)





        ► 
      



december

(14)







        ► 
      



november

(15)







        ► 
      



october

(11)







        ► 
      



september

(10)







        ► 
      



august

(10)







        ► 
      



july

(11)







        ► 
      



june

(10)







        ► 
      



may

(9)







        ► 
      



april

(11)







        ► 
      



march

(9)







        ► 
      



february

(9)







        ► 
      



january

(10)









        ► 
      



2015

(104)





        ► 
      



december

(9)







        ► 
      



november

(8)







        ► 
      



october

(9)







        ► 
      



september

(9)







        ► 
      



august

(9)







        ► 
      



july

(9)







        ► 
      



june

(8)







        ► 
      



may

(9)







        ► 
      



april

(9)







        ► 
      



march

(8)







        ► 
      



february

(9)







        ► 
      



january

(8)









        ► 
      



2014

(106)





        ► 
      



december

(9)







        ► 
      



november

(9)







        ► 
      



october

(9)







        ► 
      



september

(8)







        ► 
      



august

(9)







        ► 
      



july

(9)







        ► 
      



june

(8)







        ► 
      



may

(9)







        ► 
      



april

(10)







        ► 
      



march

(9)







        ► 
      



february

(8)







        ► 
      



january

(9)









        ► 
      



2013

(108)





        ► 
      



december

(9)







        ► 
      



november

(9)







        ► 
      



october

(10)







        ► 
      



september

(8)







        ► 
      



august

(9)







        ► 
      



july

(9)







        ► 
      



june

(9)







        ► 
      



may

(9)







        ► 
      



april

(8)







        ► 
      



march

(9)







        ► 
      



february

(8)







        ► 
      



january

(11)









        ► 
      



2012

(104)





        ► 
      



december

(10)







        ► 
      



november

(8)







        ► 
      



october

(9)







        ► 
      



september

(9)







        ► 
      



august

(9)







        ► 
      



july

(7)







        ► 
      



june

(5)







        ► 
      



may

(9)







        ► 
      



april

(12)







        ► 
      



march

(9)







        ► 
      



february

(9)







        ► 
      



january

(8)









        ► 
      



2011

(110)





        ► 
      



december

(9)







        ► 
      



november

(9)







        ► 
      



october

(9)







        ► 
      



september

(8)







        ► 
      



august

(9)







        ► 
      



july

(10)







        ► 
      



june

(11)







        ► 
      



may

(9)







        ► 
      



april

(10)







        ► 
      



march

(9)







        ► 
      



february

(8)







        ► 
      



january

(9)









        ► 
      



2010

(122)





        ► 
      



december

(12)







        ► 
      



november

(9)







        ► 
      



october

(9)







        ► 
      



september

(8)







        ► 
      



august

(10)







        ► 
      



july

(11)







        ► 
      



june

(11)







        ► 
      



may

(9)







        ► 
      



april

(9)







        ► 
      



march

(8)







        ► 
      



february

(16)







        ► 
      



january

(10)









        ► 
      



2009

(112)





        ► 
      



december

(10)







        ► 
      



november

(9)







        ► 
      



october

(10)







        ► 
      



september

(10)







        ► 
      



august

(9)







        ► 
      



july

(10)







        ► 
      



june

(8)







        ► 
      



may

(10)







        ► 
      



april

(11)







        ► 
      



march

(8)







        ► 
      



february

(8)







        ► 
      



january

(9)









        ► 
      



2008

(140)





        ► 
      



december

(9)







        ► 
      



november

(10)







        ► 
      



october

(10)







        ► 
      



september

(7)







        ► 
      



august

(12)







        ► 
      



july

(12)







        ► 
      



june

(12)







        ► 
      



may

(12)







        ► 
      



april

(12)







        ► 
      



march

(18)







        ► 
      



february

(15)







        ► 
      



january

(11)









        ► 
      



2007

(105)





        ► 
      



december

(11)







        ► 
      



november

(7)







        ► 
      



october

(11)







        ► 
      



september

(9)







        ► 
      



august

(6)







        ► 
      



july

(9)







        ► 
      



june

(11)







        ► 
      



may

(6)







        ► 
      



april

(10)







        ► 
      



march

(10)







        ► 
      



february

(7)







        ► 
      



january

(8)









        ► 
      



2006

(105)





        ► 
      



december

(9)







        ► 
      



november

(8)







        ► 
      



october

(10)







        ► 
      



september

(10)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(4)







        ► 
      



june

(16)







        ► 
      



may

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(10)







        ► 
      



march

(17)







        ► 
      



february

(4)







        ► 
      



january

(8)









        ► 
      



2005

(101)





        ► 
      



december

(9)







        ► 
      



november

(6)







        ► 
      



october

(8)







        ► 
      



september

(8)







        ► 
      



august

(7)







        ► 
      



july

(11)







        ► 
      



june

(8)







        ► 
      



may

(10)







        ► 
      



april

(7)







        ► 
      



march

(9)







        ► 
      



february

(12)







        ► 
      



january

(6)









        ► 
      



2004

(80)





        ► 
      



december

(9)







        ► 
      



november

(9)







        ► 
      



october

(10)







        ► 
      



september

(12)







        ► 
      



august

(4)







        ► 
      



july

(15)







        ► 
      



june

(11)







        ► 
      



may

(10)









links you'd like to see!


70s invasion
alan vega
antiwar.com
astronauts
blechman
bomp!
borneo jimbo "x" feed
can
candace owens "x" page
cbgb
christine mcintyre
chronicles
craig bell
crypt records mailorder
daily nancy comic strips "x" page
danny fields interview on wfmu
denim delinquent "x" page
don fellman's deviant art
eugene merinov photography
fantomisation d'yves adrien "x" page
faux wood paneling
ferd'nand "x" page
francisco franco national foundation
gloria stavers
grapevine video
grrrgraphics
gulcher records
hackamore brick
j. d. king illustration
jay kinney's clinic of cultural collision
jucika daily "x" page
junk shop glam
krazy kat by george herriman fan page
les rallizes denudes
lewrockwell.com
magic tramps
malcolm mooney
metal mike saunders on reddit
nancy "x" page
new oxford review
norton records
richard meltzer
richard meltzer fan club "x" page
rock scenester
rock writ "x" page
rock writ podcasts
simply saucer
so you want a joe mcdoakes website
stuart's hammer
the ghoul
the hound radio show archives
the left can't meme
the unz review
ugly things
underground archive "x" page
vdare
velvet underground




blogs you'd also like to see!










it's so hanna-barberaesque




it’s as hanna-barberian as it gets, no?



                      -
                    



1 hour ago












it starts with a birthstone...









leonard cohen



                      -
                    



5 hours ago












wfmu's rock 'n' soul ichiban!




aircheck of the week



                      -
                    



 
in 1962, wil was the hottest top 40 station in st. louis. station alumni 
includes dan ingram, ron lundy, gary owens, gary stevens, and bob dayton. 
here...


10 hours ago












kendra steiner editions









from roger moore, with love (uk, december 2024)



                      -
                    

from roger moore, with love (released december 2024) is an 87 minute 
documentary devoted to the late great actor, celebrity, humanitarian, and 
omnipresent ...


11 hours ago












free association




national greatness



                      -
                    



“a nation which makes greatness its polestar can never be free; beneath 
national greatness sink individual greatness, honor, wealth and freedom. 
but thou...


12 hours ago












engrish.com




quick, they’re trying to open a check cashing office…



                      -
                    

hurry, my property value only went up 4%… photo courtesy of karin faulkner. 
spotted at construction site in xiamen, china. 


14 hours ago












j.d. king









modern living



                      -
                    



18 hours ago












free jazz









hautzinger, schick, johansson - rotations+ (trost, 2025)



                      -
                    



by nick ostrum 

recorded live at km28 in berlin’s neukölln neighborhood, *rotations+* 
captures the trio of franz hautzinger (trumpet, electronics), ignaz...


20 hours ago












nicholas stix, uncensored




fw: new tj video



                      -
                    




----- forwarded message -----
*from:* mark andrew holowchak 
*to:* treymkimbrough@gmail.com ; 
vanderbil...


20 hours ago












white trash soul









stacy lane - nine sides 1967-73 (wts soul no.2)



                      -
                    



i can provide little to no information about stacy lane. this wilson 
pickett-esque screamer had, as far as i know (and discogs confirms), only 
four singl...


1 day ago












fifties beat









nina simone - nina simone and her friends



                      -
                    




artist: nina simone
album: nina simone and her friends
genre: vocal jazz
released: 2014


*tracklist*
01. he's got the whole world in his hands (nina simo...


1 day ago












rich's r'n'r rants & raves









crosby, stills, nash and young - live at fillmore east 1969



                      -
                    



 
stills and young have discovered the master tapes for this show, recorded a 
month after their smash set at woodstock, and compiled and mixed the 
origin...


1 day ago












rockasteria









guggenheim - anthology (1972 uk, tasty amalgam jazzy prog acid folk rock, 
2022 release)



                      -
                    





guggenheim's bizarre self-titled lp was originally released in 1972 on the 
low key indigo label but went largely unnoticed due in part to the 
ineffecti...


2 days ago












kogar's jungle juice









kogar's jungle juice show #95



                      -
                    



 

here comes kogar’s jungle juice show #95 for valentine’s day! songs about 
love and (some) loss, plus a groovy set of songs for you to dance to! 
celebr...


3 days ago












tom woods




ep. 2606 there was no population bomb



                      -
                    

we were warned that global population was spiraling out of control, but in 
fact most countries of the world are facing the opposite problem: a 
demographic ...


4 days ago












yowp









jerry eisenberg



                      -
                    

 the saddening news has come in that jerry eisenberg has died. he was 87. 

jerry was one of the crew at mgm under bill hanna and joe barbera. he was a 
seco...


4 days ago












oz conservative




being more than whatever



                      -
                    



jacinta allan is currently the premier of the australian state of victoria. 
she was asked by a journalist about donald trump's executive order 
declaring ...


1 week ago












those fabuleous fifties









have i got a tale



                      -
                    



sunday surprise day. 

it's been a while since i did a couple of al jaffee's tall tsles sundays. 
but recently i started cleaning my scans again and tehre ...


2 weeks ago












only rock 'n' roll




new vinyl lps out now: pink fairies, tomorrow and simon dupree & the big 
sound!



                      -
                    

order now from http://www.1960s.london at the bbc 1970-72 the pink fairies 
side one1.the snake (pink fairies)2. lucille (collins, richard)3. johnny b. 
good...


2 weeks ago












mark kausler's catblog




felix and danny



                      -
                    

     howdy readers, as our introduction to this post, we present “felix on 
his stick horse”, drawn by my most beloved cartoonist, cathy hill. i love 
the ch...


3 weeks ago












ugexplode




oh . . . i forgot i had a blog. jeepers. well, here's what 2024 was . . .



                      -
                    

2024. ok. well, that happened . . . some relationships wound down to a 
conclusion, while some old ones magically restarted. so it goes. it's kind 
of an ama...


1 month ago












die or d.i.y.?









voice crack – "earflash" (uhlang produktion – up 07) 1990



                      -
                    




switzerland? famous for toblerone's,nazi gold, at least a dozen mona-lisa's 
locked away in some vaults in geneva, all that plus a preponderance for 
driv...


2 months ago












tommy raw........................... no way that just happened









new york / new jersey... the 1970's / 1980's rock club daze... part 3: the 
ad's & promotions... continued



                      -
                    





*tommyrawblog@gmail.com*


*aerosmith lyrics*




*what was your first concert???*





*seems that as of jan 2019...*
*the blogger server's have deleted...


3 months ago












blackwalls2




]



                      -
                    

[


5 months ago












los discos del hombre polilla









boletin: actualizacion



                      -
                    




desde hoy comenzamos la actualización de los links. todos los álbumes 
“activos” estarán en la sección  de *“descargas”*. el objetivo es activar 
todo y q...


5 months ago












purepop









advance warning: purepop set sale - sunday 28th july 2024 at 10pm bst (uk)



                      -
                    



 

hi all

head over here on sunday 28th  (10pm bst)

https://purepopsetsale.blogspot.com/


here is the advance warning for the purepop set sale going liv...


6 months ago












patrick j. buchanan - official website




???????? ?????? ? ????????? kill zone ????? ????? ?????? sm trader



                      -
                    

likewise, search “trading station” on your phone’s apps store to get the 
mobile platform. some of the top traders use automated strategies to take 
the huma...


8 months ago












peter stanfield




its inmates absurd: the velvet underground at the university of kent 1971



                      -
                    



“after about the first two years we got talking. . .” 

– maureen tucker on rehearsing with the velvet underground

as a live proposition, the velvet under...


1 year ago












transcendental titans




the millennial mindset



                      -
                    

in any effort to fundamentally change society it is necessary to mobilise 
the young. the rhetoric on the populist right often invokes notions of the 
people...


1 year ago












blazing cat fur




crown to call ottawa residents in convoy trial



                      -
                    

crown lawyers intend on calling ottawa residents impacted by what became 
known as the freedom convoy to testify in the criminal trial of two of the 
protest...


1 year ago












trad news









sorry, you got here too late: the news has now ended



                      -
                    




sorry, you got here too late. the news has now ended. it was here for a 
bit, mainly between 2018 and 2022 when everybody used to read this site, 
but it'...


1 year ago












roots and traces: spurensicherung




c



                      -
                    

 x


2 years ago












scott lazarowitz's blog




banana republic, ussa: 2022 “elections”



                      -
                    

are we going to go through the same thing again now? knowing how mail-in 
voting, drop-boxes, and early voting were used to enable massive fraud and 
ballot ...


2 years ago












pappy's golden age comics blogzine









number 2597: when madam fatal could have been arrested



                      -
                    



it is no secret that the character, madam fatal, dressed as an old woman. 
madam was risking arrest in several cities, including (or all places) san 
franc...


3 years ago












sweet jane









mini, midi, maxi│emmanuelle khanh│1972



                      -
                    






mini, midi, maxi?

*[1972]*



volkswagen launches air conditioning to match.

*mini, midi, maxi who can predict future fashion? mini fashion? then you ...


3 years ago












the rising storm




quicksilver messenger service “quicksilver messenger service”



                      -
                    

quicksilver messenger service, a capitol release from 1968, was the debut 
album from one of sf’s most beloved bands. qms were one of the earliest sf 
bands ...


3 years ago












always right









wales



                      -
                    



4 years ago












blackwalls1









the disco zombies - here come the buts (1980)



                      -
                    



4 years ago












neo-ultra









charles lindbergh



                      -
                    



4 years ago












kraut mask replica




io++370 - die angepisste avantgarde von 1981: zwei kurze stücke von how 
high the moon, live in tübingen und in stuttgart.



                      -
                    

es sind einige bänder von how high the moon wieder aufgetaucht, und wir 
hören jetzt einen exzerpt, und zwar volle kanne: wir hören als erstes die 
band how ...


4 years ago












four-color shadows









clutch cargo-1961



                      -
                    

 

i read jack and jill as a kid but not 'til 1965. i watched clutch cargo as 
a kid but not 'til also around that same time. so i missed his 1961 comic 
str...


4 years ago












westbrook pegleg xiv




new status by silverlegionusa



                      -
                    



@vdare excellent!


4 years ago












silence is platinum









baby peggy interview



                      -
                    

 

*on february 14th i had the honor to sit down with diana serra cary aka 
baby peggy of silent film fame. needless to say this didn't just make for 
the be...


4 years ago












la buona annata









our man from mu



                      -
                    

 





*the man from mu*






























5 years ago












this i heard









the association - "dubuque blues" (1969)



                      -
                    

the only place where i've ever seen much discussion of gary "jules" 
alexander's songwriting as a member of the association is way back in 
richard meltzer's...


5 years ago












essential ephemera









andy gill, 1956 - 2020



                      -
                    

 
r.i.p. andy



5 years ago












kustom kar kulture









tommy ivo's four-engine dragster



                      -
                    



5 years ago












the amazing kornyfone label




new mike millard mini-documentary



                      -
                    



5 years ago












modliving









paul weller



                      -
                    



5 years ago












proto punk apothecary




adam & the ants - in bondage 78-79



                      -
                    

 [image: image result for adam & the ants in bondage]

get it here


5 years ago












bewegnungen









kassetten weise müll eine meldung für die liebhaber neuer musik 
hochgerichtete zerfetzungen eine kassette mit obskuren klangfragmenten aus 
den frühen achtzigern aus meiner sammlung zusamengestählt von im 
nachineinein nicht identifizierbarbaren editoren



                      -
                    

 
   
nein, ich habe keine ahnung wer das ist. diese kassette verstaubt seit fast 
40 jahren in den schwarzen löchern meiner sammlung, ohne cover, ohne 
hint...


5 years ago












frank secich blog









the stiv bators ghost tour



                      -
                    

"the stiv bators ghost tour" by room full of strangers from the danny garcia film 
"stiv.....no compromise, no regrets" and available on the movie soundtrack...


5 years ago












trad jazz









pops



                      -
                    



5 years ago












diversity chronicle




privileged old white man has a heart-attack at super market, 
inconveniencing several female shoppers



                      -
                    

by prof. filidia lopez (adjunct professor at the welsingham institute for 
feminist studies in scranton pa) it happened at super groceries organic and 
vegan...


5 years ago












national conservative front












                      -
                    



5 years ago












west coast cool









focus



                      -
                    



5 years ago












bop-pills




jimmy page interview par william burroughs (trad. française)



                      -
                    



4.6 / 5 ( 18 votes ) enfin traduit en français (*), led zeppelin, jimmy 
page & rock magic, un texte passionnant rédigé par william burroughs (**) à 
propo...


5 years ago












classic television showbiz









an interview with paul krassner - part seven



                      -
                    

 

*kliph nesteroff: you appeared on the merv griffin show high on mescaline. 
the episode also featured comedian jackie vernon.*

*paul krassner: oh, yes. i...


5 years ago












mutant sounds




mutant sounds vinyl auctions on ebay are live now



                      -
                    

just a small update to let everyone know that some major vinyl rarities 
from the mutant sound archive are being auctioned currently and auctions 
will be co...


5 years ago












right content












                      -
                    



5 years ago












astounded by sound!









2018 was a year, here is a list...



                      -
                    

 

it's december 28th, and i have only just started typing this. you see, i 
wasn't going to bother doing my usual "best of" thing this year because my 
mojo...


6 years ago












jd king illustration









wall street journal



                      -
                    



6 years ago












fadensonnen









now available . . . razorlegs - diamond dust ep



                      -
                    

 

*diamond dust / peace viper*
diamond dust ep by razorlegs

*molten new rama-lama-thunder-amphetaskronk from the refusenik avant improv 
duo of pd fadenson...


6 years ago












lnf : usa












                      -
                    



6 years ago












right thinking







                      -
                    

https://www.abbevilleinstitute.org/blog/upholding-voter-id-in-the-south/


6 years ago












folk! usa!









jacques brel



                      -
                    



6 years ago












antiwarzone












                      -
                    



6 years ago












alternatively












                      -
                    



6 years ago












lethal dose









she made it after all...



                      -
                    



from august 19, 1977, it's the last broadcast of jessica savitch at kyw-tv 
channel 3 in philadelphia (complete with commercials). she was leaving the 
the...


6 years ago












likely looney, mostly merrie









423. tom turk and daffy (1944)



                      -
                    

 
*featuring porky pig*
*warner cartoon no. *422.
*release date: *february 12, 1944.
*series: *looney tunes.
*supervision: *chuck jones.
*producer: *leon sch...


6 years ago












jd king central












                      -
                    



6 years ago












lisa genet studio









the kills at electric lady studios, 15 february 2017



                      -
                    

 

nashville's and l.a.'s best, via florida (!) 
g-d knows i've wanted, no i've needed to write about this experience. mind 
altering, high octane fun. it's ...


6 years ago












nortonville









feb 1 hasil adkins radio blast with spazz, hound and miriam at wfmu



                      -
                    

commodity meat (and other delights)* hasil adkins pre-hall of 
fame induction radio blast  feb. 1  (9 pm-midnight) at wfmu.org the "music 
to spazz by" will ...


7 years ago












1960's advertising and pop culture









1966 kellogg's product 19



                      -
                    



7 years ago












karen de coster




bmi (body mass indicator) is a tool of the medical corporatocracy



                      -
                    

i’m surprised when i see libertarian-ish types uphold the body mass index 
(bmi), a very controversial health indicator, as an “accurate estimator of 
health...


7 years ago












cassette cover art library




i've been away...



                      -
                    

...but now  i am back. after m y extended stay in the hospital i have 
started to feel up to posting again . typing is still extremely difficult 
but i hsve ...


7 years ago












ex-army - libertarian nationalist







                      -
                    

good night sweet prince
and flights of angels sing thee to thy rest!

j


7 years ago












baloo's cartoon blog









mathyness, mathyness!



                      -
                    

 
this is probably not quite as bad as the reality.



7 years ago












thehoundblog









the hound is back on the air...



                      -
                    

 

after a short 20 year breather, i'm back on the radio, well, sort of radio, 
i broadcast live every thursday from 6-8 pm eastern standard time (nyc 
time)...


7 years ago












art for spastics









afs v. 376 ~ subbing the suicide watch



                      -
                    



*thanks to ophelia necro for asking me to sub her "suicide watch" program!*
*on this edition of afs…*

** bleak and brash bosnian punk*
** 3-hour tour of w...


7 years ago












the velvet underground  bootlegs









a tribute to the velvet underground, fifteen minutes (1994)



                      -
                    

 


* mp3 320*

[image: https://www.multiup.org/c202055a11f8268a88b29d4328418c77]



7 years ago












sixties garage punk









i cried goodbye



                      -
                    

 




hey there kids!

for this comp i had a mission. and that mission was to round up all the 
best tracks from fuzz flaykes & shakes by tony the tiger, and...


8 years ago












tomblands









interview avec pierre reinhard et christophe bier sur le cinéma 
pornographique



                      -
                    

 

la conversation avec christophe bier, éditeur en chef du *dictionnaire des 
films français pornographiques et érotiques 16 et 35 mm* fut l’occasion de 
cr...


8 years ago












screwball comics









rube goldberg wishes you a merry christmas



                      -
                    

over the course of his 35 years or so as a daily and sunday newspaper humor 
cartoonist, rube goldberg celebrated many christmases in pen and ink. here 
is a...


8 years ago












stupefaction









huge! vinyl lp record & cd yardsales in woodstock, ny: labor day weekend 
2016 - three locations!



                      -
                    

 

just jumping back in here to let folks know about this event i'll be 
participating in. three great record sales with 9 or 10 dealers all told. 
lots & lo...


8 years ago












dumpster dive 45's









jack reno - juke box



                      -
                    


random country. anybody still out there...???

*jack reno - juke box*


8 years ago












a heartful of napalm









scotty moore, 1931-2016: last stop on the mystery train



                      -
                    



look at this snapshot above. it's impossible to imagine what it must have 
been like to have been in this photograph: at the eye of a hurricane called 
"ro...


8 years ago












earth capitol









beermat of the month



                      -
                    

 
this series idea has not proved to be the goldmine of blog posts that i 
expected, to be honest. beermats these days are pretty boring. it's a 
shame. but ...


8 years ago












north fork sound









north fork sound top 20 - august 23rd 2015



                      -
                    

cl 1. diplo, cl, riff raff & og maco: dr. pepper 2. widespread panic: 
steven's cat 3. herb alpert: night ride 4. michael chapman: stockport 
monday (for tom...


9 years ago












cleveland classic media




stu shostak-vintage tv pioneer..



                      -
                    

for our first post in seven months i want to promote someone i consider a 
good friend. a kindred spirit really, as far as saving vintage television 
is conc...


9 years ago












cartoon snap




revengeance -- new full-length hand-drawn animated feature by jim lujan and 
bill plympton



                      -
                    

 

*jim lujan*'s cartoons are mesmerizing, funny, funky and always created 
with his singular unique view of the world. always an inspiration and just 
dang ...


9 years ago












pmsimon.com




the old redhead and scooter



                      -
                    

huh. was looking through archives of a long defunct weekly magazine from 
paterson and found these in a 1960 issue: yeah. oh, and yes, i'm back....


9 years ago












machine gun thompson's blog









mgt in wyandotte



                      -
                    





photos: (c) retrokimmer.com


9 years ago












9 grey chairs









the sounds of life - tom & ellen [nycac 501]



                      -
                    

 


the sounds of life
tom & ellen

ellen christi    -vocals, percussion, flute
tom bruno    -drums, ashimba, bells, flute, piano

side a

1.oriental tale
2....


9 years ago












"the squirrel cage" by gene ahern









sansón from argentina



                      -
                    

almost three years ago i posted about a spanish language version of the 
squirrel cage from argentina's billiken magazine, titled *jopito y calvete. 
*i've j...


9 years ago












bug me later




"you can save up to 50%, but you're still a long ways from home"



                      -
                    

a message from dan wenninger (he is a wild man, so bug off!): 1way returns 
this tuesday (2/24) with oblique orchestra at 9pm. after our set there will 
be a...


9 years ago












bug melter




i may have forgotten how to do this...



                      -
                    

but here is a message from dan wenninger: 1way returns this tuesday (2/24) 
with oblique orchestra at 9pm. after our set there will be an open, large 
group ...


9 years ago












musicmaster oldies




change is the only true constant



                      -
                    

 this blog has moved!  you can find this page at 
http://musicmasteroldies.com/2015/02/15/change-is-the-only-true-constant/,

our new home page is:  http://w...


10 years ago












one hand records




one hand records store …



                      -
                    

head on over to: onehand.bigcartel.com   there’s a new record from dark 
sunny land and one due soon from weasel walter & chris pitsiokos.


10 years ago












it's all the streets you crossed not so long ago









eighty-two'ed



                      -
                    

[this is merely an update to a previous post. normally i just tack this 
kind of info to the end of my original post on the topic, but since this 
piece is s...


10 years ago












three men in a tub









talkin' out your



                      -
                    



10 years ago












the specialist ed









philly focus: 5 steps to partying like you're from the northeast



                      -
                    

 
follow the guide and this could be you!           like most blue collar 
communities, we in the northeast have a different notion of a good time.  
our ide...


10 years ago












kicksville 66









nobody's baby



                      -
                    

nobody’s baby (miriam) norton 397 so here we are in this new fangled world, 
but still, the beat goes on, as it has since boy first met girl and hearts 
ran ...


10 years ago












cole's comics









jack cole's higrass twins 1940: money madness!



                      -
                    

 
it's been far too long since i've posted anything new here at cole's 
comics. most of my comics scholarship and writing energy has been directed 
towards b...


10 years ago












ugly things




the death of creativity or a new filter?



                      -
                    


*by doug sheppard*

in a recent issue of *the guardian*, david byrne lamented that the internet 
“will suck all the creative content out of the world”—point...


11 years ago












it's great shakes







                      -
                    

 *some favorite 45's found in 2013.  *


















































*the soul reps: soul food (limelight)big walter & the thunderbirds: ...


11 years ago












potrzebie












                      -
                    

larry schwinger's cover painting for cornell woolrich's *i married a dead 
man *(ballantine, 1981). 




11 years ago












bona fide records









antiseen's destructo rock revisits york on their 30th anniversary tour



                      -
                    

the kings of destructo rock, antiseen, the boys from brutalsville, 
celebrate an unbelievable 30 year run of their raw punk rock with a return 
to york april...


11 years ago












groovygaragemadness







                      -
                    

our thoughts and best wishes go out to all those in new york affected by 
the tragedy this week particularly billy and miriam at norton and everyone 
in hobo...


12 years ago












rockin hood









tl wahl - a face in the crowd



                      -
                    

 

tl wahl - a face in the crowd lp. 
grey splatter vinyl local real people late night soft rock record from 1979
on the gds label (same as claw)    from cen...


12 years ago












dr faustroll









pascal comelade y orfeó metropolità de sant roc conductor



                      -
                    

 

accompagné ici par la quinzaine de musiciens de l'orfeó metropolità de sant 
roc conductor, enregistré le 16 août 2010 lors de la cinquième édition du 
fe...


12 years ago












culture vulture time









bar talk # 8



                      -
                    












*overheard friday night (6-8-12) at nick-a-nees, providence, rhode island 
(purty much reported as close to verbatim as possible.)*


he’s the kin...


12 years ago












underground j-rock




back to black mandara univive-021



                      -
                    

univiveの最新タイトルであり、「double heads 15cdbox」「wild trips」「naked diza 
star」と並んでビギナーからマニアにまで幅広くお勧めできる最重要作品のひとつです。まず特筆すべきはディスク１の75年４月の御殿場花まつりのサウンドボードソースですが、最近ボックスにし...


12 years ago












free the music









albert ayler quintet - black revolt (1966)



                      -
                    


albert ayler quintet - black revolt 

tracklist:
1 bells 18:18 
2 ghosts 23:24 

bass - lewis worrell 
percussion - ronald shannon jackson 
tenor saxophone,...


13 years ago












jonh ingham - my back pages









the divining rod and the lost vowel. on tour with the patti smith group



                      -
                    



today

--> 

it starts in half-promise, looking for purpose. the music is tentative. the 
poet seems unconvinced. she’s invoking good/bad johnny, the angel...


13 years ago












b g m l t r




hey, drummers of the world!



                      -
                    

how about when you're done playing, you flip the switch on your snare drum 
so that it doesn't rattle and buzz all night?


13 years ago












the give-a-show blog




steven's mini projector - beetle bailey and sarge



                      -
                    



14 years ago












the third banana




kovacs on the corner (1952)



                      -
                    


is this thing on? hello?

hello?

here's something i never thought i'd see.. the much-maligned and very 
short-lived kovacs philly daytime vehicle kovacs on...


14 years ago












kicksville 65




strange obsession #3



                      -
                    



14 years ago












neglected stairways









love acetate with jimi hendrix



                      -
                    



i found this missing link a while ago when this blog was wandering in the 
wilderness. here are the legendary love/hendrix sessions......
here:
http://uplo...


15 years ago












modern illusions









peter kowald / miya masaoka / gino robair - illuminations



                      -
                    




*peter kowald / miya masaoka / gino robairilluminationsrastascan records 
2004*

download

i suppose kowald is the big name here – and as ever his presenc...


15 years ago












esp - the mind reader




concentrating the mind: thoughts about distribution



                      -
                    

how did you watch the obama inauguration?

i had intended to find a place with a large screen, preferably full of 
americans, and share the audacity of hope....


16 years ago












rock revival









rock revival's classic albums (1976): brand x 'unorthodox behaviour'



                      -
                    

 in the history of jazz fusion brand x are a critical yet less well known 
institution. they formed in 1974, broke up in 1980 and reformed in the 90's 
and a...


16 years ago












the next big thing






                      -
                    

















beyond the coda






                      -
                    

















five feet of fury. (the neighborhood's already gone.)






                      -
                    

















boston groupie news - boston's original punk rock magazine






                      -
                    














show 10




show all














 













