




dr. rich bodnarchuk  - premier chiropractic/dr. rich bodnarchuk chiropractor in little falls - premier chiropractic














































































home
our practice
treatments
patient forms
faqs
contact us
 

home
our practice
treatments
patient forms
faqs
contact us

973-256-0311





sports injuries of all joints not just spine may be amendable to chiropractic care.  from the "weekend warrior" to the young athlete care consists of decreasing pain and restoring biomechanics to enable the athlete to return to the field.combining the proven history of traditional chiropractic care with the latest in today's safe and effective treatment techniques.  favorable outcomes in the conservative approach to pain start at a proper diagnosis.millions of people have experienced the benefit of today's safe, gentle ,effective and individualized chiropractic care. 





looking for a chiropractor in little falls?
welcome to premier chiropractic / richard bodnarchuk, dc
looking for a chiropractor in the little falls area? look no further than the caring and professional office of premier chiropractic / dr. richard bodnarchuk.  dr. bodnarchuk graduated life university in 1997 with a doctoral degree in chiropractic and is licensed in the state of new jersey. over the past 17 years he has worked in both group and private practice settings and has developed a very patient centered philosophy which he implements daily to provide individualized care to each patient.  dr. bodnarchuk, a father and professional, realizes your time is valuable and offers appointment times convenient for any patient. give the office a call at (973) 256-0311 to schedule your appointment. we look forward to introducing you to chiropractic care that centers around you!
what sets us apart
customized condition-based treatment. care is personalized toward each patient’s own complaints for the purpose of quick pain reduction and to restore proper joint function moving towards a resolution of symptoms, decreased frequency of treatments and release from care so you can get back to a pain free life.

how we help

neck or back pain
headaches
leg pain/sciatica
carpal tunnel syndrome
sports injuries
pregnancy care
pinched nerves

read more
become a patient
contact us today to schedule your first appointment.







address premier chiropractic
dr. richard bodnarchuk
102 east main street
little falls, nj 07424
directions
tel: 973-256-0311
fax: 973-256-2192
email: office@healthyspineinmotion.com

 

office hours 



monday10:00 am - 1:30 pm
3:30 pm - 7:00pm


tuesday2:00 pm - 6:00 pm


wednesday10:00 am - 1:30 pm
3:30 pm - 7:00pm


thursdayclosed


friday11:00 am - 6:00 pm


saturdayby appointment only




 

insurance plans chiropractic has been established as a healing art for over 100 years and, like any time-tested profession, has made many advancements. due to chiropractic’s proven track record, effectiveness and public demand, most, if not all, insurance plans cover chiropractic care.
read more
 

about us dr. rich was raised in little falls, new jersey. he received his doctorate degree from life university in 1997, which was followed by work in private, as well as group practices, for several years.
read more
 



© 2025 dr. rich bodnarchuk
website by dozing dog design




























