


blank title - dry erase-plus boards, overlays, trackless room dividers, moveable wall partitions - jml products and design lifetime warranty



































blank title





				dry erase-plus boards, overlays, trackless room dividers, moveable wall partitions - jml products and design lifetime warranty
			



				dry erase-plus dry erase boards - jml products and design
			



				dry erase skin overlay seamless dry erase -plus indoor outdoor - jml products and design
			



				dry erase grids, graphs, and logos
			



				dry erase paint
			



				manufacturer moveable wall partitions room dividers - jml products and design
			


































 

 | home |     | dry erase |    | dry erase-plus skins |   | dry erase grids / logos |   | dry erase-plus paint |    | movable walls |     | services |     | site map - site search |     | contact us |  

toll-free 1-888-877-2261

 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

     dry erase -plus   lifetime warranty

                     our prices are the lowest... guaranteed !  

 

 

  

      dry erase -plus™  is the #1 dry erase board surface available!  indoor and outdoor use.  easily wipe clean dry erase markers, regular markers, permanent markers, spray paint, glue, and tape adhesive... even if they were all made last month...  

(see our 6-1/2 week "everything still comes off" test!).  since we manufacture, we can produce any size dry erase board surface that you need: from smaller home office dry erase boards, 16 foot seamless school dry erase boards, to conference room dry erase boards covering entire walls. need a 75 foot long continuous dry erase surface... we can do it!  have an existing chalk board that you would like to upgrade, check out our dry erase board skins and overlays.  perfect for the hard use of busy meeting rooms and classrooms. clean without ghosting!  we manufacture crack-free dry erase boards for magnetic and any use. continuous writing surfaces up to 100 feet long!

 

   dry erase -plus™  overlays and skins   our skins have the adhesive already applied!  simply remove the protective backing and apply the surface directly to your wall, chalkboard, or previous dry erase surface. perfect solution.   resurface your chalkboard or previous dry erase board or apply directly to your walls. available in white and transparent. our transparent skin allows you to have a custom dry erase surface that matches the color of your wall!  ask us how you can easily cut this product to make dry erase surfaces of unlimited sizes and shapes!  continual lengths up to 100' long!

    dry erase -plus™ magnetic overlays and skins  our magnetic skins are made from galvanized metal with our high performance dry erase surface.  upgrade your conference room or school for a fraction of the price.

                               

click here for an executive summary overview or for the dry erase boards main page.

 

interested in a product that shows true value and meets the needs of your customers...  be a dry erase mural wall / dry erase paint  installer. we have distributorships available... call us at toll-free at 1.888.877.2261 !   we are the innovators of the repairable dry erase systems. 

 

 

 





 


                                                                                                     

 

 

       movable wall partitions / room dividers        

                  

     all of the walls look and feel like conventional walls; yet its the design that makes the difference!

    

    trackless, beautiful, functional... jml has the moveable wall partition for you! with trackless wall partitions you can divide your meeting space or conference room into almost any size. talk about performance... our walls easily move to create smaller or larger areas within a single room; plus, they can re-locate to another room or building if you decide to divide that room  too.  these walls are modular so they are easy to install, change or add-to; they are demountable so they are easy to remove and relocate; and they are moveable so you can move a wall within a room by simply gliding it across the floor! our walls are floor supported eliminating costly above ceiling construction. with our sound reduction core, this  innovative moveable wall contains sound absorbing layers (up to est. 50 stc). the walls are modular featuring dry erase-plus™ dry erase board writing surfaces, glass surfaces, doors, baked finishes, paint-able surfaces, pass thru, windows and much more... creating the ultimate room divider.  see how moveable wall partitions / room dividers are more quickly depreciable (see savings) than tracked partitions. jml walls are the answer.  check out these walls!

 

 

jml movable walls are conventional looking walls with all these advantages:

 every semi-permanent wall section stands on its own and is trackless. 

    install walls quickly without construction downtime or expense.

    trackless allows track-free ceilings and floors.

    high quality walls give the look and feel of beautiful space.

    we make stationary walls and walls that slide allowing you to quickly change the size of any room.

 

 every wall section is modular and can be interchanged. 

    wall sections can be solid walls, doors, windows, pass-thru. we build to your needs.

    dry erase (magnetic!) sections built into the walls. the ultimate in look and performance.

    need quite rooms? our walls offers multi-layers of multi-dimensional soundproofing.

 

 every wall section is demountable so it can be easily installed and moved if desired.

    like lego™ pieces, our walls simply fit into each other.  easy to compile and take apart. once assembled, the wall commercially "locks" into place.

    jml understands the monetary investment that is necessary for building office space.  our walls stay with you. if you reconfigure your office space, or move to a new location,  jml walls travel with you. your investment is secure.

 

 every completed wall section can be stationary or moveable.

    our movable walls are designed to stay where you assemble them and then slide to anyplace on the floor.

    our stationary walls are designed to stay where they are assembled, be unassembled when desired, then assembled again in a new location.

 

for all of your movable wall needs

partition walls  trackless wall systems  demountable walls  room dividers  modular walls

 

 

 

this month's specials...

free dry erase-plus™ surface top or bottom on one complete side in a moveable wall order of 250 feet or more...

we are looking for european distributors; call us 1.816.728.2261...

distributors and installers for dry erase -plus are invited to contact us regarding all of our product lines; we drop-ship orders for you with your company information. to find out more, call us at 1.888.877.2261...

 

 

additional pages of interest:

 

  executive summary

 

  to learn more... about us

 

  links   visit our dedicated dry erase plus site at  www.dryeraseplus.com 

 

 

 | home |     | dry erase |    | dry erase-plus skins |   | dry erase grids / logos |   | dry erase-plus paint |    | movable walls |     | services |     | site map - site search |     | contact us |  



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

questions or comments...
telephone 
  
voice 
    toll free  1.888.877.2261    local to 816 and 913 area codes 816.728.2261 
international  1.816.728.2261 
  
fax  
    1.816.524.8490 
  
electronic mail 
general information and sales: sales@jmlproductsanddesign.com
webmaster: webmaster@jmlproductsanddesign.com 
comment form: click here 

_______________________________________

 

 

_____

 

 

 

 

dry erase-plus™ home office dry erase boards can be made to your detailed specifications for the same square foot cost as a standard size board, and in any color.  

 

dry erase-plus™ mobile dry erase boards give you the finest writing surface for your mobile presentations; write, post, and project to your white (or custom color!) surface. logos available under the surface! tell us your needs and we can design the perfect board for you and for every person on your staff.

 

dry erase-plus™ school dry erase boards offer clean erasing after every use. looking for specifically designed school dry erase boards that can take the hard use... you have come to the right place! our dry erase-plus™ graffiti resistant surface handles permanent markers, regular markers, pens, pencils, crayons, tapes, glues, and even spray paint (test results inside). teachers love dry erase-plus™ surfaces because it is dent resistant and scratch resistant. students love to be able to easily read from the easy-read board surface, and the teachers love it when the students can. chalk dust is eliminated along with cleaning erasers and the mess it creates in the computers and machinery. save money on cleaning products and custodial cleaning time - these school dry erase boards clean without ghosting every time. look inside and see how we can save your school the cost of upgrading to the best school dry erase boards available in just the first year! that means that you will save that amount every following year! ask about special discounts that are available for not-for-profit schools and organizations who are upgrading chalkboard surfaces and dry erase surfaces.

   

dry erase-plus™  office dry erase boards gives you that picture perfect presentation every time. impressive mural units allows you to have entire walls of magnetic dry erase surfaces.  use our skin to create seamless dry erase up to 100 feet in length. let us handle all of your office dry erase boards needs and help you keep your presentations always looking sharp!

 

dry erase-plus™ delivers picture perfect, ghost-free cleaning, every time... whether your needs are for home office dry erase boards, school dry erase boards, or corporate office dry erase boards... we have it all; custom colors in all sizes, while saving you money on special cleaners and maintenance hours.  see more about this amazing product...  

 

 

about  brochures  ceramic on steel  chalkboard replacement  clean dry erase  convert chalkboard to dry erase  dry erase boards  distributors  dry erase photo gallery dry erase plus skin  dry erase pricing  dry erase overlay  dry erase paint  dry erase skin  dry erase skin installation guide  overlay installation guide with pictures  dry erase pricing  dry erase selection  executive summary  feedback  graphs, grids, and graphics  home  information request form  installation dry erase wallpaper  installer contact form  links  magnetic dry erase  mastheads  movable walls and room dividers  movable wall partitions  movable wall picture gallery  news  perlitecrete   porcelain on steel  price savings calculator  semi-permanent movable wall installation  services  track partitions wall installation   website inquiries 

 

 installation video dry erase plus skin for chalkboards, metal, glass, plexiglas, upgrade dry erase boards  

 

to quickly find keywords on our website you can search here or on our site map - site search page

 type in the keywords in the search engine of your choice, 
 select "search", 
 and scroll back to this section to view the list! 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

      

   
    


 



jml search website for: 



 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

about  brochures  ceramic on steel  chalkboard replacement  clean dry erase  convert chalkboard to dry erase  dry erase boards  distributors  dry erase photo gallery dry erase plus skin  dry erase pricing  dry erase overlay  dry erase paint  dry erase skin  dry erase skin installation guide  overlay installation guide with pictures  dry erase pricing  dry erase selection  executive summary  feedback  graphs, grids, and graphics  home  information request form  installation dry erase wallpaper  installer contact form  links  magnetic dry erase  mastheads  movable walls and room dividers  movable wall partitions  movable wall picture gallery  news  perlitecrete   porcelain on steel  price savings calculator  semi-permanent movable wall installation  services  track partitions wall installation   website inquiries  

video and pictorial of installation on surfaces like metal, chalkboards, dry erase boards, and hardboard  

 

 
copyright © 2008 companylongname
last modified: 06/08/08 

















 

 



web hosting by dot5hosting







    				dry erase-plus boards, overlays, trackless room dividers, moveable wall partitions - jml products and design lifetime warranty
    			



    				dry erase-plus dry erase boards - jml products and design
    			



    				dry erase skin overlay seamless dry erase -plus indoor outdoor - jml products and design
    			



    				dry erase grids, graphs, and logos
    			



    				dry erase paint
    			



    				manufacturer moveable wall partitions room dividers - jml products and design
    			














