the neighborhood design center
    menu-close
  
    menu-open
  menuthe neighborhood design centerabout uswhat we dowho we arepartners + sponsorsour workcase studiesproject snapshotswork with usour servicespro bono designget involvedvolunteerdonatecareers at ndcresourcesideas + insightsndc publicationsaction guidesnews + storiesstay connectedspeaking engagementspresseventsthe neighborhood design centeris the trusted non-profit to call when you want to get things done. since 1968, we’ve worked on more than 4,000 community-led projects in baltimore city and prince george’s county, maryland.what we dopartners with residents and local leaders to envision better parks, revitalize commercial districts, develop greening strategies, and make our public spaces more vibrant, safe, and sustainable. our serviceshow we kickstart projectswhen a community has a vision — but lacks resources or meets systemic roadblocks — the neighborhood design center can help. we bring people together, build capacity, conduct research, and provide top-notch design and planning services (often for pro bono). with the right tools, communities can secure funding for implementation and maintenance, and bring their dreams to life.123addressing historic inequityfrom our founding over fifty years ago, our mission has always been to serve low- and moderate- income communities affected by institutional neglect. we redirect resources to underserved areas because everyone deserves healthy, high-quality public spaces.what our partners have to sayslide 1 of 6“we’ve done a number of projects with ndc. all of them have been spectacular. my 14 years of working with them have been nothing less than great.”— gwendolyn clerkley, department of public works and transportation“ndc is without a doubt one of our most prized partners. their unique set of services cannot be secured anywhere else, at any cost.”— margaret morgan hubbard, eco-city farm“being a part of the ndc board has allowed me to build stronger connections to my prince george’s county community and see change happening each day.” — sonja ewing, aicp, ndc board member“working with ndc has taught me to listen to every unique voice in a design process and to always include those voices in design decisions.”— carol currotto, interior designer“i could not tell you where a better group of people exist than within neighborhood design center. wherever they are, that is exactly where change is happening.”— kristina williams, former ndc board president“their staff are knowledgeable, skillful at customizing their service to the practical needs of our community, and friendly to work with.”— brad pudner, public works director123resourcesview allwe consider ourselves leaders in the field of community design. check out our ndc-designed guidebooks, reading recommendations, and more.the blueprintbest practices and principles for conducting meaningful engagement and community-led projectssignal station north lighting guidebookpractical tools, critical theory, and inspiration for neighborhood light projectsnews + storiesview allread up on events we’re hosting, project updates, and insightful thought leadership pieces.news, storiesmarch 30, 2025inviting light: everything you need to know about this innovative projecteventsfebruary 7, 2025inviting light community kick-off at the parkway: february 7, 2025newsfebruary 3, 2025federal guidelines now include asphalt art in the roadway design toolkitstoriesjanuary 22, 2025made you look tabling eventsstoriesjanuary 18, 2025ndc director jen goold’s op-ed about the power of urban farmseventsdecember 20, 2024save the date for grassroots designfest: march 29, 2025volunteer opportunitiesview allcheck back soon! more to come...baltimorecheck back soon! more to come... prince george's countyfeatured case studyview allfoundation for the advancement of music & education: redesigning educational spaces to support young musiciansthe city is yours.contact usprivacy policynewsletter