



the immanuel velikovsky archive

































                      this archive is being maintained by a team of historians 
                      to ensure the integrity and preservation of immanuel velikovsky’s 
                      unpublished writings; it is strictly non-profit and its 
                      sole purpose is the advancement of education and scholarship.














 
 







search this site with 












                          we welcome your comments: 








 
days and years, an autobiography giving an account 
                of  velikovsky’s 
                life from the earliest years until 1958. 


before 
                the day breaks, the story of velikovsky’s discussions 
                with einstein on the role of electromagnetism in the universe.


in 
                the beginning, the story of the catastrophes that preceded 
                those described in worlds in collision.


the 
                dark age of greece, a critical examination of the mysterious 
                gap of close to five centuries thought to follow the mycenaean 
                civilization. 


the 
                assyrian conquest, a volume in the  ages 
                in chaos  
                series, covering the period from the end of the amarna period 
                to the time of ramses ii.


collected 
                essays, comprising articles and fragmentary manuscripts 
                such as shamir, the secret of baalbek, sinai 
                and olympus, test of time, the orbit and the 
                ‘observer’ editorials.


the 
                psychoanalytic papers from the years between the two world 
                wars when velikovsky was a practicing psychoanalyst.


correspondence 
                selections from velikovsky’s scholarly correspondence spanning 
                more than fifty years.
more federn correspondence from 1957-58 


lectures 
                including an  audio recording of velikovsky’s 
                talk at eastern baptist college in wayne, pennsylvania and transcripts 
                from the 1974 aaas symposium.


velikovsky: 
                bonds of the past, a film by henry 
                zemel, available for viewing in either windows 
                media player format or realplayer 
                format.


 


 copyright © 1999 by shulamit v. kogan & ruth 
            v. sharon
            visitors are kindly requested to observe the fair 
            use provisions of the copyright act (sect. 107).
 






