






home - our redeemer lutheran church and school





































































ministries

worship
missions & outreach
family life


online giving
school
event registration
get involved!
contact us
join a study
 


select page


  
 
 











you belong

because of him







worship with us

saturday:4:30pm blended worshipsunday:9:00am contemporary worship10:30am traditional worship

communion is served on the first and third weekends of each month at all services.





bible study notes



online giving



previous sermons







livestream with us

thursdays (sep-may): 9:30am bible studysunday: 9:00am contemporary worship / 10:30am traditional worship





























going to the lord in crisis
during this pandemic, is jesus asleep? doesn’t he care that there are those who are perishing? read how we are shaping our ministry response during these uncertain days.

read more





worship
we continue to offer in-person and online worship. hand sanitizer stations are located throughout the building, and masks are available upon request.

worship info





caring for others
we are called to be present in the lives of others. prayer requests are welcome and encouraged!

we are here for you!







walk with our faith community
we encourage you to stay connected! 
visit rightnow media for online christian videos, bible studies, sermons and family-friendly programming. feel free to share with your friends and neighbors. contact us to set up your free account!





faithfully supporting
we continue to show up as a people of god! as we work to provide innovative ways for our faith community to stay connected, generosity continues to play a vital role in being present in the lives of our church family and neighbors.

online giving





family life
family life ministry aims to grow everyone, regardless of age or family status, to become more like jesus in a way that they become more faithful disciples who are doing the same for others. as a community of believers, we gather regularly in fellowship to encourage and support one another as we walk through life together.

family life











for requests, idea-sharing, and helping out, contact us! 





pastoral care and spiritual growth: peter.heckert@orlctosa.org 
parish schedule and information: jenny.beyer@orlctosa.org 
prayer requests: prayers@orlctosa.org  
technology / livestream ideas & issues: jamie.kohlmeier@orlctosa.org
education: trevor.timm@orlctosa.org



needs (to provide or receive): church@orlctosa.org
family life: lori.sansoucie@orlctosa.org  
supporting your ministry: laura.kohlmeier@orlctosa.org 
communication and events: kirsten.johnson@orlctosa.org 








connect with us.
don’t miss out! subscribe to our mailing list and stay up to date with upcoming events and announcements from our redeemer!
need answers right away? call 414.258.4555.
 







name


email address






14 + 3 = 


submit











our mission:









serving god by serving others. (matthew 20:25-28)







our vision:









a community of believers energized and equipped for active discipleship sharing the message of jesus’ love and salvation to the glory and honor of our heavenly father.





our redeemer lutheran | 10025 w north ave, wauwatosa, wi 53226 | (414) 258-4555



 







ministries
online giving
school
event registration
get involved!
contact us
join a study
 
 


 

 
 
 
















