

 





texas personal injury attorney [voted #1 2025] | personal injury lawyers tx


















































about us

firm profile
reviews
community
in the news
video center


cases we handle

car accidents
lyft accidents
personal injury
truck accidents
uber accidents
underride truck accidents
wrongful death
+ view all


faq’s

defective products faq’s
motorcycle accident faq’s
personal injury faq’s
+ view all faqs


blog
contact us
 


free case evaluation
(713) 888 – 9000



menu














free case evaluation



no fee unless we win
helping injured people get their lives back
multi-millions won for our clients
free case evaluation











one
25+ years of experience
our extensive legal experience can help make a significant impact on the successful resolution of your case. 


two
board-certified in personal injury trial law
less than 10% of texas personal injury lawyers are honored with this distinction by the texas board of legal specialization.


three
award winning law firm
scott callahan has been voted as a texas super lawyer every year for the last 12 years. only 5% of texas attorneys are named as a super lawyer each year. 


four
multi-million dollar advocates forum® member
our success in the courtroom has helped us become proud members of the multi-million dollar advocates forum®.







texas personal injury attorney


why partner with us?

no travel to our office necessary
we offer zoom meetings
no money upfront | no money out-of-pocket
we update you regularly about your case
we build the strongest case for the best results
we work closely with medical experts
we accept cases in all states
we make sure you don’t get taken advantage of by insurance companies
for 25 years, we’ve stood up for injured people and their families



we understand that every case is different and every client is unique. 
if you were injured by a distracted driver or lost a loved one due to a hazardous product, we are here to assist you. our texas personal injury attorney represents individuals and their families in wrongful death and serious injury cases. we recognize that each case is distinct and every client is unique. we take pride in maintaining a personal connection with every client we serve. we also understand the emotional and financial challenges that accidents, injuries, and unexpected deaths impose on victims and their families. when you choose scott callahan to handle your case, you gain an experienced texas board-certified personal injury trial lawyer who is committed to fighting for justice.
you can count on us to provide the personal attention you deserve and the aggressive, professional, and ethical representation you need.
read more

what makes us different
attorney scott callahan is a nationally recognized, board-certified personal injury lawyer who has secured millions in compensation for injury victims across texas. for the past 25 years, he has dedicated his practice to upholding victims’ rights in both state and federal courts. if you have suffered a catastrophic injury due to another person’s negligence or wrongdoing, you need an experienced, dedicated attorney who isn’t afraid to take on insurance companies or corporate giants. 
our katy car accident lawyer is prepared to take your case to trial to ensure you receive the compensation necessary to restore your family’s well-being. accidents resulting in serious injuries can have a lifelong impact, requiring years of medical treatment, leading to lost wages, and incurring substantial out-of-pocket expenses. you should never have to bear the financial burden of someone else’s wrongdoing.
call (713) 888-9000 or fill out our online contact form to get your case started. all consultations are free and confidential. we are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

















meet scott


scott callahan

“a lot of people think that the best lawyers are the ones who argue.  that’s simply not true.  the most effective, or best, lawyer is the one who listens.”

founder- trial attorney

meet scott

















reviews & testimonials




“experience & professionalism made a difficult situation easier”
consistent communication along with their experience and professionalism made a difficult situation easier to handle. they worked hard to provide the best possible outcome for me and i believe they achieved that goal.thank you for everything!
matt weintritt
google review







“no surprises or lapses in communication”
scott callahan was completely open and available throughout the entire process from the accident to final settlement. no surprises or lapses in communication. he and his staff were always polite and helpful. he helped turn a very difficult and confusing time to comfort...
selina aubin
google review







“very professional & responsive to any questions i had”
scott handled my case against 6 different defendants and did a fantastic job. i'm so very thankful to him and his staff for how my case turned out. i highly recommend him. scott and his office was very professional and responsive to any questions or concerns i had...
lucien walker
google review







"made us feel extremely comfortable and he made sure we understood everything"
scott callahan was recommended by an acquaintance who was in a similar situation as my fiancé. i must say scott is absolutely wonderful. he is very professional, caring, and passionate. he always kept us up to date with the case and made us feel extremely comfortable and he made sure we understood everything that was going on. i highly recommend him.
stephanie gonzalez
google review





view more testimonials






areas of practice


car accidents


industrial accidents


defective products


burns


brain injuries


dog attacks


truck accidents


work injuries


wrongful death


view all practice areas








recent case results




$3.3 m
auto-truck wreck
commercial truck wreck resulting in a $3.3 million settlement






$900 k
auto-truck wreck
an auto-truck wreck case that concluded with a $900,000 settlement






 $conf.
premises case
a premises case that concluded with a
multi-million dollar
confidential settlement






$850 k
work injury
a work injury case that concluded with an $850,000 settlement






 $conf.
premises case
confidential settlement for severe injury at a medical facility




view more results








newsworthy attorneys
nationwide coverage
























contact our texas personal injury lawyers today for a free consultation
our texas personal injury lawyers are leaders in the community, fighting for what is right and ensuring that responsible parties are held liable for their wrongdoing.
if you were injured due to someone else’s negligence, contact our office today for a free consultation. we handle cases on a contingency-fee basis, meaning that you never pay unless we win.
experience the difference at scott callahan & associates. 
call (713) 888-9000 or fill out our online contact form to get your case started. all consultations are free and confidential. we are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.












                scott callahan & associates believe
in giving back              

organizations we support:

fort bend county animal control
the ballard house
local charities in support of the houston crps community
music therapy department at memorial hermann tirr


learn more






















katy office
2717 commercial center boulevard, suite e200
katy, texas 77494

get directions



telephone
(713) 888 – 9000


linkedin
facebook
instagram





request your
free consultation
please fill out the form below and we will get back
to you as soon as possible. virtual consultations are available.
all fields are required*






name(required)phone(required)email(required)

please describe your case(required)phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ








    © copyright 2025 scott callahan & associates - all rights reserved | katy car accident lawyer | katy, tx personal injury lawyer


























