










welcome to ts paints







welcome to ts
                      paints, home of multiple world, nsba, and futurity
                      champions, bred, developed, exhibited and loved by
                      tacklind and sachs.  we are currently on the
                      apha leading breeders list for performance point
                      earners, listed since 2008.  we bred and
                      raised ratta tat tat who was on the apha leading
                      dams list for more than a decade, beginning in
                      2003.  ratta tat tat was inducted into the
                      pinto equine hall of fame in 2015 for her amazing
                      offspring who we continue to succeed with. 
                      additionally, our mare zippity do what has been
                      standing #1 on the apha leading dams list since
                      2017.  melissa sachs is a certified apha
                      professional horseman and a member of the
                      following associations:  american paint horse
                      association (apha), american pinto horse
                      association (ptha), national snaffle bit
                      association (nsba), and american quarter horse
                      association (aqha).  she is a world champion
                      trainer, exhibitor, instructor, and breeder. 
                      we maintain a very small, but focused breeding
                      program, ensuring 100% of our foals become
                      champions in the discipline or disciplines they
                      were bred for.

                       lessons and training
                        available in a beautiful friendly setting. 
                        start out safe and correct!  western,
                        english, showmanship, trail, and longe line
                        lessons are available by appointment for first
                        time beginner riders through world show winners,
                        six days a week.  safe, sweet lesson horses
                        available to ride, or haul in your own horse. we
                        have experience with people of all ages, and has
                        worked with special needs students. 

melissa sachs is an apha world
                        champion, ptha world champion, and nsba champion
                        in trail and discipline rail (english and
                        western) and is available to do trail and
                        discipline rail clinics by appointment.

 

                      let us know how we can help you reach your equine
                      dreams and goals.
                        
                      you can contact melissa at 408-483-4811


































full
                      service private facility
ts paints âœ¿ sachs paints
                      morgan hill, ca






2003-2022 â©
          copyright ts paints. all rights reserved.


