














































cleaning services - top cleaning company | maid brigade


















find a location 








button menu mobile



careers
own a franchise



cleaning services





back


cleaning services


house cleaning
business cleaning
green cleaning




disinfection services





back


disinfection services


residential disinfection
commercial disinfection




our purecleaning process





back


our purecleaning process


purecleaning faqs
what is electrolyzed water?




meet maid brigade


get started





your local maid brigade


find a location

get started









professional cleaning services 
live life doing what you enjoy
imagine more time to chase your dreams, without a to-do list stealing your spotlight.



enter zip/postal code



find a location






















imagine more freedom…
with maid brigade, you can.



					decades of trusted cleaning experience.
				

					every maid brigade employee is screened, trained and insured.
				

					we take care of our customers by taking care of our employees.
				

					cleaning, vacuuming, and disinfecting: we offer a full range of cleaning services personalized for your home.
				







purecleaning®
house cleaning 
and maid services



 



purecleaning®
the healthiest and most advanced house cleaning and disinfection system available.
learn more



  



home cleaning
sparkling clean homes enhance your family’s well-being.
learn more



  



business cleaning
our commercial disinfection services create happier employees and customers.
learn more



 





testimonials
what our customers have to say




i always look forward to welcoming the maid brigade ladies into my home. i get to relax and enjoy the morning, and before i know it, my entire home is clean and sparkly from top to bottom. thank you. thank you. thank you.

judie c.




if it wasn’t for maid brigade, i don’t think i could live in my home. every month, the efficient, friendly crew shows up and does a thorough cleaning. when they are done, everything looks brand-new, beautiful, everything smells good, and i am so happy to have found this great service.

liv v.




we recently moved to the area and are very happy that we chose maid brigade. they do an excellent job every time. they provide their arrival time and are always punctual. it is also important to us that they use environmentally friendly cleaning products. the cleaning crew works fast and they are very thorough. we have had no complaints and i highly recommend them!!

gerry f.




i’m continually impressed with the thoroughness, efficiency and professionalism of my maid brigade cleaning crew. they clean my home like it’s their own.

rob n.








live life doing what you enjoy, 
not cleaning
the benefits of professional house cleaning go beyond the sparkle. for some of our customers it gives comfort and a sense of peace. for some it simply gives back precious time.
find your local maid brigade






























a cleaning company
you can trust
maid brigade is deeply integrated into local communities. we live in the same neighborhoods as our clients. our mission is to provide cleaner and healthier homes to those we service. 
what sets our people apart


community
our people are wonderful women and men who are upstanding members of their communities.


training
our team is trained to know professional cleaning techniques, equipment and solutions








consistent. 
hard working. 
trustworthy.
at the end of the day it’s about you having a clean home, the way you want it, when you want it. we work hard to make it happen and earn your trust. get started today.



enter zip/postal code



find a location














company
about us
careers
own a franchise
location
accessibility


contact
corporate contact
submit a quality card
faqs
get a free estimate
coronavirus response


community
blog
newsroom






© 2025 maid brigade. all rights reserved.
site map
privacy policy
terms of service























