





alpine pharmaceuticals – we are the arnica experts and makers of sinecch

























		skip to content










 





home
about
sinecch
contact us
 

 







 







 







main menu

 









aboutaccessibility statementcontact ushomesinecchterms of service | privacy policy 









 




the arnica experts!

homeopathic arnica montanareduces post-op swelling and bruising*
clinically supported
helps relieve bruising, swelling, and muscle pain from minor injuries*

learn more





*claims based on traditional homeopathic practice, not accepted medical evidence. not fda evaluated.


benefits of homeopathic arnica montana



treats
minor bruising and swelling*



relieves
pain, stiffness, & muscle soreness due to minor injury, accident, or over exertion.*



recovery
minor injury or accident, overuse through sports or daily activities, pain management for minor injuries*






what is arnica
arnica is a daisy-like plant that grows wild in the swiss alps and alpine meadows in northern and central europe and the pacific northwest. the arnica plant contains compounds that relieve bruising, swelling, muscle pain, and stiffness.*




what is herbal arnica
herbal arnica is made from an arnica tincture and contains a measurable amount of the arnica plant.  herbal arnica has been used for centuries to reduce swelling and bruising and shorten the recovery period from minor physical traumas such as accidents or injuries.*
the arnica plant and its herbal tincture can be toxic as they contain higher quantities of the raw plant material.  these should not be taken by mouth.
the us fda regulates herbal products as dietary supplements.

learn more





what is homeopathic arnica
due to the extreme dilutions used as a part of the manufacturing process of homeopathic medications, properly manufactured and labelled homeopathic medications are safe.*
the us fda regulates homeopathic medications as pharmaceutical products, and so these are held to a much higher standard than dietary supplements.




what is sinecch
sinecch is a unique, clinically supported high dosage regimen of homeopathic arnica dosed specifically for the reduction of post-op swelling and bruising.
as a properly manufactured and labeled homeopathic drug product, sinecch is non-toxic.

learn more





“the highest ideal of cure is rapid, gentle and permanent restoration of the health, or removal and annihilation of the disease in its whole extent, in the shortest, most reliable, and most harmless way, on easily comprehensible principles.”
dr. samuel hahnemannfounder of homeopathy


our commitment



passionate
we strive to produce pure, potent single ingredient remedies. it is our core purpose to further the integrity and acceptance of homeopathy as a viable, respected medical modality by supplying the world with reliable homeopathic remedies.



professional
hahnemann laboratories, inc. manufactures our homeopathic single ingredient remedies following us fda regulations for current good manufacturing practices (cgmp) for pharmaceuticals and the homeopathic pharmacopoeia of the united states (hpus) for homeopathic pharmaceutical products.



traditional
to create high quality homeopathic remedies, using radically traditional manufacturing methods following the vision of hahnemann labs’ founder, the late michael quinn, a california licensed pharmacist, and that of dr. samuel hahnemann (1755-1843), a german physician and the founder of homeopathy.




contact us

email






 







we are a fda-regulated laboratory and mail-order pharmacy.
 











alpine pharmaceuticals, inc.san rafael, ca 94901
we are a mail-order pharmacy onlycall us1.(888).sinecch (746-3224)

 





business hours (pacific time)monday : 9:00 - 4:30 pmtuesday : 9:00 - 4:30 pmwednesday : 9:00 - 4:30 pmthursday : 9:00 - 4:30 pmfriday : 9:00 - 4:30 pmsaturday - closedsunday - closed

 



sinecch
about
contact us
privacy policy
accessibility statement
 









*claims based on traditional homeopathic practice, not accepted medical evidence. not fda evaluated.
copyright © 2025 alpine pharmaceuticals | powered by astra wordpress
 










 scroll to top







