





secret shopper - the premier mystery shopping company





































contact us at (763) 525-1460




shopper portal
client portal





















client services



shoppers




                        about us
                    

our history
our approach
why secret shopper®




request quote


sign up to shop












the premier mystery shopping company





measure the customer experience.




measure your brand's reputation.




measure your effectiveness.




measure what matters.






measure what matters.


client resources
shopper resources











measuring what matters

                from global enterprises to local businesses, our user-friendly platform generates relevant insights that cannot be underestimated. our mystery shopping programs play a pivotal role in enhancing customer satisfaction and ensuring continued business growth.
            

learn more
request quote

















30+ years of experience





millions of evaluations completed





worldwide shopper base





customizable reporting analytics


















independent contractor (ic) mystery shoppers

become an independent contractor (ic) mystery shopper with us and enjoy the flexibility to choose when and where you want to shop. for over three decades, secret shopper® has consistently attracted the most exceptional mystery shoppers. you can conveniently use our mobile app or rely on the support of our in-house staff throughout your shopping journey!
we offer a variety of phone, in-person, and online shops for you to choose from.

learn more
sign up to shop!



















premier mystery shopping services delivered worldwide.




services



                                        onsite evaluations
                                    



                                        phone evaluations
                                    



                                        online evaluations
                                    

























try one of our free mystery shopping apps!














© secret shopper 2025
privacy statement
cookie policy
scam alert!
shopper contact
client contact













powered by vatic international








  




                this website and/or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary for their functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the cookie policy. if you want to learn more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to our cookie policy.

                

accept

                        learn more and customize
                    








