





marine dog pet supplies corporation-based in new york, established in 1999.



















 

$ currency 

€ euro
£ pound sterling
$ us dollar


 







 516-797-7738


 my account 

register
login



 wish list (0)
 shopping cart
 checkout









marine dog pet supplies corporation








 0 item(s) - $0.00

your shopping cart is empty!









categories



marine dog
marine dog junior








































why choose marine dog products?
 




marine dog®
leashes & leads designed for the
large dog (40 lbs. and up)



marine dog junior®
leashes & leads designed for the
small dog (40 lbs. and under)













 
product construction & assembly
by adhering to principles of design, and fundamentals of use, marine dog pet supplies corporation has introduced the first quality dog leashes & leads for small/large dogs.
marine dog pet supplies corporation leashes & leads are made by hand from the finest marine materials available.  we utilize a double-braided nylon design rope found only in the boating industry and compliment it with bronze from recycled boat propellers or high-grade stainless steel used in boat finishes.  the rope is made to resist kinking, elongation and has an excellent resistance towards abrasion.  the hardware is strong but lightweight while resisting rust, chips and pitting.
marine dog pet supplies corporation produces an easy to handle leash that is soft on your hands yet boasts between 1100 to 2000 pounds of tensel strength between marine dog® junior and marine dog® leashes and leads respectively.
marine dog pet supplies corporation provides you the peace of mind that your dog is safe, and secure while
offering style, comfort, versatility and ease of use.


links
                               



recalls
 recalls by pawdiet.com









information

in store only
live animals
grooming
about us
product information
product demonstrations



customer service

contact us
returns



extras

gift certificates



my account

my account
order history
wish list
newsletter




powered by opencart marine dog pet supplies corporation © 2025



