

neurogenetics at ut health science center



































select 

phenotype database
                      bxdphenotypedb
                      bxhphenotypedb
                      cxbphenotypedb
                      axb/bxaphenotypedb
                      femaleagingcolonydb
                      more...                      
                       
  

 
 


 site 
                        search 
 
 



































main




 


 
home









 






 
                



  neurogenetics online

  complex trait
                  consortium

  genenetwork

  mouse brain library

  iscope project

  neurocartographer

  citg memphis

  ibangs

  contact us






 








 welcome 
 to neurogenetics online







welcome to nervenet.org
                        and the informatics center for mouse neurogenetics. this
                        server hosts the mouse
                        brain library, an expanding collection
                        of high-resolution histological images,
						  atlases, mris, and databases on brain structure of
                        more than 120 different lines of mice. nervenet also
                        includes several useful genetics and gene mapping databases
                        to download (snp databases, map manager databases, and
                        the
						    portable dictionary of the mouse genome). the publications
                        section includes revised, expanded, and annotated papers,
                        tutorials, and reviews on neurogenetics, gene mapping,
                        complex trait analysis, stereology, and the
							  control of neuron number.
                              

                              to submit to the database of your choice use the
                              links  listed in the scroll-down menu at the top or use the [database
                              main page.]








 
annotated
                                list of papers reviews grants and abstracts [ html & pdf format ]





















 






elissa chesler reviewer response [mapping comparision plot, heritability expression and compare
									  colocalization] new
march, 2005




genomemixer: a complex genetic cross simulator [pdf]
november, 2004




seeing the unseen: microarray-based gene expression profiling in vision
october, 2004




a new set of bxd recombinant inbred lines from advanced intercross populations in mice [pdf]
april, 2004




genetic correlates of gene expression in recombinant inbred strains: a relational model system to explore neurobehavioral phenotypes

december, 2003




image registration using threefold orthogonal wavelet
december, 2003




a guide to building image-centric databases
december, 2003




subicular dendritic arborization in alzheimerï¿½s disease correlates with neurofibrillary tangle density
december, 2003




elastic 3-d alignment of rat brain histological images
december, 2003




design and implementation of software for assembly and browsing of 3d brain atlases
december, 2003




informatics center for mouse genomics the dissection of complex traits of the nervous system
december, 2003




developmental and genetic
									   control of cell number in retina 
aug 29, 2003




providing access to slide and tissue banks
march 2003





everyday bioinformatics for neuroscientists:from maps to microarrays

nov 02, 2002





bioinformatics 2002: a neuroscientist's guide to tools and techniques for mining and refining massive data sets

2002




surface alignment of an elastic body using a multi-resolution wavelet representation
december, 2003
















 
 
more...











brief contents
overview


short course tutorial in quantitative neurogenetics


efficient methods to quantify cells in thick or thin
                          sections, particularly direct three-dimensional counting
						  and several adaptations of the disector make it easier to obtain unbiased estimate of neuroanatomical
                          traits. as a practical matter, the
						 most important advance in quantitative
						   techniques has been the rapid hybridization of microscopes,
						 video systems, fast microcomputers, and powerful
						    application programs such as nih image. [more] 
                        

developmental and genetic
									   control of cell number in retina
this review is divided into sections that consider developmental, genetic,
						   and functional factors that modulate types and numbers of cells in the vertebrate retina from these two complementary
						    viewpoints.. [view paper]

providing access to slide and tissue banks
this paper describes highly effective bioinformatic and software solutions developed over the past three years in the laboratories of the informatics center for neurogenetics.  [more..]


a collaborative cross for high-precision complex trait analysis. ctc workgroup report


this report explains our reasoning and provides an outline of the methods and costs associated with making the collaborative cross. [read review]










 
the iscope project



iscope
what can i do with the iscope system?


internet microscopy from the university of tennessee in memphis


control a research-grade light microscope: by downloading our free control software (available for windows, linux and mac os x support), you can control one of our microscopes in real time from your desktop computer
						  and explore a wealth of mouse brain tissue.. 
                        [help]




 
the webqtl project



the webqtl project
what is webqtl?


the webqtl project


webqtl is an unique world wide web service that makes it possible for neurogeneticists to rapidly
						 identify and map genes and quantitative trait loci (qtl), particularly those related to brain structure
						  and behavior. webqtl allows rapid qtl mapping of cns traits for major recombinant inbred (ri) sets, for shared
						   intercrosses and backcrosses, and particularly for a very large advanced intercross population (the g10). (please see http://www.webqtl.org 
                        for further information) 







 
the complex trait consortium



ctc
review ctc publications and presentations


www.complextrait.org


quantitative genetics and qtl mapping  have undergone a revolution in the last decade. progress in the next decade promises to be even more rapid, and prospects for exploring the complex interplay between gene variants, disease, and the environment will be radically improved. 
                        [ctc publications]







 
neuroinformatics the human brain project




funding - the mbl and iscope projects are supported as part of the informatics
					   center for mouse neurogenetics, a human brain project/neuroinformatics program funded jointly by the national institute
					    of mental health, national institute on drug abuse, and the national science foundation (p20-mh 62009). more














 

news & updates
 






 

 genetic regulatory networks of the developing cerebellum
genomemixer
                      0.54c is a cross-platform application
						 that allows you to simulate complex multi-generational
                      breeding schemes.
watch gumbo 2.3 movie tutorial
gumbo v2.7 and aria 3-d v1.5 is also available
watch webqtl demo

 












 

mbl
 






 
the mbl process this manual
						 explains the process of embedding brain tissue in 12% celloidin, cutting the tissue with a microtome, staining and coverslipping the brain
						  sections, the images of which are then posted on the internet for research purposes.  
browse the library
brain atlases 8/2/02
horizontal a/j atlas. this is a high resolution (2.6µ/pixel) atlas in 8-bit color.

 












 

databases
 






 
databases and tables of mouse brain data.
phenome databases
genomic databases
 












 

downloads
 







 
genome mixer 0.54cmicroarray data 
                        submissions to arrayexpress. 
 



 
gumbo v2.7control a research-grade light microscope. 
 

 
aria 3d v1.5(automated remote image analysis)
						 for viewing focus-through movies and stereology. 

 










nervenet.org 2022 page maintained by r.williams | a.centeno  last 
updated: 


web server statistics report is available here







