












buffalo slot machine: play free buffalo slots online in 2025!





















 

menu
buffalo slot machine
real money buffalo slots
about us
contact





 

                                      buffalo slots                            

play free online buffalo slot machine games
buffalo-themed slot machines are among the most popular online casino games in the usa. their use of western themes and exciting features amount to an all-american experience, earning the games plenty of followers around the world. this page was created to feature and recommend the best buffalo slots. 
the most popular buffalo slot machine is without a doubt aristocrat games’ buffalo. since its original was released, there have been many follow-up versions with interesting variations, all of which will be explored on this page. if you’re yet to try the game, you’re in luck — we’ve supplied a free play demo below. 

play

the above demo cannot be played for real money but has been provided solely to introduce you to the game mechanics, its design, and the features. we believe that it’s important to recognize the biggest and best of all buffalo slots before we go further into detailing the wide range of other varieties. 
we’ve also provided many more opportunities to try great free buffalo slots, although it’s not just free games that we’ll be recommending. as you scroll further down the page, you’ll find several recommendations for the best and fairest real money slots that are well worth your time and money. 
top buffalo slot casino: free and real money slots
we always suggest players try free versions of buffalo slot machines before playing for real money. most importantly, this gives you a chance to try the game without any financial risk. in real money gameplay, there may be game features that require you to make choices, so why not make an educated choice? 
our top recommended games are available at a number of great online buffalo slot casinos, and the very best of these casinos have been listed below. here, you’ll be able to try hundreds of free slots. when you’re ready, you can make a deposit to play for real money.  




buffalo slots casino
welcome bonus
free slots
rating
trusted link
terms




sugarhouse
$250
200+ from 20+ sofrware developers
5/5
www.playsugarhouse.com
t&cs: deposit with code: 250match for 100% up to $250 on your first deposit. match bonus applied within 48 hours after claiming. only one 250match code may be utilized across all associated websites. full terms & conditions apply.




despite the smash-success of the aristocrat games buffalo slot online and at land-based casinos, the later versions in the buffalo series are yet to be adapted for online gameplay. for this reason, you’ll need to visit the best online slots casinos in the usa, where a much bigger selection of slot games is available to pick from.
in the upcoming section, we’ll go into further detail about these other versions and explain their basic features and more. 
overview of popular aristocrat buffalo slots
the original buffalo game was first released at land-based casinos in 2008 and immediately became a huge success. the game’s developer, aristocrat games, went straight to work on more exciting sequels of the slot, and now there are a total of six games in the buffalo series. 
although the original buffalo slot was released online in 2012, we’re still waiting for the other games in the series to be given the online treatment. below, we’ve gone into further detail about aristocrat’s buffalo games. if you’d like to try the other best free buffalo slots online, jump to the section below. 
original buffalo slot
it’s hard to say why exactly this buffalo slot machine has made such an impact with players, but it’s likely due to a balance of many things. while the game’s colorful neon aesthetics and animal sound effects are instantly engaging, it’s the exciting features that keep players coming back for more. 
buffalo is a 5×4 reel game that offers 1,024 ways to win. there are several exciting features that help boost the value of wins, including stacked buffalo symbols that can appear on multiple reels, a wild symbol, and a scatter symbol that can trigger a free spins bonus.  
buffalo gold slot machine
buffalo gold, the second most popular variant, is similar to the original buffalo casino game with an increased betting size of 60 cents. a major difference is the inclusion of 2x and 3x multipliers when wilds land, as opposed to multipliers being limited to the free spins round such as in the original. 
perhaps the most exciting thing about the game is the thrilling gold free spins bonus. this is triggered by landing three coin scatter symbols. in this bonus, you can collect gold heads, which will see different symbols be swapped to buffalos the more you collect, further boosting the potential of your wins. 



buffalo grand slot machine
as the title suggests, buffalo grand promises a bigger, more elegant version of the original.  the most obvious things that you’ll notice with this game is that the actual machines are a lot more high-tech than the original, and the animations and aesthetic have been given a more modern touch.  
as for the actual features, the game is essentially a rehash of the original, so you won’t be missing out on any of your favorite aspects. high rollers, in particular, will be drawn to the game due to its maximum betting size of $7,500 per spin, and minimum bets are increased to 75 cents. 
buffalo stampede slot
buffalo stampede features the same 1,024-line 5-reel set up as the original buffalo slot game. perhaps the largest major difference, aside from the minimum 75 cents per spin bet size and the design updates, is the inclusion of the expanding reels feature and the addition of some extra progressive jackpots. 
the expanding reels feature, or stampede, will happen at random when a herd of lassoed buffalo run across the reels. this can either add a sixth reel to the equation or alter the positions of some reels in order to boost your chances of winning jackpots. 
buffalo gold revolution
buffalo gold revolution is an updated version of the buffalo gold slot and adds an exciting jackpot bonus wheel to boost your wins. once three scatter coin symbols land, you will be taken to a jackpot wheel rather than head straight to the free spins bonus round.  
the options include coins/jackpots, which will award you coins or the progressive jackpot, then another spin of the wheel. extra heads will award you between one and three gold heads and an extra spin. you can keep spinning the wheel until you land on the free spins. 
the newest game: buffalo chief
the latest in the buffalo franchise is buffalo chief, which was released to much excitement in 2020. of course, you can expect state-of-the-art graphics and mechanics, but that’s not all. the game offers an enhanced experience with even more ways to win and the potential for larger stacks. 
two thrilling features include the supercoin, which can add up to 250 symbols during free spins rounds, and a gigantic stampede feature that offers a whopping 16,000 ways to win. better yet, gigantic stampede promises that a 5-of-a-kind buffalo will land across the reels.  
best free buffalo slots online: play now
if you’re worried that because most of these games aren’t available online, you won’t be able to enjoy the buffalo-themed fun, let us put your mind at ease. there are plenty of great free online buffalo slot games created by other highly reputable world-class software developers.  
below, you will find a list of the top free buffalo slots. be sure to click on the reviews for each for your chance to learns all of the features and rules, and of course, to play the slots for free. 

buffalo blitz slot

thundering buffalo slot

wild buffalo

buffalo king slot

buffalo spirit slot

white buffalo slot

double buffalo spirit

buffalo rising megaways

buffalo charge

thundering buffalo jackpot dash


using this guide is by far the best way to play free buffalo slots online and be introduced to the best casinos. we will always update this page with the latest and greatest buffalo games with free-to-play options, so be sure to return to this page regularly to stay up to date. 
of course, you can always play the games for real money. on each review, you will find recommendations and links to the top casinos so you can sign-up and claim welcome bonuses with ease.  
the best online buffalo slots await you
no matter what the reason is, it’s clear that slot players in the usa can’t get enough of buffalo-themed slots. in our expert opinion, we believe that the americana settings and the wild sound effects amount to a unique, unbeatable experience. of course, the numerous modern features go a long way too. 
if you’re looking for the best free or real money online buffalo-themed slots, be sure to make this page your first stop. we will always offer the most honest reviews from online casino experts while updating you with the latest news about additional updates to aristocrat games’ iconic buffalo series. if you’d like to try real money games, check out our guide to real money buffalo casino sites 
frequently asked questions
do you still have any queries about aristocrat games’ land-based buffalo series, or perhaps about alternative online buffalo slots? that’s okay — we’ve got you covered. here, you will find accurate and up-to-date answers to the most common questions about land-based and online buffalo-themed games.  

can i play buffalo slots online?
yes, you can play the buffalo game online. in fact, out of all the games in the aristocrat games series, the original buffalo slot is the only version that can be played online. if you’d like to try the game, then we suggest scrolling up to try our free-buffalo slots.  

 

if you’ve played the land-based version, you will notice that the online version offers the same special features, animations, sound effects and mechanics as the original. the only difference is that you can play this game from the comfort of your own home with very little effort! 
how do you win the buffalo slot machine?
out of all casino games, slot machines are perhaps the most reliant on luck. in saying that, there are things that are worth knowing before you start that could make your time and money more wisely spent. first, be sure to try the free-play version first so you understand the bet sizes, symbols and features. 

from here, you will just need to land a number of symbols across the winning paylines to trigger a win, with wilds, scatters and buffalo symbols enhancing the overall value of your wins. within the free spins rounds, you can boost your win value with multipliers.  
does the buffalo slot have a jackpot?
unfortunately, the original buffalo slot does not have a jackpot. the jackpot features were added to subsequent versions, including buffalo stampede and buffalo grand slots. that being said, there are still plenty of other ways to win, especially the free spins round. after all, there’s a reason the game remains so popular! 
are there any buffalo slot machine apps?
yes, there are several buffalo slot machine apps available in the apple app store and google play store, although these games are all free-to-play versions. if you’re looking for the top real money buffalo slot machine app experience, many great online casinos feature these games in their mobile-optimized platforms. 
can i play online buffalo slots for real money?
yes, you can play a number of online buffalo slots for real money that will cater to different budgets. there are several hugely popular and highly-reputable software developers that have created real money buffalo casino sites, meaning that there are some great options that are exciting, immersive, and most importantly, fair.  

in our reviews of buffalo-themed slots, you will find the opportunity to play the best buffalo slot games for free before you sign up with one of our recommended best online casinos. we suggest you try these demo versions before you pay so you can be sure that you understand the rules and features. 
who makes buffalo slots?
it’s important to consider the software developers behind games, as certain developers tend to have different reputations for fairness, quality, designs and special features. there are a number of top online slots developers behind the best online buffalo games.  

of these software providers, perhaps the most well-known are playtech and microgaming. both of these developers are known for creating some of the most popular online slots on the market, so you can be sure that their buffalo slots will pack a lot of punch while being fair. 





 






main pagesbuffalo slot machine
real money buffalo slots
free buffalo slotsbuffalo blitz
buffalo charge
buffalo king
buffalo rising megaways
buffalo spirit
double buffalo spirit
thundering buffalo
thundering buffalo jackpot dash
white buffalo
wild buffalo

 


copyright © 2025 | buffalobeast.com












