







chinquapin





































































































            resort
          

              rentals
            

        purchase
      

            store
          



            book your stay
          

















































resortrentalspurchasestore







a world apart 




book your stay









scroll
















   

chinquapin offers a variety of vacation rentals and homes on the beautiful north shore of lake tahoe. whether you are looking for a cozy and charming cabin or a luxurious lakeside mansion, you will find options to suit different tastes and budgets. enjoy picturesque landscapes, exclusive beach privileges, and convenient access to a variety of outdoor activities throughout the year. whether you are planning a holiday retreat or considering an investment opportunity, contact us to learn more about the rental and real estate options available.
















welcome to chinquapin











  

dive in to a lakefront escape…chinquapin is 95 wooded acres along a mile of lake tahoe’s pristine shore. secluded coves, sandy beaches, towering evergreens and natural wildflowers reflect in the crystal clarity of lake tahoe, creating one of nature’s awe inspiring sights. chinquapin has something for everyone – the cozy getaway for the two of you, the family vacation, family reunion or corporate retreat – our wide variety of town homes and condominiums can accommodate your needs. between our one to five bedroom units, we will help you choose from our lakefront, lake view, and forest view accommodations to give you the perfect lake tahoe vacation. 

 




 

take a look around

  











book your stayview our wide variety of vacation rentals ranging from one to five bedroom accommodations.




    learn more
  













amenitiestake a look around chinquapin and everything the property has to offer.




    learn more
  













packageslooking for something to make your stay even more special? check out our current specials.




    learn more
  



what’s new?



















    take a look at our new rentals
  













booking for summer 2025?
we can’t wait to see you.



book here 


















looking for a ski lease?
let chinquapin be your winter escape.



take a look

































new page



new page



new page



new gallery



















our propertiesownerspackard realtycontactgallery










