







the sacred window – ayurveda for pregnancy, childbirth and postpartum care









































the sacred window
ayurveda for pregnancy, childbirth and postpartum care











menu
skip to content
welcome!

news about ysha oakes


professional training

frequently asked questions


ysha blogs
directory
 






 ayurveda offers newly birthed mothers and babies holistic rejuvenation and nutrition practices that lead to lasting, feel-good results.
avoid problems with overwhelm, colic, lactation, mood and weight through these ancient, tried and true methods of ayurvedic postpartum care.
















welcome dear ones!


baby making and motherhood can be a fast-track path of evolution, yet you and i both know there are obstacles and detours — which easily obscure this benefit. the postpartum window tends to present a big y in the road for a mother’s physical and often mental health because we are extra fragile. so the long lasting effects of this time begin with care practices within the first half-hour after birth.
baby-love is such an important power in the natural bonds of heart and spirit. there is sacred shakti present in this bond that naturally supports mother’s rejuvenation and baby’s growth. especially with the many challenges of childbirth that so many experience–from exhaustion and loneliness to negativity in the environment or a dural tube puncture in surgical birth–mama and baby can both suffer. in any case, innocent love and commitment are often not enough to nourish the natural, dynamic process of recovery and evolution. frequently, mother and baby need professional care.  and that’s where ayudoulas come in! (check out this new ayurvedic postpartum caregiver directory on one of our affiliates’ sites.)
compassion and love are prime motivators for choosing a career as a maternal and newborn care professional. but often the skill sets and understanding are not enough. fortunately for everyone involved in this sacred work, ayurveda integrates a complete care paradigm with the soul’s purpose to really serve a new mother and baby. to get an idea of how ayurveda views postpartum care, read a few of our blogs from past years, or watch my welcome video!
there are mother-care traditions in many cultures with remnants of memory about postnatal care practices, but much of this important information has been lost to modern thinking. however, the ancient health care system called ayurveda remains relatively intact. it offers comprehensive insight and step-by-step, personalized guidance for how to nourish, rejuvenate and spiritually support newborn mothers and babies. today, mothers and babies thrive under this care whenever it is practiced properly.

students who have trained with us through the years have learned profound preventive and rejuvenative wellness care and the mothers they serve rarely suffer many of the common complications of the postnatal time (including difficulties with lactation, colic, depression, weight gain, energy, hormones and more).  many of our advanced students and practitioners are gaining real confidence and profound life enrichment through their ability to help mothers and babies.
alignment of all components of care and understanding for best results is big, especially in this era with so many choices. students have said that our core course, baby’s best beginnings (no longer offered), has totally changed the way they look at the sacred window of time when a new life is welcomed into this world. ayurveda spells our best care for the first 42 days after childbirth, wherein we can create patterns powerfully affecting mother and child for a lifetime, and even benefit unborn generations.
we believe that taking proper care of mothers is essential for all people everywhere: mothers, fathers, families, communities and most of all, babies. we see each sacred window student as an emissary for a healthier future for our world and our species. as our community continues to grow, please take some inspiration from what some of our colleagues and students are doing today!
we warmly welcome you to join us in serving mothers and babies on their journey of growth in a conscious loving, healthy, happy life, whether you are a mother-to-be, or a birth worker.

in parting, i want to share with you the heart of this amazing poet-mama, hollie mcnish.  she’s so clear and honest and brave about the realities of motherhood in our culture. you’ll find some of her podcasts here.  if you only have 2 minutes to spare, let your heart be filled as you listen to her recite her enchanting poem “i lie,” while clearly steeped in her own ecstasy, here.
thank you for visiting.  with great love,            november 25, 2014


























student member login
blog
team
contact
privacy policy
 

              copyright © 
              2025 sacred window ayurveda. all rights reserved.            










this website stores cookies on your computer. these cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website.
we use this information to improve and customize your browsing experience and to help us understand what you find interesting.
by continuing to browse this site we assume that you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  
(after you leave our website, you can always clear browsing history and cookies on your computer via your browser settings.)ok




