home | citizens national bank of somerset
  homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. closed for presidents' day

all cnb branch locations will be closed on monday, february 17, in honor of presidents' day. we will reopen for regular business hours on tuesday, february 18. have a safe and happy holiday weekend! 
  got it, thanks!  fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentcitizens national bank of somerset  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


personal checking

personal savings

moolah moose club

home loan - apply now!

home loans

home equity line of credit

consumer loans

wealth management



business


business checking

business savings

business loans

business loan inquiry

card processing services

wealth management



tools & resources


online banking

mobile banking

debit card

credit card

faqs

deluxe check reorder

financial calculators

financial education

online security

personal financial statement

foreclosures



about


locations

contact us

find a lender

careers

our history

board of directors

branch advisory board

statement of condition



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamesign inforgot passwordenroll  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchcitizens national bank of somerset   loan decisions made locally
from small business to large companies, citizens national bank will structure a loan to fit your business's needs
explore business loans    banking on the go is easy and secure.
plenty of things in life are complicated, so we're here to help you simplify at least one thing - your finances.
explore mobile banking    buying a home or refinancing? we can help!
no matter what your residential loan needs may be, citizens national bank has a mortgage loan program that will fit your needs.
explore home loans play main slider/pause main slider welcome to citizens national bank
citizens national bank of somerset is a locally owned, community-oriented bank headquartered in somerset, kentucky since 1920.   
frequently asked questions
browse our most commonly asked questions.
our faqs  
financial calculators
our calculators can help you plan and budget for big events.
calculators  
quick mortgage application
easily and securely apply online for a mortgage loan.
apply for a mortgage  
check reorder
conveniently reorder your checks online.
reorder your checks  
location & hours
find our friendly branch locations or convenient atms.
come see us!  
need help?
we’re always happy to answer your questions.
contact us!     drive away with a competitive rate.
we offer quick responses to all credit applications with a wide variety of terms and rates to meet the needs of our customers.
explore auto loans     start their savings early with an account just for kids! 
a moolah moose club account rewards good grades to start their financial journey.
moolah moose account    checking accounts for businesses both large and small
citizens national bank can tailor a checking account to meet your exact needs.
business checking    professional asset management services
we provide free private consultations to address specific financial goals.
wealth management
investments are not insured by the fdic, not a deposit, and may lose value.  play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider  welcome to citizens national bank
citizens national bank is a locally owned, community-oriented bank headquartered in somerset, kentucky. the bank opened for business in 1920 and has ten locations: seven in pulaski county, as well as one in wayne county, russell county and jessamine county. the employees of citizens national bank are dedicated to providing the highest quality, personalized service to our customers.  why choose us?  the history of citizens national bank spans over 100 years of growth, change and progress both in banking and the world at large. community banks have been integral in helping people move forward in a changing world. the future holds many more great changes and challenges and citizens national bank stands ready to help meet them.  our mission  to challenge directors, officers and employees to exercise professionalism for the benefit of present and future customers with the best services available while maintaining an adequate return without sacrificing the integrity of citizens national bank.  our vision  the vision of citizens national bank is to be the leader among independent community banks in our area, focusing on customer relationships and providing superior customer service with a staff educated and guided to achieve their personal best.   stay in touch  to help stay informed, just provide a few quick details about yourself and we will handle the rest. sign up close newsletter signup   enter your info here! 
leave me blank for email collection.

first name * (newsletter signup) last name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) sign up there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. 
thank you for your submission!
we will be in touch with you soon.
 got itback to the topcitizens national bank of somerset routing number 042101446bank nmls # 416673phone # 606-679-6341

facebook

twitter

youtube

instagram

linkedin



legal


cra policy

online security

privacy policy

disclosures



connect


contact us

find a lender

careers



quick links


locations

online banking

mobile banking

faqs

sitemap



©  citizens national bank of somersetmember fdicequal housing lender 
