 













my 12 step store | aa & addiction recovery shopping








































 



gift certificatesearch
 310-623-1702

photo gallery
blog






home
jewelry

gold
aa & ai-anon pendants
na & other program pendants
earrings
precious stones and crystals
dog tags and pewter
necklaces, bracelets & chains
rings
silver plated and more
gifts for her
gifts for him
surrender jewelry


medallions & chips

aa medallions
na medallions
bling medallions
medallions specialty
bronze
holders
holders to wear
plaques
12 step chips


books

aa and alateen
al-anon, coda, aca
addiction
na, ca, cma
oa, nicotine, ga, da
sex and love, s-anon
daily meditations
personal growth
women in recovery
spirituality
cd's and dvd's
special editions


book covers

aa covers
na covers
al-anon covers
ca covers


clothing

men's t-shirts
women's t-shirts
hoodies and hats


cards

12 step cards
years 1 - 60
best sellers
serious stuff
months and years
bookmarks & stickers


gifts

mugs & blankets
god boxes
plaques
candles
journals
pewter gifts
gift certificate
lapel pins


fun stuff

unique gifts
sober snacks
sailboats
magnets & keychains
games & pens
hollywood style


photo gallery
cd's and dvd's

recovery cds
recovery dvds


blog









watch our video 


















the best addiction recovery store for books, jewelry, chips, and gifts
my 12 step store online is home to the very best in recovery books and unique recovery gifts, including aa coins and medallions, recovery books, and more. whether you're looking for aa jewelry and unique sobriety gifts for those working through na, ca, cma, or other recovery programs, this is the aa store where you will find recovery gifts and books to help you celebrate life moving forward.





featured categories featured
recovery giftstop 10 items




 aa medallionsna medallionsbling medallionsnew merchmedallions specialty12 step chipsholdersholders to wearplaquesspecial editionsaa and alateenal-anon, coda, acana, ca, cmaoa, nicotine, ga, dasex and love, s-anonaddictionpersonal growthdaily meditationsspiritualitywomen in recoveryjournalsrecovery dvdsrecovery cdsgoldnecklaces, bracelets & chainsearringsringsrings for men and womensilver plated and moresurrender jewelrygifts for hergifts for himmen's t-shirtswomen's t-shirtshoodies and hatshollywood stylebookmarks and stickers12 step cardsmonths and yearsyears 1 - 60aa coversna coversal-anon coversunique giftssober-snacksgod boxespewter giftsbest sellerscandlesmugs and blanketslapel pins

recovery gifts (aa, na, ca, cma, & more)
my 12 step store offers gifts not only for those going through aa but other recovery programs as well - including narcotics anonymous (na), cocaine anonymous (ca), crystal meth anonymous (cma), nicotine anonymous (nica), overeaters anonymous (oa), gamblers anonymous (ga), and others. no matter what program you or your loved one is going through, there a many ways in which you can help strengthen the resolve as well as raise the spirits.


some of the most meaningful and popular items we have are:

aa big book
aa chips
aa medallions
aa coins
12 step plaques
aa jewelry
14k gold recovery jewelry
12 step cards
men's recovery t-shirts
women's recovery t-shirts



my 12 step store is a national addiction recovery store with books, gifts, and chips located in the heart of west hollywood usa, and ships worldwide. whether it’s an addiction to alcohol, drugs, sex, love, food, meth, or codependency to list only a few, we have something for you and those you love. we specialize in the most unique gifts for loved ones or for you. complete with gift wrapping options and greeting card enclosure as well as priority and priority express 1-2 day delivery shipping. 
celebrating over 12 years of service, my 12 step store strives to celebrate the life journey in recovery with you by offering new, edgy, and fun gifts. we offer ways to make recovery fun and livable for all walks of people. here’s where you’ll find one of the world's largest collections in classic and splashiest medallion styles, fun and racy clothing, 12-step jewelry including our surrender jewelry collection along with prayer bookmarks, unique gifts, and inspirational recovery cards.  
my 12 step store attracts the most interested in recovery from around the world to the most famous; our aa store attracts a large clientele from all over shopping for themselves or gifts for others, we are open every day at 10 am offering helpful customer service and phone orders. we also are the official recovery bookstore for conferences and participate in conventions in the us and europe. we have book signings and special recovery events as well as donating a percentage of sales to recovery groups and provide rehab scholarships and sponsorships. we partner with many national recovery organizations advancing the journey in recovery from addiction and lifestyle needs. find our addiction recovery store by our “you are not alone” storefront sign lit 24 hours. 

 top 10 items of life changing importance
throughout our many years of working with, and being part of the twelve step community, certain items, books, and meditations have consistently emerged as the things to turn to when you most need a hand. whether you need help with a codependency relationship, need to drop the rock and let go, or to celebrate all you've accomplished and another year sober, we're sure you'll find what you are looking for here.



 1anniversary enamel medallions you did it, another year sober! remind yourself that you can keep doing it with these tasteful, high quality medallions
 2drop the rock everyone has something holding them back, but learning to let go can be the hardest step. drop the rock and live without being weighted down by the past.
 3 aa big book this is it, the book that everyone knows about, and has been so influential in the recovery of millions of lives. there's only one big book and it's available from my 12 step store.
 4how al anon works for friends and family if you're reading this, then you know that recovery affects friends and family as well as the person in recovery. learn about how al anon can work.
 5god grant me the laugher we've all had those days, find inspiration and humor in this book and get through yours. clean and sober.
 6it works how and why a must have companion piece for the na 12 step program covers the 12 steps and 12 traditions of narcotics anonymous.
 8a gentle path through the 12 steps the journey is tough, harder than anything you've ever done or will do, but you can make it. this book can help as it leads you down a gentle path through the 12 steps.
 9the language of letting go meditations for those of us who suffer through the struggle of co dependency, reminds us that each day is an opportunity for growth and renewal.
 10the 12 step workbook for oa 10. the 12 step workbook for oa - a workbook for your life, gentle questions allow you to explore your thoughts and answers.


 



have a question? call today! 310-623-1702





about us

about my 12 step store
celebrity guests
recovery resources



customer service

store location
terms and conditions
return policy
gift certificates

contact us




create an account
when you create an account, we can store your payment and shipping information for fast checkout.
your account


follow us


photo gallery
blog







aa big book | aa chips | aa medallions | aa coins | aa jewelryrecovery, addiction, and 12 step program gifts
© 2024 my12stepstore.com







gift certificates
your account



















