




















national energy action (nea) - the uk's leading fuel poverty charity



















































































skip to main content





                        donate                    










national energy action
















national energy actioncymrunorthern ireland 

















home





                                        about us                                    







about us


news and insights


energy crisis


policy and advocacy






publications and resources


parliamentary groups


retrofit and technical research










                                        get help                                    







energy advice and support service


additional help


struggling with energy bills






cost of living and discretionary support


advice resources


smart meter faqs










                                        work with us                                    







latest events


membership


projects






consultancy and partnerships


smart meters


warm home discount










                                        training                                    







course outlines


training dates diary


schools and education resources


training in northern ireland










                                        support us                                    







make a donation


fundraise for us


support through your company


subscribe for email updates









search the website





visit our regional sites
national energy actioncymrunorthern ireland 



















 
fishwickwarm and safe homes in fishwickin 2013 around 360 households in fishwick had external wall insulation put on their homes. this was part of a national energy efficiency scheme that should have made homes easier and cheaper to keep warm, but for many households the choice of measures and quality of work was poor and properties developed severe damp and mould. click to find out more
great north runget your running shoes on!run for team nea in the great north run
voices from the frontlinevoices from the frontlinepeople with lived experience of fuel poverty reveal what it is really like.
winter warmth spdonate a winter warmth support packby donating today, we can distribute a winter warmth support pack to a home in need. your support will be a lifeline to those struggling to heat their homes this winter.
 



 





national energy action

who we are
national energy action is the national charity working to end fuel poverty in england, wales and northern ireland. find out more about the challenge we face, the difference we make, and the difference you can make. we also work closely with our sister charity energy action scotland. you can find out more about their work to tackle fuel poverty in scotland at www.eas.org.uk
we offer advice and support to fuel-poor households in england, wales and northern ireland, as well as advocating for policy and regulation to protect the most vulnerable households. we also offer training to frontline staff of other organisations, to they can best support fuel-poor households.
we do not work alone. partnerships and collaboration have been at the heart of national energy action for over 40 years, helping us drive better health and wellbeing outcomes for people struggling to heat their homes.

our story about who we are 




what is

fuel poverty

we define fuel poverty as a household needing to use 10% of their income on keeping their home warm.
since the beginning of the energy crisis in october 2021, the average energy bill has increased significantly. national energy action estimates that 6.1 million uk households are currently in fuel poverty, unable to afford to heat their homes to the temperature needed to keep warm and healthy, and falling into debt. in october 2021, we estimated there were 4.5 million uk households in fuel poverty.


read more about fuel poverty 







lived experiences of fuel poverty
6.1 million uk households are in fuel poverty. read these real-life experiences of the devastating impact high energy bills and poor energy efficiency can have, especially amid the cost of living crisis.



energy crisis

the energy crisis began in october 2021 and has dragged millions into fuel poverty. see the latest on the crisis here and what support is available.







water poverty



innovation and technical evaluation



warm and safe homes in fishwick



schools & education resources





latest
news & insights

        all news
    



 


                        ‘we’ve seen first-hand the misery and health problems poor quality installations can have’ – national energy action response to bbc investigation into failed insulation                    

                                                posted on 14th feb 2025                    

                                                national energy action chief executive adam scorer responds to a bbc investigation finding that some victims of failed insulation schemes are missing out on recompense.                     

nation / region:
                                                ,                     

content type: 
                        news
                    

tags:



                                read more
                                
                                    about ‘we’ve seen first-hand the misery and health problems poor quality installations can have’ – national energy action response to bbc investigation into failed insulation                                





 


                        ‘the government must now seize the opportunity’ national energy action response to consultations on new fuel poverty strategy and prs mees                    

                                                posted on 07th feb 2025                    

                                                national energy action responds to the government announcing consultations on a new fuel poverty strategy and higher private rented sector energy efficiency standards across england and wales.                     

nation / region:
                                                ,                     

content type: 
                        news
                    

tags:



                                read more
                                
                                    about ‘the government must now seize the opportunity’ national energy action response to consultations on new fuel poverty strategy and prs mees                                





 


                        national energy action’s annual conference welcomes over 350 supporters                    

                                                posted on 30th jan 2025                    

                                                more than 350 delegates gathered in liverpool for three days to see over 20 exhibitors and attend panel sessions and breakout sessions led by 36 expert speakers.                    

nation / region:
                                                ,                     

content type: 
                        news
                    

tags:
                                                awards                    


                                read more
                                
                                    about national energy action’s annual conference welcomes over 350 supporters                                






our business supporters group members
 


 

0800 repairaffordable warmth solutionsagility ecobritish gasbubba energycadent gascalorcenergistsmart-dccduality groupedf energyelectricity north weste.on nextenergiaevouchersfernoxfirmus energygti directhealthy-homes-solutions-square-logotheiaamacbrook gasnorthern gas networksnorthern ireland electricity networksnorthern powergridoctopus energyovo energyplanet first energyssenscottish powersecure meterssgnsmart prepaysolon securityswipswitcheethermafyukifdauk power networksutilita 








© 2025 nea all rights reserved.













national energy action (nea) is an independent charity
registration no. 290511
registered in england no. 1853927





follow us on social media



 



 



 



 



 




quick links


contact us


membership


help fight fuel poverty


vacancies


subscribe to our newsletter



























privacy policy


cookies policy


terms & conditions













close













no results could be found


more results...











modal title

×



                ...
            

close
save changes

































