       
	association of christian schools international | acsi
              





association of christian schools international
stronger together  




welcome, .
logout



login







 
                menu
                      

  


menu


learning


accreditation/certification


membership


store


educational resources


career center


find a school


contact us


donate



  
 
 
   search options


additional search resources find-a-school search - locate christian schools purposeful design publications - search our store for textbooks and curriculum products career center - search for jobs in our career center
        policy resources - search articles from public policy and legal affairs department
        strategic partner directory - search for companies, organizations, and ministries who have been carefully chosen to benefit you.
         
 
   login
 acsi.org website loginthe following areas are also available:career centercommunitydonor portallearning portalmy membership profile/account purposeful design publications (store) 
 
  find a school 
 find a school in your area using our advanced find-a-school search tool. go to find-a-school search 
 
  menu - site map
  go to main menu navigation page full menu
quick access menu commonly used links footer menu 
quick access menumain navigation menu itemsabout acsimembership academic support programsaccreditation & certificationstore (purposeful design publications)find your officepublic policy & legal affairsprofessional developmentthought leadershipflourishing schoolsspiritual formationmenu by audienceschool leader resourcesteacher and faculty resourcesparent and student resourceschristian education championscommon linksaccreditation & certification documentsblog podcastcareer centercommunityeventsfaqsfind a schoollearning & ceusmy account/profilecontact us - customer carefooter navigationaccreditation & certification
schools: accreditation documentsteachers: certification documentswhat is accreditation?what is certification? career center
find a job, post a job, acsi jobsstrategic partnership programstudent leadership & learningcontact usfind a schoolsocial
 facebooktwitterlinkedininstagramvimeo
 
  calendar of events
  go to event listings & search  events by category - registration linksearly educationflourishing schools instituteflourishing deeper: sustainabilityhr & employment law for christian schoolsinternationalleadership conferenceleadership upre-conference educator trainingprofessional developmentpublic policy & legal affairsstudent leadership & learning events student assessment




leaders


teachers


parents & students 


champions


 
    




association of christian schools international (acsi) 
          stronger together


  our mission 




 featured story




  welcome to stories 














what do you love about christian education?

we asked acsi exemplary accredited school leaders what they love most about christian education. here's what they shared.

read more 









explore opportunities at the acsi career center

our career center stands out because it is exclusively for christian educators, ensuring that all candidates align with the school's values and mission. this means the hiring process is more efficient, as they don’t have to sift through resumes from candidates who may not share their faith or educational philosophy. they can trust that every applicant has a strong commitment to christian education, saving time and helping them find the right fit for their school’s unique community.

read more 









acsi early education welcomes beth lantz, celebrates a thriving year of professional development

the acsi early education (ee) team is excited to welcome beth lantz as their newest team member. a seasoned christian early education leader with nearly 18 years of experience, beth brings a wealth of knowledge and enthusiasm to her role. she has served as an adjunct instructor at iowa state university and possesses expertise in nonprofit administration and early childhood development. 

read more 









northlake christian school: a decade of pro-life advocacy and impact

northlake christian school has had an active student-led, faculty-sponsored pro-life club on our campus for more than a decade. this club's regular activities include: student volunteering at the local crisis pregnancy center; participating in annual prayer marches that are hosted in the local community; writing encouraging notes and providing blessing boxes to the nurses in the nicu department of our local hospitals; attending the annual march for life rally in washington, d.c.;

read more 









a flourishing staff retreat

for dayspring christian academy (dca), scheduling an annual staff retreat is nothing new. weston kurz, executive director of the school based in greeley, colorado, remembers hosting a retreat for the past 10 years at least. but in the last two years, the retreat has taken on a new flavor. as an early adopter of acsi’s flourishing school culture model (fscm), kurz helped restructure the retreat to integrate research from the fscm. using each of the model’s five domains (purpose, well-being, expertise and resources, relationships, and teaching and learning), the school’s strategic planning sessions now revolve around robust research and best practices. 

read more 












view all stories
















 featured event




  featured event 




flourish deeperrethinking worldview & student leadership development02/6/25 | columbus, ohhealthy governance & sustainable funding03/6/25 | pittsburgh, paengaging students who think & learn differently03/20/25 | sacramento, caflourish deeper is a one day focused, learning experience around a relevant construct from the flourishing school culture research. it is a deep learning opportunity with a unique blend of expert-led sessions and interactive discussions designed to inform
    a school’s planning, practice, and purpose.register now















  blog and podcast





  blog 










acsi tuition and salary survey (tss) 2024-2025 report: navigating the complex landscape of salary and tuition in u.s. christian schools

for those who have worked in the dynamic world of christian education, especially for those who have been entrusted in leadership positions, i believe it is a fair assessment to say that striking the delicate balance between retaining high-qualified teachers while ensuring the school's healthy financial stability has always been one of the most challenging aspects of running a christian school.

read more 









when least expected: those “oh no moments!”

you’re sitting at your desk just before a major school event when a parent stops by and says,” do you have a minute?” a minute turns into 45 as she reveals troubling information that is bothersome. or imagine your school year is off to an amazing start when all of a sudden, you receive a phone call from a parent who informs you that one of your students has posted a threat on social media. how about when an accusation against a member of your staff is presented to you? now what?

read more 









the lasting influence of christian private schools

a common question asked by those involved in christian school education is, “will anything i teach influence the adult years of my students?” as a former minister to children and a professor in christian education, i ask this question myself as i seek to train and equip future ministers and teachers.

pondering the connection between childhood experiences and adult religiosity led me to study the experiences in childhood that influence christian commitment in young adulthood. during the fall of 2018, i conducted in-depth interviews with a group of ethnically diverse, young adults living in southern california. this blog post shares three major themes that emerged from these stories which have significant implications for christian school educators.

read more 









the potential of mlk day (and week)

born in atlanta, georgia on january 15, 1929, and tragically killed in memphis, tennessee on april 4, 1968–dr. martin luther king jr. is, arguably, the most famous non-presidential american in our nation’s nearly 250-year history. but how and why did his name become the name of so many american streets, the object of so many american statues, and the namesake of an annual american holiday?

read more 










  podcast 










the flourishing journey ep 14: the faithful journey of teaching christianly

dr. edward bunn and dr. dave mulder, professor of education at dordt university, discuss how to teach christianly as a faithful disciple of christ.

read more 









sharpening kingdom leaders ep 14: a lifestyle of giving in nigeria, with naomi famonure

naomi famonure, a christian educator from nigeria, shares her journey from catholic upbringing to founding a school for missionary children and caring for orphans and widows.

read more 









grafted together ep 13 | church-school partnership and christian school expansion

jerry nelson welcomes joe wilson, head of lower schools at calvary christian academy in florida, for a conversation about the integration of churches and christian schools.

read more 









student leadership & learning ep 13: changing student consumption to connection

enhance student engagement by shifting from a consumer-based approach to a connection-oriented approach, and connect with students beyond just imparting knowledge.

read more 
















stay informed on acsi's events and resources




























 




president's office“i can think of no greater cause than to partner with you to advance christ-centered education.” dr. larry taylor, acsi president & ceodr. taylor has been serving in education for over 30 years. he is passionate about training up this generation of disciples for jesus christ through christian education. prior to accepting the president position at acsi, dr. larry taylor served twenty years as the head of school at prestonwood christian academy (pca) in plano, texas. prestonwood christian academy serves more than 1,600 students enrolled at four campuses as part of its school system.  click the link below to read more. visit the president's page













acsi's mission
acsi exists to strengthen christian schools and equip christian educators worldwide as they prepare students academically and inspire them to become devoted followers of jesus christ.




  


acsi's foundational 3 pillars



advancing




advancingleading christ-centered education toward excellence and flourishing
we want all schools to aspire to, achieve, and remain committed to a biblically-based philosophy of education, standards that are measurable, and flourishing-related criteria. acsi strives to lead, support, and serve christian schools, and educators,
    by placing them on a path of growth and flourishing using the research-based flourishing schools initiative. this model should link leadership and faculty professional development accreditation, and every culture-driving component of a school. a common
    philosophy, and a flourishing-based metric, would unify our efforts of advancing christian schools and educators.more






access




accessmaking christ-centered education available and obtainable
acsi is committed to making kingdom education available to as many children and families as desire it, believing that such an education offers students an opportunity to grow in a loving relationship with their creator, come to know his saving work through
    jesus, and flourish in his ephesians 2:10 calling for their lives. this commitment requires removing barriers to access for those who traditionally have not benefited from christian school, as well as seeking out new ways to create access points to
    kingdom education and the ability to thrive and be successful in that education—for all those who desire it.more






advocacy




advocacypromoting and protecting christ-centered education for today and tomorrow
as the largest evangelical christian school association in the world, acsi is by default viewed as the spokesperson for christian schooling in the public square. in order to discharge this responsibility with excellence and seasoned speech (colossians
    4:6), and to equip our member schools to do the same, acsi must invest in developing public-facing resources and forming strategic relationships with those working in the area of advocacy for christian education and for religious liberty.more






stay connected to acsi






community network




 the acsi community online forum exists to provide connection, collaboration, and networking with christ-centered education advocates, educators, and influencers in a protected online environment.    acsi community offers christian educators opportunities to connect, collaborate, compel, captivate, and comprehend. join thousands of like-minded education professionals around to globe to grow in knowledge, sharpen skills, and deepen your faith,
    in a safe, authentic virtual environment.check it out 






career center




acsi provide helpful tools for you to find the next position god
 has for you through a resume review search and career planning portal. you can also discover acsi positions.thinking about serving internationally? pfo2go will provide the confidence to enter a new culture in which to both work and live outside the united states. go to the acsi career center  



news & press releases














acsi welcomes new director for public policy
january 6, 2025





a statement from acsi president dr. larry taylor
january 6, 2025





acsi begins key missional partnerships with american association of christian counselors and focus on the family
november 5, 2024





acsi awarded prestigious gold seal designation by florida department of children and families
october 24, 2024



go to all news & press releases










strategic partnersacsi proudly presents the strategic partnership program, which includes companies, organizations, and ministries who have been carefully chosen to benefit you—our member schools—and to assist you in accomplishing your life-changing mission.view strategic partners 







 mark your calendar and plan to participate in the exciting range of newacsi events and experiences! view events and register




    






    

about acsi3 pillars
faqs
mission & visionnews & press releasesacsi cares
  

accreditation & certification infoschools: accreditation documentsteachers: certification documents
  

career centerfind or post a job
  

find a school





contact us
     contact us  

association of christian schools international (acsi)p.o. box 62249colorado springs, co 80962(800) 367.0798
  

visit us on
  facebook
  twitter
  linkedin
  instagram
  vimeo
  email
    

© acsi 2025. all rights reserved.privacy statement







 





 
