














more than "just a box" - psc: pacific southwest container












































about us
packaging expertise

our expertise
our products
our services


careers
 








contact




 













pacific southwest container











more than just a box™
exceptionally crafted packaging is where art and science meet. at pacific southwest container, llc we pride ourselves on meeting your consumers’ expectations for innovative, high quality packaging, while always keeping an eye on your bottom-line. learn how our team of craftswomen and craftsmen can support you so you can better support your customers.


















over

years


of setting the standard for quality
psc was one of the first packaging companies to become iso9001 certified, an accomplishment upheld today by our team of six sigma certified quality professionals.


our history























more than

sq ft


of manufacturing facilities
with state-of-the-art facilities and more capabilities under one roof than any packaging company in north america, psc supports fortune 100 organizations, growing startups, and everything in between.


our expertise























over

team members


who are masters of their craft
at psc, you're not just an employee, you're a team member. see what makes our team special and how we craft careers, not just boxes.


careers























%
of paper waste


is recycled at psc
at psc, we believe it is our duty to be stewards of the environment and we take pride in fostering a more sustainable industry.


sustainability























connecting clients to craft


psc is more than just a box – we craft packaging that enhances how people experience your brand and products. from wine to technology and everything in between, we take pride in crafting functional and beautiful packaging solutions for both the biggest brands in the world and thriving local businesses alike.







technology










wine










agriculture










retail










craft beer










snack food



















contact
locations








contact




please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.contact typenew customerjoin our teamgeneralname *email *company *phoneship to locationwhat is your estimated annual quantity of boxes?5k-10k10k-20k20k+what type of packaging do you need? (select as many as needed)sflcorrugatefolding cartonsdisplaysnot surehow did you hear about psc?trade showlinkedininstagramfacebookgooglereferralindeedotherhow did you hear about psc - otherhow can we help?
how can we help? *if available, please upload a photo of your current packaging/materials that you need help with.
if available, please upload a photo of your current packaging/materials that you need help with.




click or drag a file to this area to upload.



submit 
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.






locations





modesto





4530 leckron road
modesto, california 95357




209.526.0444






568 s riverside road
modesto, california 95354








671a mariposa road
modesto, california 95354







visalia





9525 w nicholas avenue
visalia, california 93291




559.651.5500


















about us

supplier code of conduct
sustainable procurement policy
sustainability report


our products

single face lamination
folding cartons
corrugated
retail displays
basket carriers
protective packaging


our services

project management
structural design
pre-press
ink lab
quality & lab testing
fulfillment
warehousing


success stories

technology
wine
agriculture
retail
craft beer
snack food


careers

login


 



































              © 2025 pacific southwest container, llc 
privacy policy





























