




  






home - greater newport chamber of commerce, ri





















































































events









member directory









member login









join now




















 toggle navigation   







































events









member directory









member login









join now















about us

board of directors
message from the board chair
membership and sponsorship 
member benefits
new member guide
meet our staff
contact us



advocacy

policy platform 2025
government affairs committee
legislative alerts
voter voice



innovation

featured events
innovate newport



programs

become an ambassador
chamber events
chamber programs
event feedback
webinar library


economic development

marketing & advertising

membership and sponsorship 
member directory
member exchange
marketing opportunities
member benefits booklet


new member guide

communications

chamber blog
in the news
member directory
member exchange archives
radio show
subscribe now
youtube channel


job bank
chamber connections
chamber retirement plan
community events










































































welcome to the greater newport chamber!
the greater newport chamber of commerce is one of the state’s largest business advocacy organizations, whose mission is to connect, innovate, enhance, and advocate for the businesses of greater newport. as a trusted and reliable institution for over 100 years, the greater newport chamber is a vibrant collective body of the greater newport business community with nearly 1000 members representing over 50,000 employees. the chamber works to create valuable strategic partnerships, promote strong economic growth, diversity, and prosperity to serve its members and the greater newport region.  












directory







jobs







news







weather







discounts




































mark your calendar



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.
















ten-year regional plan




















housing analysis for the greater newport region




housing analysis for the greater newport region




























































































 


newport county chamber of commerce
































































































































 greater newport chamber of commerce

  513 broadway, suite 218, newport, ri 02840

  401. 847.1608

  info@newportchamber.com

































































© copyright 2025 greater newport chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.
















 


