









insurance is our only business – hsm insurance











































 








report a claim











about hsmcommercial

commercial propertycommercial liabilityconstructionbusiness interruption insurancesurety bonds
personal

home insurancehigh-value property insuranceauto insurancetravel insurancemarine insurance
careerscontact usget a quotemake a payment











insurance is our only business.
this is why trusting us to protect what’s important makes so much sense. for more than three decades we have been listening and responding to the unique needs of our clients - big and small. it’s all we do. it’s what we love. and we think it shows.











the hsm advantage





our hyper-local team of experts understand victoria’s unique risk landscape, providing exactly the right protection for what matters most.





premium topics










advice, insights and tools to answer your burning insurance questions and make the most of what you have. 




 

what our clients say



adam and his staff are great and very accommodating. they always get things done and always protect our interests. we are very pleased with this company and we definitely recommend them. we've worked with a few companies in the past and by far they are the best.
fabrizio coltellaro, principal, coltric properties


locally owned and operated, hsm insurance has been my go to insurance provider for me and my family for many years.  ross mckenzie and his son shaun mckenzie have done a fantastic job providing me the correct and necessary insurance coverages i need to fully protect my home, rental property, vacation property, automobiles, and personal liability in case something goes wrong.  i know my insurance needs are in good hands for the future with the mckenzie’s at hsm insurance
 


craig doell, 


loretta has handled our account for more than 15 years, going above and beyond to manage all aspects of our insurance needs.  whether it is for autoplan, property, environmental, or bonding, her insurance experience and customer service is unparalleled and i would not hesitate to recommend her to colleagues. 
dan lazaro, general manager, coast environmental


we have worked with brad and his team for the entire duration of our business, over 25 years!  they always made sure we were covered.  the best coverage for the best price and great service when there was a claim.
what more can you ask for?

kelly carter, hhs drilling & blasting ltd.


i have been a client of hsm’s for 15 years and counting. when it comes to insurance, i know i’m always in good hands. i never hesitate to send family and friends hsm’s way when they could use some help with their insurance needs.
david jawl, jawl residential




previous



next













ask us anything about insurance



contact us - footer


name*email address*

phone number*location*downtown victoriaduncanwestshoresubject*message*
 
























careers
report a claim
make a payment
premium topics
refund policy
privacy policy
 
                            © 2025 hendry, swinton, mckenzie insurance services inc.




































 



