




all will turn to silver glass — livejournal

























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































erethesunrises
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














erethesunrises







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            all will turn to silver glass
        

            a light on the water
        


linkstagsmy tumblrmy twitterao3 accountfanfiction on ljtv listjames mcavoy graphicsontd_politicalontd_ouatthank you academydemigod eliteintro post/about me





31 december 2013 @ 06:14 pm
twenty thirteen scrapbook  


 ( scrapbook for 2013collapse )tags: (!) public post, (!) sticky post, (book) general, (film) general, (misc) annual list, (pop culture) fandom, (real life) travels, (theatre) general, (tv) general   
current mood: blah
 





 


31 december 2012 @ 03:18 pm
twenty twelve scrapbook  


 ( scrapbook for 2012collapse )tags: (!) public post, (!) sticky post, (book) general, (film) general, (misc) annual list, (pop culture) fandom, (pop culture) fanfiction, (pop culture) fanmix, (pop culture) picspam, (real life) travels, (theatre) general
 





 


 



10 december 2012 @ 08:13 pm
and i will miss the train ride in  


☼ i am officially done with this semester! it's been a long one so i'm grateful it's done. (i technically have one more class tomorrow morning to discuss the end of w&p but since i've finished, i don't need to do anything else.) so let's talk about this semester a bit, hm? american frontier and spirit from anastasia crittenton on vimeo.so this is the video my group and i made for our final in our survey of american cinema class. each group got a theme at the start of semester and we get the american frontier and spirit. we started out with several ideas (breaking out of the western idea, playing with the hero's journey) and eventually went with the frontier of the 1960s so that's what this video is all about, using the films easy rider, bonnie and clyde, to kill a mockingbird, and star wars. so go ahead and check it out if you want! as a trigger warning, there is violence and we do use footage from jfk and bobby's assassinations (we actually got some gasps in class when we showed it). also, i desperately wanted to end the video on atticus but alas, it didn't work out~i also finished my last paper last night — the final paper for my independent study on television fandom! i ended up writing a paper on the relationship between fans and the cast and crew and arguing that a supportive, open relationship between the two benefits both parties and the show itself. i talked about chuck, avatar: the last airbender, steven moffat, lost, and firefly, while mentioning some others. i loved that i was able to do this independent study. :)☼ as i said, this semester has been the longest and toughest of any semester so far for me for a myriad of reasons i don't want to get into right now (mostly because i've been doing well at beating them all and so i don't want to dwell).  interestingly, war & peace actually has a really good impact on me and sort of helped me through it all.also my class was surprised to learn that i agree with them that andrei can be a selfish dick. because i can't possibly love a character and still be aware of their flaws, noooooooo.[russian literature feels oh god help]→ i really did love this book and i will be the first to admit that i thought i was going to be lukewarm about it or that it could never compare to dostoyevsky and yet i connected with it in ways i never thought i would. it feels to me that i just happened to read it at the right time in my life and while it was for class, i ended up enjoying it so much that it didn't feel like it was for class anymore. what i loved most about were all the rich characters. they were so delightful and infuriating and human and i loved all the numerous relationships of all kinds. they were really what made this novel so wonderful to me which is why when tolstoy would occasionally go on his own rants about philosophy, i got a little weary. especially with the second epilogue which ended the novel so abruptly. sometimes the philosophizing was interesting but other times it felt a little like pandering. mostly because a lot of main characters are representations of philosophy themselves (especially pierre as hegel and andrei as kant) so i liked when he used them to show us philosophy, rather than telling us as he often did.still, i am so so glad i read this book. and i absolutely believe it'll be a book i read again in my life.→ so prince andrei bolkonsky my heart my love my darling ♥♥♥ as i said above, i am fully aware of his flaws. he is incredibly selfish and quite aloof and out of touch with his emotions. i don't believe he's the villain my class likes to make him out to be (seriously, they pretty much think he's the scum of the earth) but rather what he is is human. and he's just more selfish than they're willing to forgive him for.however, he was a big reason this book became such an anchor for me. i didn't really see myself in him or anything but just... connecting with him and sympathizing with him, despite his flaws, really helped me this semester. by being nice to him, i was able to be nicer to myself. i think he is really such a wonderful character and i think he had an incredible growth over the course of the novel. his death was definitely hard for me to read, despite how beautifully written it was. andrei was interesting for me because i was drawn to him from pretty much the moment we met him, even when he wasn't saying anything at the party. in some way, i just knew he was going to be a special character to me and i just kdfgjhdkfg i have a lot of feelings about this character. he's my typical male character (well, one of the typical types i go for) but he was just so eloquently written by tolstory, even his flaws had some beauty in the them the way tolstoy wrote. he remained selfish even through his death and yet he made some important realizations as well. ugh i just really really love this character.→ i also still love natasha forever and ever and everrrrrrrrrrr. people who blame her for her affair with anatole (especially if they don't also blame anatole and just chalk it up to that being his character), i want to stab them in the face. she is so colorful and lively and wonderful. and that is exactly why i don't like her and pierre. they did seem happy at the end and i'm glad she seemed at least content with her family life but the fact that tolstoy flat-out writes that she lost her soul is incredibly tragic. she only rarely sings and there's no light in her eyes anymore and it just really breaks my heart.she clearly still loves andrei (after all, if pierre had reason to be jealous so she never talked about him....) and i think he really was her kind of love of the novel. more than anything, though, i really believe part of natasha and pierre getting together was their mutual love of andrei. the thing that really linked them was how much they both deeply and intensely loved andrei and i just dkfjghkjdhgdkfg natasha baby→ i'm still ambivalent on pierre at best.→ anatole is actually the worst arrrrrrggghhhh h8 u→ this novel you guys sobbing→ we also watched the hollywood version with audrey hepburn, mel ferrer, and henry fonda! it was... delightful but most certainly not w&p. it was hollywood want to do a romance with audrey and mel and henry in period clothing but it was shallow and lost all of tolstoy's depth. they're all lovely though. mel was far too charming for andrei though, oops.→ annnnnd we just watched woody allen's love and death which i thought was just so so delightful.☼ i've been having a lot of harry potter feelings lately. and not just marauders feelings (though i am, as always, having a lot of feelings about them too). i've just kind of been missing... everything. i want to re-read all the books and re-watch all the movies. in fact i might do that over break — or at least re-read a book or two perhaps. i just really miss the universe and all. end of an era by oliver boyd and remembralls came on itunes the other day and i was just having so many feelings. so yes.i also filled out another app at hh_stamping but this time for my romantic match. annnnnd it looks like i'm going to get lily. remember how i was stamped as james/sirius? yeah. my life i actually can't so delightful. also a very potter senior year is a thing that's happening and i can't wait!☼ so i fly home wednesday and skypirateb arrives saturday morning (nope not ready for this don't talk to me). i feel like i still have so much to do to get ready for errything and have done like no christmas shopping and this break is going to be so busy but so amazing and i can't wait. also i'll hopefully be mailing out your christmas cards at the end of this week! :)also, i may post beforehand but i may not: next monday we're going to tahoe for a week and won't have internet so yeah. ilu all.catch you later, calculators.(©)didn't think i'd forget these gqmfs did you dfkgjhdfkjghdkjfg you guys you guys the sequel is upon us and soon the press tour will begin sobbing i can't wait i've missed all of this so muuuuuhuuuuch. my only concern rn besides cumberbatch and his fans is how dark and gritty the trailer looked but jj apparently addressed this and said it's still a lot of fun. spock/uhura better still be flawless and i kinda really hope jj is just trolling everyone with the wrath of khan stuff. also lensflare!!!11!!1tags: (book) war and peace, (film) general, (film) star trek, (film) star wars, (harry potter) general, (history) the kennedys, (misc) video, (tv) general, (uni) classes   
current mood: chippercurrent music: legend of zelda: ocarina of time
 





 


20 october 2012 @ 09:08 pm
literary ladies we love: marianne dashwood  


(©)marianne dashwood from sense and sensibility for literary ladies we lovethere are two main reasons i chose to do marianne:• she's my favorite austen heroine and the one i connect to the most. i truly enjoy all of austen's heroines but i feel most similar to marianne and really adore her, flaws and all.• she gets a lot of unfair heat and i've seen her often considered people's least favorite austen heroine and while that's totally fine, i do want to address some of the issues people take with her and explain why i love her, despite and because of these issues.( when i fall in love it will be forevercollapse )furthermore, skypirateb wrote on elinor dashwood because we are actually that perfect.tags: (!) public post, (author) jane austen, (book) sense and sensibility   
current mood: sympatheticcurrent music: hocus pocus
 





 


 



13 february 2012 @ 08:36 pm
true love's kiss can break any curse  


welcome to the post where anya is going to talk about and discuss all the things re: skin deep or the episode of once upon a time that made anya care about this show more than she ever thought she could to the surprise of no one.( 'it's just a cup.' aka the sound of my fucking heart doing weird heart-breaky palpitationscollapse )congrats if you got through all that, i'd love to talk about it with people!ii. gosh, whatever can i say after all that? well, i did get an e-mail with some really good news today! we got assigned personal tutors and we were supposed to get tutors from the department where we have most of our classes. problem with me is that my four classes are in four different departments but back at au, they'll count as one film class and three history classes. i got assigned the tutor in the theology department of all departments. i sent them an e-mail asking if i could be switched to the history tutor because it just makes more sense and would make me more comfortable. they got back to me today and success is mine! now here's the real icing on the cake: i have such a crush on this guy. i met him when he did the departmental welcome for the history department and ohhhhhh man massive crush on him and his passion for history. brb making an appointment with him stat. he also looks like a mix between neil gaiman and robert carlyle and i am just way too in love with him for my own good ahahahahaha.otherwise, today was good for those two reasons but not so good for others! mainly, how much it sucks being a girl and waking up at six in the morning from awful cramps which i'm so not used to because birth control is a beautiful thing. they've been off and on all day and just been killer and not fun. ):also my bag broke the other day which is aggghhhh. i have another one so it's not so bad but the one i have isn't the best for when i'll be traveling so i need to keep an eye out for a new one. but i don't want to spend too much money since i have bags at home too. yesterday was a mostly good day as well though! went out and saw extremely loud & incredibly close with artic_fox (maybe i'll give more thoughts later but...not my cup of tea at all) and then felt very english when we went to a pub and had a sunday roast while watching rugby! it was lovely! :dand quick bafta thoughts: jean dujardin let me love you forever. ♥ i know it would have been nice to see gary win because this was his only shot but dkfjghkjdfg i just love jean so much that i don't mind at all. omg new celebrity crush ahoy. not many other thoughts besides being sad that hiddles lost, loving colin firth to death, and that the miss piggy red carpet video is to die for. it was really nice to watch them live though for once!catch you later, calculators.tags: (actor) jean dujardin, (award show) miscellaneous, (disney) beauty and the beast, (misc) my insane geekery, (real life) life event, (ship) rumpelstiltskin/belle, (tv) once upon a time, (uni) study abroad   
current mood: happy
 





 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























