


directory of ezines
































































member log indiscover new audiences who are ready to buy!the doe is your gateway to over 92 million opt in subscribers!proven effective since 1998!isn't it time you began making sales with ezines?on this page you will discover a source of fresh leads you may not have known existed.this source is best known for one thing -real people who are interested in reading the ezine (email newsletter) they receive because they asked to receive it.marketing with ezines empowers you to reach a highly targeted source of real people who will take action.this source of traffic and leads is 100% affiliate friendly!and this traffic source has been validated by over 13,776 members of the doe.these members are people just like you and me. they want to make money online. they need a low-cost method of reaching a highly targeted audience. they want to build their mailing list quickly. some want to build their authority and find their audience. they want to promote a specific product. many of them are affiliate marketers while others own their own products.if that sounds like you, read on.when you do, you will discover the most reliable traffic source online. one that leverage the amazing selling power of email marketing.one that helps you reach interested readers who want to hear from you!a traffic source you can tap into today and profit from for years to come.thank you again for being here. i look forward to working with you.three ways for you to succeed with email newsletters!method 1 - ezine advertisingdiscover why ads in  email newsletters are the top choice of those who succeed long term online.learn moremethod 2 - article marketingthe no-cost way to get your message in front of an audience who has opted in to learn more about your topic.learn moremethod 3 - joint venturesezine publishers own giant lists. when you jv with them, they send your offer to their lists for no up front fee!learn morehow to start making sales with ezinesmethod 1 - ezine advertisinglet's start with the #1 question we get ....what is an "ezine"?the word "ezine" comes from a combination of the words "electronic" and "magazine"combining those two words created the word "ezine" which we use to describe an email newsletter.ezines are email newsletters, sent only to people who subscribe to them.the people who read ezines are engaged and interested readers.best of all, because you know in advance what they are reading, you can know if they will be interested in your offer!after all, they subscribed to the ezine to get valuable free information about a specific topic.when your ad appears inside this content, sales happen!​i often say it this way - "if you advertise golf clubs to golfers you will make sales. advertise the same golf clubs to people who want to learn to cook and you will not do as well."it's simple common sense. the kind that works and creates a profit for you!people who love golf read golf ezines.people who are parents read parenting ezines.people who want to invest money read investment ezines.when your ad is sent to people you already know are interested in what you have to offer good things happen.​it's called targeting and it the backbone of making sales online.it only makes sense ... common sense!why does ezine advertising work?ezine advertising is very easy to understand when you compare it to a process we all know ... buying an ad in a newspaper or magazine.let's say you want to sell your car and are going to use your local newspaper or facebook marketplace to do that. how does that work?there are only three steps.1.dplace an ad.2.dtake calls from those interested in buying.3.dsell your carthe process of selling with ezines is similar, only much better!1.dyou place an ad in an ezine where you know in advance the readers are buying what you are selling. (we teach you how to do it)2.dinstead of calling you, interested buyers visit your website or the website you are promoting. (although ads to drive phone calls work very well too!)3.dthey buy from that site!unlike newspapers, ezines reach a global audience so the results are much better!it really is that easy once you know the process. and don't worry, we will be with you every step of the way.how does ezine advertising work?ezines work so well for three reasons.1.dezines are 100% opt in. no spam, ever.2.dreaders want to read ezines because they are topic-specific.3.dezines offer a variety of types of ads, not just solo ads.to succeed with ezine advertising you simply match the interests of the readers to the product you are promoting and make them an offer.​three simple steps.1.dfind an ezine where the readers are interested in what you are promoting.2.dbuy an ad from the publisher and provide ad copy.3.drun the ad so that people can buy from you.we will show you how it's done inside the member area.who can use ezine advertising?this may be the best news of all ...ezine advertising is affiliate friendly!the truth is, it's getting harder and harder to succeed with affiliate marketing for one big reason ... most advertising outlets are not affiliate friendly.you used to be able to promote affiliate products with pay-per-click advertising. not so much anymore.then social media seemed like it was going to be the answer.only recently a major social media company revealed that they really "prefer" that your clicks all go to content.not good news for affiliate marketers.so what is an affiliate to do?use ezine advertising!you see, ezine publishers simply do not care what you are promoting.they are happy to help you get targeted traffic for any site you promote. and for as many sites as you want to promote!how much does this type of advertising cost?it is impossible to say "this is the cost" because each ezine publisher sets their own pricing.that said, there are some wonderful ways to advertise in ezines that are very low cost.the secret to low-cost ezine advertising is the type of ad you choose to run.there is a trend among "solo sellers" and people on forums to believe that only solo ads work well.nothing could be farther from the truth.they say this because solo ads are all they have to offer.as the old saying goes ... "when all you have is a hammer, all problems begin to look like a nail!"ezines offer much more than just solo ads!note: i teach members exactly how to do all of this inside the doe.here are the types of ads ezine publishers offer.msolo adsmtop sponsor adsmbanner adsmmiddle sponsor adsmtext link adsmadvertorialsmbottom sponsor adsmendorsed mailingsmreciprocal mailingsmpartial list sendswhat is the difference between real ezine advertising and "solo ad" sellers?the truth is there is no difference in the type of ad. the term "solo ad" simply means an ad that it sent alone - hence the name solo.but there is a big difference in the type of company (or person) who sells you the ad and in the results you can expect.you see, "solo ad sellers" are really selling clicks, not traditional solo ads.while you do buy an ad, provide them with ad copy, and the ad does go out alone, the differences stop there.here are some important differences between buying a solo ad from a reliable ezine publisher vs. buying a solo ad from a "solo ad seller".solo ad sellersyou get only the clicks you pay for, not all the clicks from the ad!their list building method is secret - they will not let you join their list.they do not provide content to readers ... they only send solo ads.most solo sellers have a website only so they can sell you more solo ads.some solo ad sellers require you use their ad copy or landing page.some solo sellers will not allow you to use popular tracking services.ezine publishers you get all the clicks the ad creates. you are not limited! you can join the ezine list before you buy the ad. publishers publish helpful content so readers pay attention! the publisher's site can be viewed online anytime. you can use your own ad copy and landing page. you can use any ad tracking method you like.don't get me wrong - there are some good solo ad sellers. and we do share who they are with our members.but if you buy a solo ad from someone who only sells clicks, won't tell you how he builds his list, and does not have a physical address or phone number ... then buyer beware!as you can see, we tell members everything they need to know to succeed with ezines. why not join us right now?the most powerful marketing method of all and it is completely free to do!method 2 - article marketingone of the very best ways to drive targeted traffic with ezines is article marketing.this is the method i used when i joined the doe so many years ago.you can read my story below.many people don't realize this but most ezine publishers do not write their own content.just like you very rarely see an article from arianna huffington in the huffington post, publishers rely on contributors to provide their content.and you can become one of those contributors!here is the step-by-step process.1. find ezines that will accept article submissions. (because we list ezines by niche this is a snap)2.contact the publisher and offer to provide an article for their ezine.3. if you are a good fit, they will run your article at no cost to you, exposing your contact information to all of their readers!that is all there is to it! once you have some success you just repeat the process whenever you want free publicity!when i joined the doe so many years ago i did not have money for ads. but i did have articles ezine publishers could publish.within 3 months my articles went from being read by no one (other than my family) to a potential audience of over 3 million readers!we received traffic. we received emails asking about my copywriting services.and yes, we made many, many sales from this completely free method of marketing!this method works just as well today as it did back then!and you can begin using this amazing free method starting today!ezine publishers have huge lists. jv with them and promote your products at no upfront costs!method 3 - joint venturesa joint venture with an ezine publisher can be a life changing event.here is how it works.1.dfind ezines that will accept article submissions. (because we list ezines by niche this is a snap)2.dcontact the publisher and offer to provide an article for their ezine.3.dif you are a good fit, they will run your article at no cost to you, exposing your contact information to all of their readers!once again, you can repeat this as many times as you like at no cost to you.i want to be very candid about this, not every doe member is going to be a good fit for a jv with a publisher.but if you own your own product, or have a unique bonus attached to an affiliate product, you are a very good candidate!we will even show you how it's done!get started with your landing page!duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. get your product now!i started out as a member and then this happened ...will my story become your story too?hi, i’m charlie page.i want to share my story with you.the reason i share this is to let you know that you do not need a fancy website, do not need a big budget, and do not need deep experience to succeed with ezines.in fact, when i started as a member i had none of that.to make what is a rather long story short let me give you the highlights.i was working at home because i was too sick to get a "real" job.i bought a membership to the doe, hoping it would work. (i really could not afford it.)i did not have money to buy ads ... any type of ad.so i contacted as many publishers as i could and offered to write articles for them free.the result?less than 18 months later i bought the company!i went from straining to afford the joining fee ($39.95 back then) to owning the entire company in less than 18 months.while you won't buy my company in less than 18 months, i believe you will do great things for your business when you become a member today.and i will work hard to help you succeed with the doe, just like i succeeded with it.you can see why i love the doe and always will!massive value ... real resultswhat is the cost?you need to know if the doe is affordable. i get that.so let's talk about cost and value.first things first, platinum membership in the doe is a one time fee.and yes, we have members who joined way back in 1998 and are still members today.and they never had to pay a penny more to remain members or get our upgrades.which leads me to ...all upgrades to the site are free.we never charge members an additional fee when we upgrade the site. and upgrade and update we do. quite often in fact.the site is continuously updated. and we add new bonus items to the site as well. members get these free!platinum membership to the doe is only $197.that is a one-time payment, not a monthly fee!one more thing ...we have not raised the price of the doe since 2007!why would we not raise our price when others have and when we have added massive value to the site?because we are committed to keeping the doe affordable for all.it may sound corny, but i remember well the feeling of wanting the doe and not being able to buy it.our unconditional 30 day guarantee protects youtry the doe before you decide!i'll keep this short. if the doe is not right for you we will cheerfully refund your payment with no questions asked.unlike other companies that offer a 3 day or 7 day guarantee, we offer a full 30 day money back guarantee from the date of your purchase.we do this for 3 important reasons.1. the doe is a big site, full of resources. you can't just log in and see everything we have to offer on day 1. so we give you time to get a feel for the place.2. placing ads with publishers can take time. the idea of buying an ad on the first day of your membership and seeing sales in 48 hours is a myth. it's not true and never has been. we know it takes time to place ads with better publishers and so we don't rush you.3. we never trick you or trap you. the doe has been online since 1998 and has an excellent reputation. we have that reputation because we treat members like we want to be treated. and that means no fluff or double-talk, just the common sense facts that work.go ahead and join the doe right now. when you do, you will get instant access to all we have to offer.and you will lock in our low rate when you act now.something special just for you!our bonus package provides even more value!we really do love our members. and we like to reward their faithful membership.that's why we are always on the hunt for anything that will add value to their lives.we don't even call them "bonuses", we call them rewards.access to our list of ezines is well worth $197. but we work hard to pack in extra value to help members succeed.your success is our #1 priority.with that in mind, we are pleased to offer you the following valuable rewards absolutely free.get traffic with ezines courseour learning center is chock full of the common sense information you need to succeed online.here is a screenshot from inside the site to give you an idea of what we offer.member only webinarsthese webinars cover a variety of topics important to our members.for example, we have a webinar on solo ad writing as well as one on banner ad mastery.with that in mind, we are pleased to offer you the following valuable bonuses absolutely free.learning centerour learning center is chock full of the common sense information you need to succeed online.here is a screenshot from inside the site to give you an idea of what we offer.resource centerever need a trusted recommendation but not have someone to ask? our doe resource center will help!inside the resource center we list only the best of the best tools to help you get the job done.private affiliate program pays 50%our affiliate program is run by clickbank, the most trusted name in affiliate marketing.even though we use clickbank, our program is completely private and open to members only.once you become a member you will be able to fill in a short affiliate application. once approved, you will be manually added to our list of approved affiliates.we also offer you all the tools and training you need to succeed with the doe!plus, because our affiliate program is open only to members you will not be competing with the other 100,000 affiliates in the clickbank network!quick start guidethe doe is a deep and powerful resource. knowing this (remember, i was a member before i bought the company) i put a premium on ease of use.in that light, our exclusive quick start guide will suggest specific steps to get started.as always, we are only an email away should you need help.member only discountsmany of our publishers offer doe member only discounts. just earlier this year a major publisher slashed prices to the bone for doe members.they loved it! they saved money. the publisher gained new clients.and, best of all, the advertising worked for members!free lifetime membership to my list building courseezines are the perfect way to build your list! the reason for this is simple.because people who subscribe to ezines already prefer to receive information via email, they will want to join your list too!that is why advertising in ezines for people to join your list works so wonderfully well.did you know that some big-name search engines and social media outlets will not allow you to send traffic to squeeze pages?that's just crazy!ezine advertising is 100% squeeze page friendly!free lifetime membership to my headline writing coursethe most important part of any ad or email is the headline. in email, the subject line is the headline.because headline writing is so important, and because it is vital to get this right i am happy to give you lifetime access to my headline writing course.in less than 1 hour you will learn how to write powerful headlines!and even more!we continuously think about members and how to best serve them. for this reason, we add new goodies and bonuses to the site regularly.in fact, there is a surprise bonus waiting for you right now on the member home page!you can tell the doe is full of value. you know the price is right and you know you need and want the traffic we can help you get.don't wait a moment longer. use the button below and become a doe member today. you will be so glad that you did!these customers love the doe. (you will too!)here's why:faqwhat is an "ezine"?an ezine is an electronic magazine (or newsletter) that is delivered by email. the word "ezine" comes from a combination of the e is electronic and zine in the word magazine.how does ezine advertising work?the process is actually quite easy. you simply match the content or readership of an ezine with the profile of your perfect customer. if you are selling golf products, you advertise to people who you know play golf. it's simple!why does ezine advertising work?there are many reasons. the top three are 1) ezines are highly  targeted 2) ezine readers pay attention because they want the content.3) ezine advertising is cost effective.who can use ezine advertising?almost anyone making any offer can use ezine advertising effectively. i've seen people sell bread recipes, high level coaching offers, real estate, amazon products, and much more using ezines. the key is the buyers. ezines help you reach buyers!how much does this type of advertising cost?the costs vary between publishers. running an ad in a nationally recognized newsletter will naturally cost more than an ad in a smaller, mom-and-pop ezine. what is the difference between ezine advertising and solo ads?while many true ezines sell solo ads, what they don't sell is just clicks. when you find "solo ad" sellers who promise you will get x number of clicks watch out!© 2025 common sense digital marketing (a charliepage company) all rights reserved.

