


the craft shop at mountain shadow ranch




 









































home










made in the united states










silk clouds










hand dyed rovings










fiber clubs of the month










yarns by the skeins& ball










spinning & felting fibers










undyed rovings










american fibers










sale yarns and fibers










gifts 4 the fiber artist










knit & crochet patterns










spindles/carding equip










louet  spinning wheels










louet weaving looms










my favorite links










ball winders & swifts etc










the shop at the ranch










about us










how to & guides










finished projects by ewe!










weaving projects










blog










midway atoll, june 4,2007










quilting/scrapbook/sewing

















the craft shop at mountain shadow ranch

i'm constantly adding new products, so please check back often!






welcome to mountain shadow ranch, home of the adopt a sheep program.  our ranch is located near cottage grove 20 miles south of eugene, oregon.   our shop hours are by appointment only at this time.   i'm usually at the shop most days, but please call first at 530-409-2018.  please click on the link to the left:  for shop hours and driving directions. 
the ranch shop  carries a wide variety of fibers for all fiber artists.    there are many more products we carry and if you can't find what you are looking for, just email me at : teresa@mountain-shadow-ranch.net and ask if i have it in stock.
 
i also carry many items not on my web site in my etsy store:
https://mountainshadowranch.etsy.com    check it out! 







new offering !!!  check it out!!!

new club:  hand dyed roving of the month club. join now as membership is limited!
each month is a different colorway of roving sent to you. you may always ask for more if i have extra but since all are individually hand painted and dyed by me no two will be exactly the same.
 
http://www.mountain-shadow-ranch.1shoppal.com/mystery-batt-of-the-month.html












new item!  silk clouds 100% silk batts!!!  various colors 1 ounce each .  click here for more photos and colors.
http://www.mountain-shadow-ranch.1shoppal.com/silk-clouds.html








learn to spin your own yarns.  spring?summer classes forming now!!!  please email me at teresa@mountain-shadow-ranch.net  for more information.  also we are offering beginning knitting, crochet and weaving classes continuously.  please let me know what you are interested in!  












 i carry the complet line of louet spinning wheels and looms for the beginner or experienced fiber artist!
 your first three lessons free with a purchase of a new louet spinning wheel or loom at my shop in cottage grove, oregon.





















	 
 












    





		custom search

 









powered by 1shoppal.com webstore builder
















