

jeep cherokee - jeep cherokee transmission safety and control









 









   
   

  





 dirt 
  road    magazine 











off 
road    magazine 








 four 
wheeler    magazine 








 sport 
utility   magazine 








 trailer 
boats magazine 























































chryslers 
response



















































































1-2 
neutral safety switch repair

 

email us


aftermarket innovations








5820 brooklake road
  p.o. box 9031 brooks, or 97305






  phone 800 528 6900
outside u.s. call




  (503)
585 2251



u.s. patent 5413541 salem oregon
  real estate
seattle real estate
















                                                                                                                                         
               

              
      jeep cherokee
       

                    
      transmission 


safety and control computer
 


                         

            
 compushift 
    plus 




















                                                                     
                                                              
                              sorry,
                            we are no longer offering the compushft plus.   the
                            jeep cherokee transmission known as the aw4
                            automatic transmission does not allow you to control
                            first and second gear manually.  the jeep
                            cherokee automatic transmission shift computer,
                            compushift plus, gives you that total control of
                            first and second gear in the combined "1-2"
                            transmission gear shift position. it is the most exciting
                            jeep cherokee transmission  performance enhancing and
                             safety product
                            to come along for your jeep cherokee transmission. 
                            the
                            jeep cherokee transmission, known as the aw4, does not allow
                            individual control over first and second gear in the combined
                            "1-2" shift position. 
this
                            is especially dangerous if you downshift to slow
                            down on icy, wet, or muddy, road surfaces or when
                            attempting to reduce downhill speed on loose gravel
                            roads.  
because
                            of the unexpected automatic downshift to first gear
                            from second, the wheels essentially "lock
                            up" from the abrupt gear ratio change. 
                            this can cause the cherokee to skid violently
                            sideways, and out of control.  
most jeep
                            cherokee owners do not even realize how their
                            transmission operates in the "1-2"
                            shift lever position.  if you wish to find out
                            how you and your jeep cherokee transmission will benefit from the
                            use of a compushift plus you can perform the
                            following test:
 



warning!! 
                                  do not perform this test unless you are on dry
                                  pavement or your jeep cherokee may spin out of
                                  control!!
................................................................................................................................................................



 
                                  place the transmission shift lever in the
                                  drive position and bring the vehicle speed up
                                  to 35-40 mph. now let off on the accelerator
                                  and downshift to the 1-2 position, (as you
                                  would in slippery or icy conditions or when
                                  towing, to allow engine braking to help slow
                                  you down) and you will feel the transmission
                                  downshift into second gear. continue slowing
                                  down and at about 25-28 mph you will
                                  feel an abrupt downshift to first gear even
                                  though you have not touched the shift lever.

this abrupt
                                  uncontrollable downshift of your jeep cherokee
                                  transmission at such a high rate of speed is the factory
                                  design deficiency that the compushift plus
                                  eliminates.  
                                  in a properly designed vehicle
                                  you would have separate shift positions for
                                  first and second gear and would be able to
                                  manually control the downshift at a safe speed
                                  for conditions. this is especially true of a
                                  sport utility vehicle such as the jeep.  now
                                  you can have this same safe, manual control of
                                  first gear in your jeep cherokee transmission, with compushift
                                  plus.

compushift plus allows your cherokee's
                                  transmission to remain
                                  in second gear for as long as you wish, then
                                  when your vehicle has slowed enough for a safe
                                  downshift into first, you simply push a button
                                  and it shifts into first gear. 





                             








                            click to email us 

 
aftermarket
                            innovations

5820 brooklake 
                            road
                            brooks, oregon 97305

     
   
                            a
                            jeep cherokee history

from edmunds.com




                                  1984-1996





 


                            much in the same way that american automakers had
                            downsized many of their cars in the previous decade,
                            jeep downsized one of its nameplates, the cherokee,
                            for 1984.

                            prior to this year, the cherokee moniker was
                            attached to what amounted to a sportier version of
                            jeep's wagoneer. mostly unchanged since its debut in
                            the early 1960s, the wagoneer was a large,
                            truck-based, four-door wagon with four-wheel drive.

                            the former cherokee, introduced as a 1974, shared
                            most everything with the wagoneer, including
                            dimensions and engine selections. the major
                            differences between the two were that the "jeep cherokee"
                            was initially available only as a two-door (with the
                            same wheelbase and length as the wagoneer) and the
                            cherokee cost less than the more luxurious wagoneer.
                            a four-door cherokee joined the lineup in 1977.

                            the 1984 jeep cherokee shared nothing with its
                            predecessor, save its name. a shorter wheel- base
                            (over 7 inches less than the "old" model,
                            at 101.4 inches) and overall length (at 165.3
                            inches, a decrease of 21 inches) combined with a
                            much lighter weight of around 3,100 pounds (over
                            1,000 pounds less than before) went a long way
                            toward better fuel mileage and easier
                            maneuverability, on-road or off. two-door and
                            four-door body styles were offered.

                            styling for the trim jeep cherokee was chiseled and taut,
                            with muscular wheel well flares and a tall
                            greenhouse that afforded good visibility for driver
                            and passengers alike. the interior continued this
                            theme with a likewise simple dash and control
                            layout. seating capacity was listed as five, though
                            it was tight for three adults to ride in the
                            backseat.

                            trim levels were comprised of the base jeep cherokee,
                            more luxurious pioneer and the sporty chief. the
                            pioneer featured carpeting, additional instrument
                            panel gauges, full center console and a rear window
                            wiper/washer. the chief was the most stylin' of the
                            trio with blackout exterior trim, hood striping and
                            white-lettered tires.

                            motive force came in the form of either four- or
                            six-cylinder power. the 2.5-liter four banger
                            inhaled its fuel and air through a one-barrel
                            carburetor and made 105 horsepower. the optional,
                            2.8-liter, two-barrel v6 (which was actually
                            supplied by chevrolet) produced but 115 horses.
                            although these powerplants were adequate, serious
                            thrust for the jeep cherokee was a still a few years
                            away. there were three transmission choices for the
                            v6: a standard four-speed manual, optional
                            five-speed manual and optional three-speed
                            automatic. the four-cylinder was limited to the
                            four-speed manual as its gearbox.

                            considered by many as the leader in the
                            four-wheel-drive (4wd) vehicle segment, jeep offered
                            not one but two 4wd systems for the jeep cherokee.
                            "command-trac" was a part-time,
                            shift-on-the-fly unit and the "selec-trac"
                            system allowed the option of full-time 4wd
                            operation. a "quadra-link" front
                            suspension design (which featured a solid axle
                            suspended by coil springs and four links)
                            contributed to the jeep cherokee's quickly acquired
                            reputation for off-road prowess.

                            the new jeep cherokee was well received by the motoring
                            press and the buying public alike, with nearly
                            78,000 jeep cherokees sold in its first year.

1985 brought the laredo trim level to the jeep cherokee
                            family. standard on the laredo were most of
                            the features of the pioneer with upgrades such as
                            plusher interior materials, pinstripes, alloy wheels
                            and chrome grille treatment.

                            changes to the jeep cherokee in general included the
                            addition of front headrests and passenger assist
                            handles (for easier ingress and egress as well as
                            something to hold on to when the driver went hog
                            wild off-road). two-wheel-drive versions were now
                            offered for those who didn't need the capabilities
                            of four-wheel drive. a few new options debuted as
                            well, such as keyless entry and a renault-sourced,
                            four-cylinder, turbodiesel engine.

                            two major hardware upgrades were hot topics for the jeep cherokee
                            in 1986. a redesigned and more
                            powerful four-cylinder engine was now standard. the
                            replacement of the stone-age carburetor with fuel
                            injection helped the 2.5-liter mill pump out a
                            respectable 117 horsepower, an increase of 12 horses
                            over the previous motor. smoother operation and
                            easier starting were other benefits of the more
                            modern induction setup.

                            geared toward serious off-road enthusiasts was a new
                            "off-highway vehicle" package that
                            included heavy-duty suspension components, bigger
                            (225/75/15) tires, skid plates, tow hooks, a 4:10
                            rear axle ratio (to help in climbing up steep grades
                            and slogging through mud) and higher ground
                            clearance.

                            serious power became an option in 1987 when
                            jeep dumped the 2.8 v6 and put a stout, 4.0-liter,
                            inline six-cylinder engine of jeep's design on the
                            option list. kicking out 177 horsepower, the new
                            "power-tech six" could catapult the jeep cherokee
                            from rest to 60 mph in around 9 seconds --
                            pretty quick, especially for an suv. another benefit
                            of the increased muscle was more towing capacity --
                            rated at 5,000 pounds. the 2.5-liter, four-cylinder
                            was tweaked for an additional four horsepower, for a
                            total of 121 ponies.

                            a new, electronically controlled, four-speed
                            automatic transmission replaced the former three-cog
                            unit. the new automatic also offered selectable
                            shift modes: power (which provided better
                            performance through higher-rpm upshifts and quicker
                            downshifts) and comfort (which was more relaxed and
                            economical in operation). and the primitive,
                            four-speed manual was history, leaving the
                            five-speed for shift-it-yourselfers.

                            cosmetically, the jeep cherokee received the option of
                            two-tone paint. inside the cabin were found new door
                            trim panels with stowage bins.

                            a new, loaded-up limited four-door model debuted
                            halfway through the model year. just about every
                            luxury, performance and convenience feature was
                            standard on the new top dog jeep cherokee. the limited
                            came with the powerful, 4.0-liter inline six teamed
                            with selec-trac and could be identified by its
                            color-keyed bumpers, gold wheels and gold
                            pinstripes. leather seats, power everything, keyless
                            entry and an eight-speaker sound system were
                            additional highlights of the limited's lengthy
                            standard equipment list.

                            other models received minor changes, such as new
                            plaid seats in the laredo and revised blackout trim
                            on the chief.

1988 saw the addition of a limited two-door
                            and the subtraction of the unpopular turbodiesel
                            engine option. sharp-eyed enthusiasts could discern
                            an '88 by a new eight-slot grille that replaced the
                            former 10-slot unit.

                            laredo models received new chrome trim as well as
                            lower bodyside cladding. in an effort to offer a jeep cherokee
                            for everyone (and leave no part of the
                            potential market uncovered), a sport two-door model
                            was offered. the sport added alloy wheels and
                            special graphics to the plain-jane jeep cherokee,
                            allowing those on a budget to drive a sharp rig
                            without breaking the bank.

                            the availability (on models equipped with the
                            4.0-liter engine, automatic transmission and
                            selec-trac) of a four-wheel, antilock braking system
                            (abs) was the big news for the 1989 jeep cherokee.
                            jeep's abs operated regardless of whether the jeep cherokee
                            was in 2wd or 4wd (unlike some competitors
                            who offered either only rear-wheel abs or four-wheel
                            abs that wouldn't function when the vehicle was in
                            4wd).

                            other functional upgrades for 1989 included two
                            former options that were made standard. base models
                            received power steering and all jeep cherokees swapped
                            their former 13.5-gallon fuel tank for a 20-gallon
                            unit.

                            changes were few for jeep's most popular model for 1990.
                            safety was improved through the fitment of
                            three-point seatbelts for all outboard occupants.
                            and a new overhead console on the limited featured a
                            compass, outside thermometer and storage
                            compartments for a garage door control and
                            sunglasses.

                            power for both the four- and the six-cylinder
                            engines was boosted for 1991. a new,
                            multi-point fuel-injection system helped the four-banger
                            squeeze out 130 horsepower -- an increase of nine
                            horses over the 1990 model. and the big six now
                            cranked out 190 horsepower, bringing the zero to 60
                            mph time of the jeep cherokee down to under nine seconds.

                            trim levels were shuffled about; the pioneer was
                            dropped, a new briarwood debuted, (identified by its
                            fake woodgrain trim on the bodysides) and a
                            four-door sport model joined the two-door sport.

                            making life easier for the owner of a '91 jeep cherokee
                            were new double-sided keys, highlighted underhood
                            service points and an optional illuminated entry
                            system.

1992 saw carpeting added to the standard
                            features of the base jeep cherokee. and laredo four-doors
                            could now be fitted with (optional) leather seating,
                            just like the fancier limited. other than this, not
                            much else changed for the jeep cherokee this year.

                            the jeep cherokee line was simplified for 1993, as
                            the previous five trim levels gave way to just
                            three; base, sport and the new country. the country
                            featured champagne-colored lower body, fender flares
                            and bumpers as well as most of the luxury features
                            of the defunct limited. and sport models were
                            updated with a two-tone treatment that featured
                            black on the lower body sides.

                            a long-life, stainless steel exhaust system was
                            fitted to all models, helping to lower ownership
                            costs.

                            safety refinements were added for 1994.
                            side-impact beams were now found in the doors, the
                            roof was beefed up for more crush resistance and a
                            center, high-mounted stoplight sat atop the liftgate.
                            air conditioning now used cfc-free refrigerant.

                            for those who didn't like the champagne (the color,
                            not the libation) of the year before, the country
                            was now available with silver as the secondary
                            color. and in an effort to make the base model sound
                            more appealing, the entry-level jeep cherokee now had the
                            "se" moniker added to its name.

                            in spite of looking very much like the 1984 version,
                            the jeep cherokee continued to be popular among those
                            looking for a manageable (both in size and cost) and
                            capable suv. 1995 brought a few notable
                            changes, a driver's side airbag and the availability
                            of an automatic (albeit just a three-speed)
                            transmission for the four-cylinder se. sport and
                            country models continued with the 4.0-liter,
                            six-cylinder engine hooked up to either a five-speed
                            manual or four-speed automatic gearbox. a few new
                            colors, such as moss green and aqua pearl, completed
                            the changes for this year.

                            minor refinements continued for the jeep cherokee in 1996.
                            both the four- and six-cylinder engines were tweaked
                            to run smoother and quieter. the inline six now
                            produced its power at lower rpm, making it more
                            responsive whether accelerating from a light or
                            towing a trailer up a steep grade.

                            safety and reliability were both enhanced this year.
                            an automatic transmission/brake pedal interlock
                            reduced the chance of an accident by requiring the
                            driver to apply the brake when moving the gear
                            selector out of park. the electrical system was
                            upgraded via a heavy-duty alternator and battery.
                            and the engine received a stiffer block, new
                            aluminum pistons and a new powertrain control
                            module.

                            in addition to the aforementioned improvements, some
                            new colors, such as bright jade and stone white,
                            helped extend the appeal of the jeep cherokee, now in its
                            13th model year.




                                  1997-2001





 


                            fourteen years after it debuted, the jeep cherokee finally received a facelift, well, actually quite a
                            bit more than a facelift. the $215 million update
                            occurred in 1997 when the front and rear ends
                            were smoothed out, the interior was updated and
                            noise, vibration and harshness (nvh) levels were
                            reduced.

                            although one had to look close to pick off a '97
                            versus an older jeep cherokee, a more cohesive appearance
                            was achieved via softened corners at the nose and
                            tail and with wheelwell flares that blended into the
                            bumper ends. the front vent windows were dropped for
                            a cleaner look and lessened wind noise, and larger
                            side-view mirrors, new bodyside moldings, new
                            wheels, optional deep-tint glass and a center
                            high-mounted stop lamp completed the changes
                            outside.

                            inside, change was much more apparent, as the more
                            modern cabin featured several key improvements in
                            ergonomics, safety and style. a new dash (now with a
                            passenger airbag), revised gauges and a new center
                            stack with easier to use controls for the stereo
                            (now available with both cassette and cd players)
                            and climate control system sported a cleaner design
                            with fewer pieces, which decreased the likelihood of
                            squeaks and rattles. other interior refinements
                            included new door panels, lighted power mirror and
                            window switches, a trip computer for the overhead
                            console and a new center console that boasted
                            integrated cupholders.

                            in an effort to improve build quality, jeep made
                            changes to the plant that made the body panels,
                            using new or reconditioned stamping dies and tighter
                            tolerances. more testing, including all electrical
                            functions and increased use of robotic paint
                            sprayers were employed, as well.

                            having made extensive engine refinements in 1996,
                            jeep left well enough alone, but did improve the
                            electrical system via upgraded connectors and a
                            decreased amount of wiring.

                            for 1998 trim levels were juggled. the
                            limited returned to replace the country as the
                            top-of-the-line jeep cherokee, and the classic debuted,
                            slotted between the sport and the limited. the
                            classic added color-keyed bumpers and moldings, a
                            roof rack, air conditioning, power mirrors and alloy
                            wheels to the sport. three new colors, chili pepper
                            red, deep amethyst and emerald green, joined the
                            palette.

                            soldiering on into 1999, the jeep cherokee line
                            continued with minor changes. the sport model now
                            had color-keyed bumpers and grille, a sentry key
                            anti-theft system debuted, heated front seats became
                            optional on the limited, and engine efficiency was
                            improved via revised electronics and a new exhaust
                            catalyst.

                            the 2000 jeep cherokee got a more refined version
                            of the 4.0-liter inline six. introduced the previous
                            year in the grand jeep cherokee, the revamped engine ran
                            quieter and cleaner (it now met low emission vehicle
                            standards) than the previous iteration. a new
                            five-speed manual gearbox with improved shift
                            quality was mated to the new six in se (if the six
                            was ordered) and sport models, and a four-speed
                            automatic was standard on jeep cherokee classic and
                            limited.

                            the limited traded its monochromatic appearance for
                            a flashier appearance this year. chrome highlights
                            on the grille, headlight bezels and rear license
                            plate brow along with silver alloy wheels served to
                            further distinguish the limited from the other jeep cherokees.

                            lastly, some new colors debuted, including patriot
                            blue and silverstone pearls.

                            the last year for the jeep cherokee, 2001, would
                            pass without much fanfare. the 2.5-liter
                            four-cylinder engine was finally buried, child seat
                            tether anchors debuted, and steel blue replaced
                            desert sand on the color chart.
copyright edmunds.com, inc. 
                            all rights reserved.  first published on www.edmunds.com
                            and reprinted with permission.  edmunds and the
                            edmunds.com car logo are proprietary trademarks of
                            edmunds.com, inc
                            

 
                        




home | top
                    of page
 




aftermarket innovations © 2003 | all
                    rights reserved









