









american windsurfer – premier windsurfing lifestyle magazine













































































search






			search for:		



		search	








skip to content



american windsurfer
premier windsurfing lifestyle magazine






home
back issuesfeaturedvolume  volume volume volume volume volume volume volume browse all →back issues → featuredvolume 9: issue 5welcome to the silver aniversary, 10th-year celebratory edition of american windsurfer. in this issue, we attempt to … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue premeir issuerobby naish, world champion windsurfer since the age of twelve, with wife katie on kanaha beach in maui, hawaii.browse issue volume 10: issue 1presidential hopeful john kerry is overwhelmed by autograph seekers waving 6-year old copies of american windsurfer. the … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 10: issue 1flash austin graced the first issue of international kiteboarder.browse issue back issues → volume  volume 9: issue 1windsurfing’s mvp micah buzianis shows his winning stance on a board named after him, the drops mb14. the … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 9: issue 2hatchery highness temira wagonfeld, captured mid-360, represents many firsts. possibly the first woman to land a spock, … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 9: issue 3/4the gingrich who stole the game. mitch gingrich captured mid “spock 540” at the gorge games in … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 9: issue 5welcome to the silver aniversary, 10th-year celebratory edition of american windsurfer. in this issue, we attempt to … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue back issues → volume volume 8: issue 1photographer douglas faulkner’s portrait of lynnie nielson comes from a series of underwater nudes taken on maui … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 8: issue 2right stuff:  american windsurfer test 2000+1 guest tester bill russell on board his supersonic british built hawker … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 8: issue 3/4speed blur is what darrell wong has contributed to the world of windsurfing. the maui based photographer … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 8: issue 5hookipa queen jennifer gately henderson is the most respected female windsurfer at hookipa beach maui. she is … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue back issues → volume volume 7: issue 1speed freak: chad fleischer, the number one downhill skier in the united states has the need for speed … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 7: issue 2go, go! learned to windsurf on the go board during our test at club paradise.  the twenty-one-year-old french … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 7: issue 3/4the trans-atlantic assault: daniele olivieri, riding a swell that rolled in during the fourth race of the … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 2, issue 1kathy strover, fashion model for print and tv, attempted windsurfing for the first time during a 1986 … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue back issues → volume volume 6, issue 1a windgliding pose: eleven-year-old john chao jr. taking  the windglider for a spin. he and his brother … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 6, issue 2winning pose: steve hutchinson of newfoundland, canada wins the cover contest by rallying his many, many, canadian shredder … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 6, issue 3/4hanging out: in aruba, guest tester nevin sayre of fiberspar, hammed it up for the camera along … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 6, issue 5testing compatibility: no drudgery at the islamorada test and clinic session. three-times us olympic champion and twice medalist … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue back issues → volume volume 5: issue 1french female windsurfing champion nathalie le lievre showing the crowd that she’s adjusted well to the manmade … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 5: issue 2michael “gebi” gebhardt, olympic u.s. windsurfing champion, a silver and a bronze medalist since 1988. for the cover, … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 5: issue 3/4jason polakow: doing a laydown forward loop is ranked number 1 in the world for 1997. photographs … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 5: issue 5senator john kerry: “i don’t think we’re in newsweek anymore, toto.”  no longer just featured in your everyday news … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue back issues → volume volume: 3.5-4.1robby naish us-1111 after appearing on the cover of our premier issue, it’s only natural that our … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 4: issue 2bjorn dunkerbeck on the rise again after being held under by a shoulder injury. the eight time … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 4: issue 3flying in formation: captain allan gabel and the new mexico air national guard takes american windsurfer for … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 4: issue 5luke silver: one of a handful of young aspiring sailors on maui.browse issue back issues → volume volume 3, issue 1sixty-three-year-old sally dolton snell rides the imaginary skies of every windsurfer’s dream.  suspended under the mizzen mast of … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 3, issue 2brothers klaus & malte simmer viewing ho'okipa from their haiku home.browse issue volume 3, issue 3ken winner us-1 enjoying life on the banks of the columbia river.browse issue volume 3: issue 4mike zajicek flying the free air of america after attempting to escape communist czechoslovakia on a windsurfer. … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue back issues → volume volume 2, issue 1kathy strover, fashion model for print and tv, attempted windsurfing for the first time during a 1986 … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 2, issue 2monty spindler, designer for art sails, has been on the cutting edge of windsurfing since he purchased … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue volume 2, issue 3don't tell these new hampshire kids that windsurfing is a solo sport.browse issue volume 2, issue 5america cubed and the all-women’s team racing with the wind for the america’s cup race in san … continue reading "welcome to american windsurfer magazine"browse issue 

back issues


columnsinterviewsinstructionalsportfoliowindmillsscreamerswhirlwindsfeatured articlesromancing the windall columns →columns  interviewssean ordonez:by will harperman behind the grindview article destiny’s docby john chaodestiny waits for no man…view article a dance with the danglerby john chaoface to face with one of the most controversial windsurfers on the waterview article wingmakerby john chaonot many people in the windsurfing industry can say they really know bill hansen. view article columns  instructionalsthe boomerangby rafael bachthe boomerang jibe, seen here, was first coined on maui and the catchy name stuck...view article cat, go, fish, babe…by steinerik gabrielsenre-writing the learning curve . . . from years to hours! view article airborne windsurfingby carl-magnus fogelholmthe latest trend among wingsurfers in finland is to get airborne...view article airborne windsurfing iiby misa leiberin this article, i will give you some tips...view article columns  portfolioshudderspeedblending windsurfing and photography is its own artform. view article view finder: jerome houyvetby john chaoif you don’t recognize his name, you will surely recognize his work. view article hatchersby john chao“if you ain’t got the bucks, you launch on the rocks...”
view article seeking streaking bettys @ kanahaby john chaowe had to see for ourselves, who these everyday shredding bettys are today.view article columns  windmillsfellowship of the windmilestones of a ten-year odyssey view article the great travel contestby brian kinggrand prize: brett nichols
2nd prize:  don ezernack
3rd prize:  gregg richardsonview article windsurfing’s mvpby al simmonsthe corpus christy bay trophy is awarded to someone who excels in both sailing and sportsmanshipview article 1999 equipment preview with ken winnerby ken winnerevery year i see innovations like these and wish i had come up with them.view article columns  screamerswhat i learned on mauiby laurie nadelmardi gras of the pacific is what halloween in lahaina, has become.view article jason polakow & scott carvill wavesailing jawsby jono knightwelcome to the edge of insanity. welcome to screamers.view article in search of a windsurfing festivalthere was wind, water, sun and a happy island. view article maui, north shore: jawsby patrick mcfeeleyon maui, it’s known as “piahi.” we know it as... jawsview article columns  whirlwindssisterhood  in the pacific northwestby erica geraldgather together to ccelebrate the wind on longboards and big sailsview article keeping the spirit aliveby heather rileyfor the next four years windsurfers will pursue their olympic dreams  riding upon one design equipment.view article to race of not to raceby mariel devesaview article psychic windseeker: keith sherwoodby stacey knappview article columns  featured articlesa fleet of their ownattitude evolution the 1980s and early 90s were a heady time for racing in the bay. local … continue reading "a fleet of their own"view article gone with the wind iiby will harperwait, did somebody say plantation? roll film!view article lost at lastby brad drummonda companions’ tale of a journey into the weird and wild of oregon’s secluded coast.view article fakeoutby will harper, bruce petersonit was windy. even for here it was really windy.
view article columns  romancing the winda blast from the pastby laurie nadel...you realize something wonderful is about to happen.view article paul hill: keeper of the flameby brian thompsona new column to pay tribute to those men and women who actively promote the growth of the sport.view article romancing: josh stoneby rose scarolamaui's iconic sunshine manview article terms of endearmentby pat pawlingpeople have always called me names, but it really picked up when i started windsurfing. view article 

columns
interviews


interactiveinteractive articles → enjoy these articles in original magazine formatgone to mauiview article 1999 all-around boardsview article darrell jonesview article boardhead inventorsview article air canariaview article grand slammedview article senator john kerry: interviewview article view allinteractive articles 

interactive articles


aw blog
videosvideos | american windsurfer blogall videos →
columbia gorge windsurfing [2023]windsurfing in the hood and columbia rivers near hood river and mosier, oregon. shot on gopro 11 july 7-10th (hr) and august 26th (rock creek, mosier). bonus gear malfunction... wait till the end!watch video 
paris indoor: 2016robby naish, robert teriitehau and erik thiémé ensured the entertainment value of this year's paris indoor event!! this is their last jump on the basin and the final heat of slalom.
watch video 
finland ice windsurfingice windsurfing in espoonlahti, finland in 2016. from ian rautelin on vimeo.watch video 
2015 pwa slalom world cupwindsurfing world cup finals 2015 in costa brava.watch video 
new speed sailing record: antoine albeauantoine just broke the world's windsurfing top speed record, again!watch video 
pwa aloha classic 2014aloha classic pwa 2014 event highlights sponsored by starboard and severnewatch video 

videos


airmail
airmail  readers respond: airmail archive
gender equality and erotic hippos

just back from hatteras. snagged a recent issue of american windsurfer while there. glancing at some older issues too, i was reminded of what i liked most— read airmail 
friendly, feminine, focus, free hat

from “butt ugly” (see airmail 9.1) to “beautiful to look at"...is it half full or half empty? why can’t we just get along? i don’t think we ever claimed the issue to be a ‘woman’s guide... read airmail 
pathetic attention on windsister

my husband just got your women’s issue of american windsurfer but he for once, was not the first person who got to read it. previous issues didn’t really have much for me— read airmail 
can you hear the drums fernando?

fernando coronel is the co-owner of velauno, the largest windsurfing shop in the caribbean. read airmail 
cancel cancer enough already

i’ll use the money to buy toilet paper. bill cimikoski’s article is driving me crazy! vol. 8(3/4) takes the words right out of my mouth. when i got this issue i didn’t think it was american windsurfer.  read airmail 
life beyond cancer

every year i went in for a routine well-woman exam, and every year i was sent the little postcard saying my results were normal. the phone call was bad news.  read airmail 
changing wind

the closest i have come to catching some air was stubbing my toe on his 85-liter screamer  in the middle of our boston apartment and hopping up and down.  read airmail 
driving me significatly crazy

i am a freelance writer who regularly reports for several local papers in the boston area. more importantly, i am the significant other of a windsurfing fanatic. i am writing to you to propose a unique story idea for your readers. read airmail 

airmail


donate
about
contact us
 





skip to content






featured articles



 
a tribute to christian marty
by laurie nadel  pilot christian marty is hailed as a hero for steering the blazing aircraft away from a densely populated center of town. the crash killed all 110 people aboard the supersonic jetliner on its way across the atlantic. 



 
a blast from the past
by laurie nadel everyone remembers the first time . . . like falling in love . . . the gentle kiss, on a summer afternoon, long ago . . . and the first rush, as you realize something wonderful is about to happen.



 
lake garda
by john chao “the tour buses would bring the old people and they would sit on the beaches until 1:00 pm. then the wind would blow them back to their hotel rooms and they would say, ‘torbole bad!we will never come back!’”






previous



next




editor's choice


interviews  naomi & newman darby
by john chao

featured articles  the transatlantic windemption
by eddy patricelli

pwa news  year in the life of pwa: part i
by dan atkins

romancing the wind  a blast from the past
by laurie nadel

interviews  a need for speed
by john chao

windmills  fellowship of the wind
 


advertisement






recent posts



author  john johnposted on october 27th, 2023october 27th, 2023format videovideos  




columbia gorge windsurfing [2023] 
windsurfing in the hood and columbia rivers near hood river and mosier, oregon. shot on gopro 11 july 7-10th (hr) and august 26th (rock creek, mosier). bonus gear malfunction… wait till the end!





author  john chaoposted on april 4th, 2016september 30th, 2023format videovideos  




paris indoor: 2016 
robby naish, robert teriitehau and erik thiémé ensured the entertainment value of this year’s paris indoor event!! this is their last jump on the basin and the final heat of slalom.






readers react

air mail  personal choices, poetic intentions
i just got done reading your interview with mike (gebhardt) and think his candor combined with annie (leibovitz’s) photography make for one of the strongest pieces of... 

air mail  cyclonic congratulations for flying high!
i’ve read a flock of pilot reports on various flying machines, but very few that signaled the pure joy of flight that you share in your windsurfer’s trek... 

air mail  fire readers against the grain
the only magazine i have chosen to renew is american windsurfer. your magazine continues to help me through the doldrums of everyday life. my soon-to-be four year old son thinks it’s pretty cool too! 

air mail  another legend for beauty and tears
really like the article about john kerry. seems he and i have travelled several similar paths, though i was an infantry officer in vietnam, he was a damn sailor. (thank god, i didn’t get into his politics, however). 

air mail  working joe’s, warning wows!
wow! now let me say it again, wow! you absolutely blew me away with your dramatic presentation of the windsurfing lifestyle and the people who live it... 

air mail  second chance enthusiasm
i’m a photographer stuck in the office between assignments and stock shooting. took your new issue to lunch and got so excited over the whole piece i was jumping outa my skin.  


recently edited




groping for global peace 





beauty queen with a propensity to chase wind and windmills: writer linda grover’s passion for windsurfing has put everything on the line…





1999 equipment preview with ken winner 

by ken winnertechnical editor for american windsurfer ken winner, us-1, has been influencing the sport since the late seventies and is, to many, the foremost technical guru in the world.
 



every year i see innovations like these and wish i had come up with them.





in search of secret service… 

by john chaopublisher / editor is a former photojournalist for geo, national geographic and time-life magazines
photos by david burnetnew york based contact photographer, david burnet is infamous for the 4x5 graflex camera he lugs around on assignment for time magazine 





editor’s note: 4.5 

by john chaopublisher / editor of american windsurfer is a former photojournalist for geo, national geographic and time-life magazines.
 



the dawn of a new age




 

year in the life of pwa: part i 

by dan atkinswith a ph.d in aerodynamics with a background in applied mathematics and physics, dan atkins runs around the world providing quality control to all the pwa events as their technical officer .
 



original 34 page article: presented here in two parts




 

gone with the wind 

by henry allenpulitzer prize winner henry allen writes about american culture for the washington post.
 



it was on a cold, lonely island in maine that i began to see what windsurfing and maybe the destiny of the human race are all about.




 

the history of the columbia river gorge 

by eric sanforderic sanford's words have worn through many pages of many magazines. "proliferation is a justification for my existence," and "treading water is the story of my life if i stop i sink."  a sensible philosophy for a "forty-one-year-old going on fifteen."
 





the movers, the shakers, our windmakers 







 

the transatlantic windemption 

by eddy patricellia windsurfing instructor at big winds in hood river and fishermen’s hut windsurfing in aruba, eddy patricelli is a team rider for north/f2 with a ba from southern oregon and is the winner of the southern oregon prose writing contest.
photos by tamotsu “taki” takiguchi, karen gillham, chad lyons, david weiss, john chao 



i am alive, flying down the biggest swell of my life in the middle of the atlantic. best of all my goal, the khlebnikov, is in plain sight. this joyous moment, however, is short-lived. 




 

naomi & newman darby – part ii 

article and photos by john chaopublisher/editor of american windsurfer is a former photojournalist for geo, national geographic and time-life magazines.
 



part ii of naomi and newman darby interview: full and un-edited.




advertisement













 







 







 







 







 







 




american windsurfer – launched in 1993 – chronicled the windsport for 11 years and received awards, accolades, and countless appearances in newspapers and on tv around the world. named “best international magazine” at the ispo show in munich, germany.

advertisement 





aw blog | links




author  amwindposted on september 30th, 2023september 30th, 2023format linkblog  

windsurfing hall of fame inductees announced 

 windsurfing hall of fame class of 2023 awards ceremony next year at dèfi wind, may 9th (gruissan, france)




author  john johnposted on june 1st, 2016june 1st, 2016format linkblog  

travel to hood river: aw contributor mentioned 

 no ill wind in hood river via nytimes travel maui meyer, a world-class windsurfer and a writer for american windsurfer magazine, who happens to have trained as a restaurateur at cornell university




author  john johnposted on april 13th, 2016april 13th, 2016format linkblog  

aw unearthed the origins of windsurfing 

 patents; a blow by blow of how the inventor of windsurfing found his place in the sun via nytimes american windsurfer, a glossy quarterly magazine based in gilford, n.h., published an article titled “origins of windsurfing,” featuring two extensive interviews with mr. drake and mr. schweitzer




author  john chaoposted on april 12th, 2016april 13th, 2016format linkblog  

on kerry: jimmy carter 

 carter dismisses clinton state dept. via the hill nice to read an admirable review of john kerry from jimmy carter!




profiles of a windsurfer

christina seilern


interactive articles



 

wong guys 



 

test 2001 feedback festival 



 

lake garda 





profiles of a windsurfer

monty spindler

advertisement



 
profiles of a windsurfer

douglas baumolel


advertisement



popular content



 

windblown jet set’r 



 

francisco goya 



 

rigging for the coming of the lord 



 

short & wide 



 

the transatlantic windemption 














info 
about us
contact us
donate
privacy policy


archive 
back issues
interactive articles
personal ads


sections 
interviews
letters to the editor
contributors


search



			search for:		



		search	






© 2025 american windsurfer. all rights reserved


site design by web rhythm










 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website


























































