











durrie vision | lasik & cataract eye surgery kansas city



















































































































procedures

lasik
refractive lens exchange
refractive cataract surgery
evo icl
advanced surface ablation (prk)
smile vision correction
all procedures


about us

about durrie vision
lasik surgery technology
contact us


financing
resources

blog
lasik savings calculator
patient portal


 lasik eligibility test
 (913) 491-3330
book a consultation
 


select page


  
 
 










welcome to durrie vision

kansas city's trusted leaders in lasik, lens, and cataract eye surgery

 for over 40 years, durrie vision in overland park has transformed thousands of lives with safe and affordable modern vision correction solutions. say goodbye to glasses, contacts, and readers, and discover the life-changing benefits of clear vision.

schedule free consultation













0 down, 0% interest for 24 monthssee clearly now, pay later. durrie vision offers flexible payment plans to fit your budget.
learn more about financing









customized vision solutions



your eyes deserve more than a one-size-fits-all solution. at durrie vision, we offer personalized vision correction tailored to your needs. 




schedule free consultation









use fsa and hsa benefits on all procedureslaser vision correction procedures are eligible expenses under most flexible spending accounts (fsas) and health savings accounts (hsas). take advantage of these tax-savings plans to save on vision correction. 
use it or lose it










why choose durrie vision for lasik in kc?

experience. innovation. results.







65,000+
procedures performed







200+
fda clinical research trials







20/happy
your vision after lasik









say goodbye to outdated and expensive eyewear with vision correction procedures that provide lasting clarity and freedom










e

lasik
for nearsightedness, farsightedness, & astigmatism








e

refractive lens exchange


for presbyopia, nearsightedness, farsightedness, & astigmatism










e

refractive cataract surgery
for cataracts, presbyopia, nearsightedness, farsightedness, & astigmatism







find my procedure







enjoy clear vision at every age

just as life evolves, so does our eyesight. at durrie vision, we provide tailored solutions to ensure you see clearly at every stage of life. select your age range below to discover the procedures best suited for you.

3












18-44



45+	



60+ 	 








at this time of life, most people are active and on the go. vision stabilizes in adulthood so now is a great time to eliminate the hassles and costs associated with glasses and contacts. our advanced lasik procedures address vision issues such as nearsightedness, farsightedness, and astigmatism. most common procedures are sbk advanced lasik and evo icl.







a common reason to explore vision correction is when it gets difficult to read things up close. this is called presbyopia and it’s very typical for many middle-aged adults to experience blurry vision especially when reading. eliminate the problem and the hassle of reading glasses with presbyopia-correcting vision procedures like sbk advanced lasik with blended vision and refractive lens exchange.







later in life, it’s normal for the eyes to develop cataracts—causing blurred vision. our advanced refractive cataract surgery procedure not only removes the cataract, but also corrects common vision conditions such as nearsightedness, farsightedness, and astigmatism. for those who have not yet developed a cataract, refractive lens exchange treats these same vision conditions while also preventing cataracts from developing in the future.








procedure eligibility test













benefits of lasik




improved vision
see better without glasses and contacts.






safer vision


lasik is 5x safer than contacts due to infections.








save money


no need to buy contacts, glasses, and cleaning solution again.






}

get time back


eliminate all daily hassles that come with glasses and contacts.









get a free consultation











your path to better vision

at durrie vision, we understand your eyes are unique. we specialize in vision correction procedures that meet the different needs of each patient, and recommend the best procedure for you.


u

free in-depth consultation
simply schedule a no-obligation consultation to get started. our advanced ocular analysis (aoa) is the most advanced diagnostic testing available. our overland park, ks, lasik and laser vision correction patients across the metro can get the vision care that’s best for them.






cutting-edge exam technology
unlike typical screenings for lasik and other procedures that may ignore details that are critical to your vision outcome, our aoa uses state-of-the-art technology to provide a three-dimensional visualization and analysis of the entire ocular system.






receive your personalized treatment plan
during your free consultation visit, you will meet with one of our experienced doctors who will discuss your results along with a custom recommendation for treatment. we will also provide information about our special financing program and other payment options.






live life with better vision
sees the day – experience better vision after sbk advanced lasik or our other procedures to enjoy everything life has to offer, without the hassle of contacts and glasses that interfere with the more important things.







we look forward to helping patients see better with lasik in kansas city, ks, kansas city, mo, and the entire metro area.







book your consultation







don’t just take our word for it!




“one of the best decisions i ever made. the eye surgery nursing team is knowledgeable and professional. i had been wearing glasses and contacts with nearsightedness. thanks to refractive lens exchange i can get up and explore a lot more of the world. thank you durrie vision.”



5





jeannette




“i would highly recommend durrie vision to anyone wanting to experience the best in vision care. i had cataract removal with lens replacement in both eyes performed by dr. stahl and i am totally blown away with my vision results.  my vision is bright, sharp, vivid and crystal clear!”



5





linda




“i was impressed with the amount of detailed testing they did at my initial consultation. i had a great experience the day of my lasik procedure with all of the staff. the results are amazing for such a quick procedure!”



5





melissa s




“after 25+ years of glasses and contacts, all it took was about 10 minutes of surgery to correct my vision. everyone was friendly and easy to work with throughout the process. to anyone considering getting their vision corrected, i give my highest recommendation to durrie vision.”



5





brad




“durrie vision continues to exceed my expectations! i had lens replacement surgery yesterday. less than 24 hours later i can see great and i am back at work.”



5





cassie




“just had lasik, and it was a great experience!! the office was great, my results are super, and i’m so grateful that i finally did it!”



5





becky


     








schedule a free consultation



during your free consultation visit, you will meet with an experienced refractive surgeon who will discuss your results along with a custom recommendation for treatment.



book now



take the lasik eligibility assessment

are you a candidate for laser vision correction? let's find out. take our 60-second online test to see what procedure might be the best option for your vision and lifestyle.

start test



 













address
8300 college blvd. suite 201 overland park, ks 66210

mon – fri: 8am – 5pm
sat, sun: closed









contact us
email: info@durrievision.com
phone: 913-491-3330
fax: 913-491-9650






p

request information



request information - footer




first name



last name



phone



email



message




contact us









followfollow






careers
patient forms
co-management
privacy policy










careers
patient forms
co-management
privacy policy



copyright © 2025



 











 













































