







loaded orygun



























we've moved! find us here!





sunday, july 15, 2007



	 
	 we've moved!
	 
    


goodbye blogger..hello community blog!loaded orygun is no longer a blogspot blog.  starting today, we've moved to loadedorygun.net.  see you there.



posted by carla at 8:18 am


 | 






saturday, july 14, 2007



	 
	 showing portland the love--times four
	 
    


it's summer, which means it's time for tourism articles about what a great place portland is. i dedicate these links to jack bogdanski:would it surprise you to know the town named north america's "best big city" (according to money magazine) is portland, oregon? luxury hotels, natural beauty, theaters and local attractions combine to create a sophisticated city that's quickly gaining the attention of the entire nation. (american chronicle)"portland bewitches travelers, rain or shine..." (cnn travel)the portland streetcar works, bring it to la! (ok, that one's for an la audience, but it's written by pdx developers homer williams and dike dame, who certainly are streetcar believers--given the profit they've realized from it.)portland is for (lesbian) lovers! (the advocate)suck it, haters!



posted by anonymous at 12:22 pm


 | 









	 
	 shafting in progress on m37 claim
	 
    


more bad news from our friends brian and laurel hines, who are helping lead their neighbors against a well-sucking development that the marion county commissioners seem hell-bent to approve:[h]ere's the worst part, the most outrageous outrage. commissioner janet carlson pointed it out at the board meeting:this issue is complicated by the measure 37 referendum [measure 49]. if this wasn't the case, different decisions might be made.thanks for telling it like it is, commissioner carlson.but you're being generous toward your colleagues when you said "maybe." it's obvious that "almost certainly" would be more accurate. obvious, because this was the big concern of brentano and milne at the meeting where the laack subdivision was approved.they were deeply concerned about whether the measure 37 applicant would be able to move ahead with the subdivision if a hydro study of the water situation was required, as the county ordinance demands.they were told that a study would extend well past the effective date of the measure 37 fix (measure 49), which would mean that only three homes could be built on this groundwater limited farmland.so brentano and milne voted to allow 42 more wells in our neighborhood, even though independent water experts hired by the county said this would put surrounding wells and springs at high risk. they cared a lot about the measure 37 applicant. they didn't care at all about the rights of hundreds of people already living here.that's an outrage.  politics over science--hmmm...where have i heard that before? i just can't recall. we agree with brian that the laack claim is a prime example for the m49 fix supporters to highlight.labels: land-use, measure 37, measure 49, salem



posted by anonymous at 12:14 pm


 | 









	 
	 osc to lds: how rich are you, anyway?
	 
    


this may be one of the more ingenious ways to induce a settlement in recent memory:the oregon supreme court rejected an effort by the lds church to withhold financial information from the lawyers for a man who claims a home teacher frequently molested him about 20 years ago.despite the legal defeat, the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints did not immediately release the detailed financial information about its net worth, the oregonian newspaper reported.kelly clark, an attorney for the oregon man suing the church, said it would be good for a jury to have the information before considering his request for $45 million in punitive damages. a trial is scheduled for aug. 6."a jury needs to know the entire financial context to know whether a punitive award is too much or sufficient or not enough," clark said.the lds church sought emergency relief from a trial court order to turn over the financial information, but the oregon supreme court late monday rejected the appeal. the pretrial decision was reached on narrow pretrial grounds and doesn't mean the court would not ultimately side with the church's position that the constitution protects its right to keep financial information private. that last part's important; it may never come to the point where the church is forced to open their books.but what it does is put enormous pressure on them to settle, as they did in 2001 for another oregon man who claimed he was abused by an lds sunday school teacher--an eerily similar case as the current one being handled for the plaintiff by attorney kelly clark. not only is clark now holding the cards on whether the church caves in on another sex abuse case, he has already named his price to call: $45 million. church officials may not believe avoiding a trial and negative publicity in this case is by itself worth that kind of jing, but the ramifications of revealing global asset holdings may well be worth the retreat:mormonism is unique in the way it collects tithes and offerings from local church units into a common pool at its salt lake city headquarters, then disperses the money to areas as needed. an all-volunteer clergy governs the church, but chapels and temples, missionary allowances and educator salaries are paid out of general church funds.   because lds assets are listed together, rather than by region, financial disclosure of any part of the assets would reveal all the church's holdings. to mormon leaders, that's an unfair expectation.   "i'm not aware of any group or denomination that would funnel all money into the central repository. that would be totally unheard of in protestantism," busby said. "most denominations require that local churches pay a percentage or per capita amount to headquarters, but usually only 10 or 15 percent used to fund headquarters operations."   even the catholic church, which has a centralized leadership at the vatican, is financed at the diocesan level. that's why several u.s. dioceses have filed for bankruptcy after being hit with millions of dollars in abuse awards, but no one asked to see all the vatican's records.  the rest of that article also has a good treatment on why the church stopped revealing their finances in the mid 20th century. so, it's not just what the mormons in oregon have that would necessarily be revealed, it would be their holdings worldwide.  as i said, i think clark has really done a smooth job of putting the lds behind the 8-ball on this one.and is that a surprise, really? if you don't recognize the name, he's most recently famous for helping orchestrate the enshrinement of discrimination into the oregon constitution regarding same-sex marriage--but he's about as hard to pigeonhole as they come. a sex offending former alcoholic who ruined a promising career in salem as the rep from my district 38, (having originally ousted current lake oswego mayor judie hammerstad) he's certainly bounced back and enjoys taking on big interests like governments and churches. he's handed it to the catholics a number of times, so he doesn't play favorites when it comes to denomination. whatever else he is he's canny, and whether or not the lds has to show what they know, clark is likely to see a tasty payday--and a win for his client. and if the allegations are true, $45 million is easy apology money for the lds, so they get no sympathy.by the way, this isn't the first time the osc has pissed off the mormons. two years ago they ruled that the city of west linn had the right to prevent them from building a church in a residential area. no christmas cards for the justices this year, either!labels: judie hammerstad, kelly clark, lake oswego, lds, oregon supreme court, sex abuse



posted by anonymous at 12:05 pm


 | 






friday, july 13, 2007



	 
	 michele malkin and lars larson get their panties in a twist over pdx airport art
	 
    


it's been awhile since i've flown out of pdx airport, but it appears at least one piece of art out there has michelle malkin and lars larson all bunched up.malkin trots out her usual bloviating bitchiness about how public art shouldn't be offensive to anyone:christian-bashing? check.anti-gun message? check.anti-war zealotry? check.anti-capitalism symbolism? check.american flag mockery? check.you'll understand if i have little sympathy for ms. malkin's goofball opinion, as entitled to it as she is.we've spent the last seven years with an administration that has made a mockery of christianity while shooting thousands of innocent civilians overseas in their ridiculous, trumped-up war while wrapping themselves in the flag. and malkin scratches her brain cells wondering why public art is reflecting this?malkin's attention was brought to the matter by former oregonian and winger gadfly lars larson, whose issues of compensation are only eclipsed by the mouth he puts that cigar in.it fascinates me how the murder of innocent civilians doesn't cause these people to bat an eyelash. but art that reflects a large swath of the public consciousness is fodder for outrage.jeez.tj's update, 7/14 12:30pm--malkin has updated her blog with the bad (good) news: port of portland officials aren't taking it down.  so sad, too bad. the taliban doesn't live here, honey.



posted by carla at 4:43 pm


 | 









	 
	 novick makes the rounds
	 
    


for those of you who like tracking camp novick as they traipse about oregon, here's tonight's agenda courtesy of the campaign:i'll be in corvallis this eve for a house party hosted by former state senator and democratic leader cliff trow, then in astoria sunday for a democratic ice cream social.mmmmm.....ice cream....steve also clued us in on some upcoming media:listen closely to npr next week - they're doing a profile of gordon smith, and colin fogarty interviewed me yesterday; hopefully they'll use some of it, and we'll get some national exposure.npr is doing a profile of gordon smith?  will they be the first mainstream media outlet to do the reporting of smith incahoots with the white house in circumventing the law in the klamath basin?  will we get actual--real--news and not just some fluff piece about frozen fries and prell hair?(fingers crossed)tj's update, 11pm--thought it might be useful to include this reg-guard profile of novick out on the hustings in his hometown of cottage grove.  "it really is a grassroots, populous campaign at this point," said jake weigler, novick's campaign manager. "at this point it's really about connecting with voters - not only getting to know them, but allowing them to actually engage him."novick said he's been encouraged by the response he's received so far, both from media coverage and oregon voters. the portland resident plans to continue traveling across the state in the coming months, speaking at intimate gatherings and events as he did thursday, when about 20 people turned out.while he's started small in the early stages of his campaign, he said his basic strategy of "just telling the truth" and connecting with voters will continue through the primary in may 2008. 



posted by carla at 4:33 pm


 | 









	 
	 hunt retains dem house leader job
	 
    


word came in late last night that house majority leader dave hunt ran an uncontested election to keep his job.hunt helped lead what is considered by many to be one of the most productive state legislative sessions in years.tj and i have been planning to do a write-up about the session but have been bogged down in other things.  hopefully we'll get to it next week.in the meantime, congrats rep. hunt.



posted by carla at 8:31 am


 | 






thursday, july 12, 2007



	 
	 coming sunday: loadedorygun.net
	 
    


it's been months of teasing. before the elections we said "after the elections." after the elections we said "after the holidays." after the holidays we actually tried a switch to a new platform, but ultimately failed to achieve anything but shutting down a couple of host servers.  and then we waited, mostly to see if we'd come up lucky on another round of blogpac grant funding for state-based community blogs. and sure enough, we have. and so starting with sunday's spanning the state, we will have a new home, a new design, and a new format. where do you go now?loadedorygun.netand what is a community blog, anyway? the best two examples are probably dailykos and mydd, two of the largest political blogs in the world. the idea is that users can create their own account and very nearly become just as much a part of the site as the owner-authors. sure, the drivel on the main column will continue for us, but down the sidebar other regular oregonians and interested parties will (we hope) start their own blog posts, known as diaries, with topic and content of their choosing.blogpac is funding people like us in different states with a specific eye towards fostering these kinds of sites, which become hubs for activism and a place to check in and exchange with other like-minded folk. it's also--when it is well populated and active--a pretty major change in role for the owners. not only does it create a built-in group of sycophants and detractors to hash over every one of your posts, but should whatever they say in their diaries make the news for its offensiveness or controversy, the world will look to you to explain what's happening on your blog. never mind that you were asleep at the time, watching keith olbermann, or perhaps refreshing the mrs. it's your site, what are you going to do about it?well, we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. it's been fun, blogger--but it hasn't been real fun. so far, the new soapblox interface seems much easier to work with; we'll be counting on you to tell us what does or doesn't work as we move forward. but we're warning you right now, we dig the new logo and banner, so if you hate it you may just have to lump it.we hope you'll come join us starting sunday at loadedorygun.net. we'll be leaving this site up for reference purposes, and holding onto a backup of the archives. but come sunday, the lights will go dim at loadedorygun.blogspot.com--something sure to put a gleam in the eye of the radio hosts who had to trip over that name. loadedoyrgun.net--much easier. (lo.com would be easier still, but someone is currently squatting on that address. we're on it.)we'll see you there!labels: admin



posted by anonymous at 11:15 am


 | 









	 
	 this is what i get for relying on the o. dammit.
	 
    


yesterday's musings about the upcoming candidate list for the secretary of state race may have been flawed. my babble was based on oregonian prognostications.(i know. i should know better.)word from our tip email box (loadedorygun at gmail dot com) brings news that jason atkinson may in fact not be the sos candidate for the gop after all.according to sources, senator bruce starr (r-hillsboro) is in the republican on-deck circle--preparing to announce a run for secretary of state.  starr's district continues to trend blue--so i'm wondering if he's giving up the seat before the constituency sends him packing.the scuttle on atkinson is pretty rumor-ish.  word is that he has a young family to support and isn't exactly rolling in cash.  atkinson will run for reelection to the legislature and bide his time until 2010. at that point he'll decide whether to run for governor or congress. the rumor is that atkinson will run for whichever office greg walden decides not to go for.



posted by carla at 9:32 am


 | 






wednesday, july 11, 2007



	 
	 ducks un-lose 2005 holiday bowl!
	 
    


they don't technically get a win, but the team the oregon ducks lost to at the 2005 holiday bowl can no longer claim they got a win, either:the penalties, announced today by the ncaa, stem from a case involving two players, including the sooners' starting quarterback, who were kicked off the team for being paid for work they had not performed at a norman car dealership.the sooners went 8-4 and beat oregon in the holiday bowl to end the 2005 season. records from that season involving quarterback rhett bomar and offensive lineman j.d. quinn must be vacated, the ncaa said, and coach bob stoops' career record will be amended to reflect the penalties, dropping it from 86-19 in eight seasons to 78-19. hmmm...maybe that crazy loss to the ducks last season, likely costing the sooners a bcs bowl berth, was a little bit of pre-karma before the ncaa got involved. oklahoma vs oregon--gotta cheat to win!labels: 2005 holiday bowl, ducks, football



posted by anonymous at 1:43 pm


 | 









	 
	 oregonians for relationship equality, straight up
	 
    


if promoting civil equality for gay couples is simply part of a (hidden?) "gay agenda," it would stand to reason that since heterosexuals have nothing to gain from the agenda, few of them would bother to rally for a cause that doesn't affect them, right?of course, that's not the case--lots of people who are straight nonetheless take up the banner for full relational equality, both in this country and specifically in oregon. carla and i are both "breeders," but we've always supported same-sex marriage, and at a bare minimum equal partnership rights. there are a lot of us, more than you may think--all believing that if some of us are still held back, then the fight for liberty is not over. fifty oregonians, from all parts of the state, have joined to help basic rights oregon educate folks on why relational equality matters to all of us, and to form a bulwark against any referendum repeal of civil unions:we know that families come in all varieties and it is our strong belief that all oregon families deserve to have the rights, responsibilities and protections necessary to keep each other safe in times of crisis.the 50 voices for equality campaign is meant to demonstrate the broad cross-section of straight oregonians who support relationship equality for oregon's committed same-sex couples and their families. these 50 oregonians also believe that discrimination of any kind is wrong and ought to be against the law.from the faith and business communities, to farmers and grandparents--freedom from discrimination for gay and lesbian oregonians is a belief shared by a large majority of oregonians. they've also put together a pretty cool video you can watch here, to get you to meet some of those 50 voices and hear their stories.labels: 2008 elections, 50 voices for equality, basic rights oregon, civil unions, gay rights



posted by anonymous at 1:30 pm


 | 









	 
	 walker and brown announce for sos. is atkinson next?
	 
    


the june 29th announcement of vicki walker's foray into the secretary of state's race as reported by harry esteve of the o prophetically batted kate brown's name around as a possible candidate for the job:others rumored to be considering a bid for secretary of state include senate majority leader kate brown, d-portland, and sen. jason atkinson, r-central point. just over a week later, brown made her announcement that she was getting in. to complete the trifecta, the aforementioned jason atkinson will need to wade in as well.hmmm...vicki walker, kate brown and jason atkinson."..one of these things is not like the other..."can you guess which? and can you also guess which part of this has the greatest potential for serious political entertainment value?



posted by carla at 12:13 pm


 | 






tuesday, july 10, 2007



	 
	 gordo's fish-fucking ways, in legislative detail
	 
    


yesterday, we disinterred a tv ad gordon smith would probably prefer you'd forgotten about, featuring klamath basin farmers praising smith for dealing with the bureaucrats and getting their water turned back on. given the stink that's settling over the decision process to overrule the endangered species act, smith should want no part of a record where he eagerly took credit for getting the water going again, after having appealed directly to president bush and karl rove for help. alas, he hasn't had to answer many questions about that record...yet.the supporters in the smith ad praise him for not taking no for an answer, and certainly when not practicing his apparent evening job as a species hydrologist, smith spent many days in congress during the 107 congress coming up with any number of ways to denude or subvert the intention of the endangered species act, the mission of which is simply to prevent species from becoming extinct. we have not given this compendium of smith bill activity during 2001 and 2002  the absolute fine-toothed comb treatment, but then again we haven't had to, in order to find any number of ham-handed ways he tried to lean the process in favor of the farmers and not existing law or the latest science.for instance--remember i told you about the codicile smith had placed in a bill in 2001, attempting to automatically elevate peer-reviewed data over that which was not? it sounds innocuous, but that was precisely the premise used by the national academy of sciences panel to refuse consideration of the "hardy phase ii" flow study the original water decisions were based on. because the study was considered a "draft," the nas panel ruled in january 2002 that they could not accept it as the best available science.  and on february 5, smith tried to codify that very premise into not just a clause on another bill, but into its own law. (and before i leave the subject of that prior codicile, the rest of the bill also sought to bypass a mandatory secretary of interior review when planned actions potentially threatened critical habitat. nice.)smith led the charge in compensating farmers and water distributors who lost money during the shortage, and most of the state delegation surely felt obligated to join him. colleague ron wyden cosigned onto a bill to reimburse the water assessment fees and lost revenue to water providers who'd experienced shutoffs in the spring of 2001. however, even though the water was soon turned back on, everybody was also credited back for the whole year, to the tune of $5 million.my favorite manipulation of the us code to get money to klamath farmers was in august 2001. smith proposed to include under natural disaster relief status "any application of the endangered species act that, in the determination of the president, causes economic hardship of sufficient severity and magnitude to warrant major disaster assistance under this act.'" as in, say, giving water to fish under esa instead of farmers. floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, and failed potato crops from rerouting the water--you know, natural disasters.just in general, smith seemed to have it in for the fish. apparently he didn't want indian tribes messing things up for the farmers either; he proposed that if the secretary of interior designated a migrating fishway that utilities then had to account for, he or she then had to listen to proposed alternatives to the fishway, despite having already reached the conclusion to have the fishway in order to protect the habitat. he doesn't even want them spawning, dammit!heck, even as far back as 1998, smith (and his house counterpart at the time bob smith) were threatening the government that they couldn't accept the idea that fish might get water when farmers don't:"the interior department's latest water use plan is not the answer. we should keep working with the federal government to find a balance that recognizes the economic needs of southern oregonians. this plan just doesn't get us there. it threatens our collaborative efforts and the klamath basin's agricultural community," chairman smith said."the klamath basin community has made significant inroads toward resolving difficult water rights problems in the region. a heavy hand from the federal government will only frustrate this progress. water use in southern oregon is too important to settle for what is at best a divisive issue," senator smith said.but the king-daddy of them all, his 9th symphony of legislative effort, was amendment 899 to the house interior appropriations bill of 2001. his speech on the floor dramatizes just where he's coming from when the contest is fish vs farmers, science vs emotion. his proposal? ignore the decision and court rulings; go back to the way it was 10 years ago, when the fish didn't get first crack at the water, the farmers did. that's it--just turn back the clock and pretend no rulings or evaluative science had ever occurred. the amendment failed, but just barely, 52-48. ballsy as it is, it may have been the most legislatively rational thing he tried. he recognized the esa rulings as anathema to his goals, so he proposed simply repealing it.  honest, maybe, but we can still hold him accountable.some extended snippets from the congressional record as smith introduced his amendment to turn back time to a simpler era, when we didn't give a shit if the fish lived or died, as long as people could grow potatoes (bless you thomas.gov):i am the first senator to be elected from oregon who comes from its rural parts--eastern oregon--in 70 years. i represent all of my state, but i have a special passion to represent those rural parts that i have watched be devastated for too long by federal action. i believe the endangered species act is a noble act with noble purposes, but i believe it is being used by some to very ignoble ends.my actions today are not to subvert the endangered species act. this is not reform. this is an act asking that its terms be implemented in a way that will relieve genuine human suffering in a way that may prevent the violence that has already been visited upon federal property in a contest between farmers and the bureau of reclamation for the essential ingredient to life in the west, and that is water.what has happened to the community of klamath falls, by conservative estimates, will cost that county $200 million. i thank the senator from west virginia, the chairman of the appropriations committee, and others, who helped me to get $20 million of relief to these people. obviously, it is 10 percent of what is needed, even by conservative estimates.......... but now what we are doing is we are raising this lake 3 feet--it is a very big lake, very shallow, but it is being raised 3 feet--and cutting off all the water to farmers and fowl. it is being done to save the suckerfish, and now, while it is being saved, it is warming up. so the coho salmon that will soon be returning expecting to receive the cool waters of the klamath will receive waters the temperature of a swimming pool. so, potentially, even the coho salmon--which is also a listed species--could be adversely affected by this biological opinion.well, there are two agencies of the federal government that are competing. one biological opinion is fish and wildlife with regard to the suckerfish. the other is the biological opinion of the national marine fisheries service and the commerce department that affects the coho salmon.both biological opinions essentially ask for 100 percent of the water which means cutting off 100 percent of the people.the point i want to make is that would not be necessary if the federal government over the last 8 years would have kept its part of the bargain and done what it could to mitigate the impact to the sucker so that farmers would not be victimized.what i do is simply reinstate the previous biological opinions that were in effect before this spring until the federal government can complete action on numerous recommendations of its 1993 recovery plan. again, they were not acted upon over the last 8 years. why? they say budgetary reasons.i want this to be a priority. i want the budget to fix this problem. i do not want the whole budget burden thrown on the backs of rural people, but that is what was decided to be done........ this is the land, the valley. i do not know whether my colleagues can see it, but this couple is overlooking the klamath basin--farms being developed, hay being raised, corn being raised, potatoes being raised that fill our shelves today. look at the hopes and dreams in the faces of these people.this is a little girl at an assembly of people at a rally a few weeks ago. her sign says: ``mommy says i can't eat, but fish can.''that is what we are driving them to, and it is not right because they are being told they are of lesser value under our law than the shortnosed sucker.this is a picture of the shortnosed sucker. it is a bottom-feeding fish. it lives in this shallow lake. it has gone through many droughts along with the farmers. it has survived, stressed, i am sure, just as humans are stressed in conditions of drought.i am not saying this fish has no value. i have never thought the suckerfish is very good looking, but it has a mother, and that mother, i am sure, loves this fish. i know the native americans in this area value this fish, and i am not suggesting in any way that we are not interested in saving this fish.i am saying the purpose of the endangered species act was not to engage in a process of rural cleansing, of throwing off their property people who had been given great promise and hope for the future. they are meeting the mailmen with foreclosure notices because the federal government decided it is going to breach its promise. labels: congress, gordon smith, klamath basin, senate



posted by anonymous at 11:00 am


 | 









	 
	 a lesson in how gordon smith can keep his senate seat
	 
    


according to portland curmudgeon jack bogdanski, the very bestest argument that can be made to oregonians for the defeat of gordon smith is to say don't vote republican:you cannot vote for gordon smith because he is a member of the republican party. over the last six and a half years, the republican party has set this country back at least 50 years. they have made a mess of everything, domestically and internationally. guys like gordon smith had their chance to run the country, and they botched it badly. so now it's time for someone else to get a chance.earth to bog: don't quit your day job for political consulting, dude.first of all, there are a huge number of oregonians that self-identify as republicans, especially once a person takes off their rose city colored glasses and pays attention. this is a statewide contest--not a portland contest. pitching voters to dump a guy just because he's a republican isn't going to work anywhere north, south, east or west of portland, in general.second, people who aren't political wonks aren't going to the general election polls as a rule to vote for a party. they're going to vote for a person.  if the main argument for dumping smith becomes "republicans suck", there's nothing to actually identify with smith, personally.  one of the most common findings in political polling is the notion that congress as a body is terrible--but folks tend to like the people that they elect to represent them.  until a campaign is able to break this general liking of smith as a senator and perhaps all-around good guy--the "republicans suck" meme has no resonance.the silliest part of bog's post is actually not his post at all...but the back-slapping in comments from the "me too!" crowd.  one would think with all that stroking they'd at least have insisted on getting dinner first.



posted by carla at 8:19 am


 | 









	 
	 seven wonders of orygun
	 
    


the recent vote on the new seven wonders of the world prompted a discussion last evening about oregon's own wonders.tying oregon's wonders to those on the world stage is problematic, mostly because the world wonders are structures. oregon isn't exactly a mecca of architectural feat (feel free to disabuse me of this notion in comments, btw). but it is interesting to me to consider what would be a "wonder of oregon". i think the list ought to include whatever oregonians say it should include--rather than restricting ourselves to man-made stuff.some of my thoughts:the painted hillsmultnomah fallskam wah chung museum, john dayrichardson's thunder egg ranchfossil beds behind wheeler high school in fossil, oregondevil's punchbowlsea lion cavesas you can see, i'm way short on buildings. i've also considered that there might be some people who could make the list--bud clark for example.i'd be grateful for some help adding to my list.  i'm thinking about taking my progeny on some trips to appreciate their state and its wonders. thoughts?



posted by carla at 8:16 am


 | 






monday, july 09, 2007



	 
	 torrid goes nationwide (briefly) on air america wed
	 
    


yay. after a couple weeks of waiting and watching to see if the slightest sniff of recognition passed the noses of the regular media, we're upping the ante a little. wednesday morning kpoj stalwart thom hartmann is going to give me a little time to remind america about cheney and rove's meddling in oregon's elections to protect the vulnerable gordon smith, how smith was deeply involved in the temporary triumph of politics over science, and how ordinary people can help keep our representatives accountable as bloggers.you can of course listen live to am 620 if you're within earshot of their portland studios, tune in to one of the affiliated stations nationwide airing thom, or stream it live from their page. i'm scheduled for shortly after 10am, after the news.this is a great opportunity to reinforce gordon smith's national profile as a vulnerable candidate, and why he should be replaced based on examples like the klamath fiasco. if cheney's role in klamath is worth an investigation, and senators like doc hastings and pete domenici can be under scrutiny for their active roles in another scandal of political end-aroundism, why isn't smith's prominent role in a plan that was ultimately declared illegal worth discussing at dinner tables in des moines?thanks to thom hartmann and his staff for giving us the opportunity to be a voice in the debate! think of the stature your words will gain with friends and neighbors when you don't have to say "i heard on a blog about gordon smith that he..." and watch their noses crinkle when you say "blog"--you can say "i heard it on talk radio" instead, and they will immediately accept it as gospel. i don't care whether you listen or not; just pretend you did when you spread the word about our little faux-moderate. enabler's too light a label for smith; klamath proves he's part of the rot.labels: air america, dick cheney, gordon smith, karl rove, klamath basin, kpoj, thom hartmann



posted by anonymous at 6:00 pm


 | 









	 
	 gordon takes credit for carrying their water
	 
    


listen to what people were saying in 2002 about gordon smith's involvement in the klamath water fiasco:some say you can't fight the federal government...they should meet gordon smith.water's our problem--and bureaucrats.he took it straight to bush.he wouldn't take no for an answer.that's gordon. he stood up for us.gordon smith carried our water. wow, for someone who wants to avoid scrutiny on this re-bubbling topic, those statements have to be a little inconvenient right now, don't they? the way these people tell it, when gordon smith found out that "bureaucrats" (read: federal biologists) wanted to give klamath river water to fish instead of farmers, he not only got involved, he went right to the head of scientific inquiry in the us--president bush! and somehow, though republicans have been famous for taking whatever answer the president gives them, this time smith wouldn't budge! he carried their water. could these people be any more obvious with what they're saying? whatever it was that got the decision turned around in washington to overrule the fish and slake the land's thirst instead, the people saying these things believe that gordon smith was instrumental in getting it done. who could have put them up to say such things?how about gordon smith? forgive the video quality, but the audio for this 2002 smith re-election ad is crystal clear...right down to the sound of the irrigation sprinkler at the very end. out of 30 precious seconds to the admen, almost five of them have that sound, and it's no mistake. there are only two things gordon smith really wanted his klamath constituency to retain from that viewing experience: the name gordon smith, and chsh-chsh-chsh-chsh-chsh. it's like he's bragging to the farmers--"i got your water turned on, don't forget me this fall." chsh chsh chsh.labels: 2002 elections, 2008 elections, gordon smith, klamath basin



posted by anonymous at 8:30 am


 | 












contributors

unknown
carla



to reach us, dial loadedorygun-at-gmail-dot-com
join the lo militia!











steve novick (or-sen)
$














view blog top tags
loaded oregon

portland commish sam adams
alas, a blog
basic rights oregon
blogtownpdx!
chuck butcher
blog for oregon
blogger radio
blue oregon
chuck currie
firedoglake
amanda fritz
furious nads
gr8ful grind
the grumpy forester
hines sight
hogblog
interesting times
land use watch
little thom's blog
media monarchy
metroblogging portland
middle earth journal
p3
oregon media insiders
pacific views
perrspectives
portland architecture
preemptive karma
privilege judo
ridenbaugh press
rogue pundit
skull-bones
snarky bend
trailheadcase
utterly boring
william bragg
zeros and ones
loaded northwest
43rd state blues
blatherwatch
evergreen politics
hominid views
horsesass
jesus' general
liberal idaho
the mountain goat report
new west boise
on the road to 2008
mccranium
orcinus
pacific northwest portal
red state rebels
washblog
loaded media
stateline.org--oregon news
oregonian
portland tribune
willamette week
portland mercury
eugene register guard
salem statesman journal
jackson county mail tribune
bend bulletin
albany democrat herald
klamath falls herald
medford mail tribune
west lane news
pendleton east oregonian
coos bay world
baker city herald
eugene weekly
la grande observer
the dalles daily chronicle
roseburg news review
the astorian
newport news times
ashland daily tidings
corvallis gazette times
ontario argus observer
mcminnville news-register
seaside signal
curry coastal pilot
port orford news
oregon public broadcasting
kpoj-air america portland
just out
loaded political
oregon democratic party
pacific green party of oregon
the bus project
our oregon
oregon follow the money (miprap)
oregon house democratic caucus
benton county democrats
clackamas county democrats
columbia county democrats
crook county democrats
curry county democrats
deschutes county democrats
douglas county democrats
jackson county democrats
josephine county democrats
lane county democrats
lincoln county democrats
marion county democrats
multnomah county democrats
polk county democrats
umatilla county democrats
wasco county democrats
washington county democrats
yamhill county democrats
1st congressional district democrats
2nd congressional district democrats



previous posts

we've moved!
showing portland the love--times four
shafting in progress on m37 claim
osc to lds: how rich are you, anyway?
michele malkin and lars larson get their panties i...
novick makes the rounds
hunt retains dem house leader job
coming sunday: loadedorygun.net
this is what i get for relying on the o. dammit.
ducks un-lose 2005 holiday bowl!

archives

january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007










subscribe toposts [atom]





















