







spokane dermatology clinic | spokane’s trusted dermatology experts







































































































              about us
            

our services


            our providers
          

            appointments
          

            payment
          

            contact
          



        español
      





back


              medical dermatology
            

              cosmetic dermatology
            

              clinical research
            







































































about us
our services

medical dermatology
cosmetic dermatology
clinical research

our providersappointmentspaymentcontact







spokane's trusted dermatology experts for 25+ years.




español









scroll






 

spokane's trusted dermatology experts for nearly 30 years!




    appointment info
  

 







 

dermatologyexperts

 

spokane dermatology clinic has been setting the national standard for dermatological care in this region for quite some time. under the leadership of dr. werschler, a world-renowned expert in both medical and cosmetic dermatology, we have assembled one of the finest teams in the world to provide you with the highest level of care available.view our services »

 


















































world-class staffdr. werschler is an internationally recognized expert in both medical and cosmetic dermatology/aesthetic surgery.  our physicians and health care providers have extensive backgrounds and expertise in dermatology to provide you with the highest level of care available.meet our providers »

 

accredited to dispense medications














    learn more
  






 







 


“how many people can say everyone in my family, and friends who need these services, goes to spokane dermatology. i can! no recommendation is needed when they see the results of the removal of a long ignored and serious skin cancer removal. beautiful work and no one knows it.”

— satisfied patient

 




 







 

cosmeticprocedures



spokane dermatology clinic also offers the newest and most progressive products, procedures, lasers, and energy devices for skin care and enhancement through our medical spa, werschler aesthetics. many of the treatments can be done over your lunch hour with little-to-no downtime.meet werschler aesthetics »

  











body shaping















spa service















for men










welcome



dermatology experts



spokane dermatology gallery



world-class staff



satisfied patients



testimonial



werschler aesthetics



cosmetic procedures












spokane dermatology clinic
324 south sherman street,
spokane, wa, 99202,
united states
(509) 624-1184
info@spokanederm.com


hours
mon 8am - 5pm
tue 8am - 5pm
wed 8am - 5pm
thu 8am - 5pm
fri 8am - 5pm
sat closed
sun closed

























faqprivacy policy


© 2018 spokane dermatology clinic. all rights reserved.











