





a-1 roofing | commercial roofing contractor in chicagoa1 roofing

































































navigation

home
commercial roof repair & maintenance
commercial roofing systems in chicago
commercial roofing projects in chicago
about us
why a-1 roofing
blog
contact
site map
 
















(847) 952-3600

a-1 roofing companytelephone: (847) 952-3600
login to client portal


 fcs view fcs admin 



home
a-1 extends
rooftop control
roof repairs
roofing systems

built-up roof systems
epdm roof systems
green roof systems
bitumen roof systems
white membrane roof systems
metal roof systems


roofing projects

apartments
condos
government
high rise
hospitals
hotels
maintenance
office buildings
park district
religious
retail
schools
water proofing


blog
contact
 
























 





installed right.
maintained to last.
		










keep track of your roofing investment with rooftop control.
		

learn about our roof maintenance software








lengthen the life ofyour roofing investment
with a-1 extends. 
		

learn more about our roof repair program



 

 
 

 











learn 6 signs your roof needs repairs!





get our free checklist now

 
 
 

 










from design and repair to our technology and maintenance program, a-1 roofing company sets the standard for high-quality roofing solutions.
serving chicagoland since 1910 



    our chicago roofing and sheet metal company serves a broad range of businesses and public entities throughout the chicagoland area, meeting the needs of architects, general contractors, building owners, developers and management companies.

we offer a full range of roofing services. we can start by helping you design the roof that is right for your project by taking a range of factors into account — such as long-term maintenance costs, building uses, environmental impact and installation ease.

to help you keep your roof in good order, we use helpful software to make maintenance easier. we also provide a cost-saving, long-term maintenance program to help you extend the life of your roof.

unlike some chicago roofing contractors, we do not just install and promote one type of roofing. our chicago roofing contractors are approved applicators of most major roofing systems, including carlisle, johns manville, gaf, firestone, soprema, henry, performance roof systems, sika sarnafil and others.

a-1 roofing co., has been family-owned since its inception in 1910. three generations later, we continue to provide the same quality product, professional workmanship and personal attention that our grandfather valued.

  
 

 













 
 






a-1 extends - roof repair and maintenance serviceswe are dedicated to stopping small problems before they become larger ones- helping to maximize the life of the existing roof system.  when we visit a commercial, industrial, or multi-family building for a scheduled inspection we look for a broad range of potential problems: 
 












open pipe flashing
 
 











rooftop debris
 
 











open field seams
 
 











open wall flashing
sealant
 
 











plugged roof drain
 
 







commercial roofing maintenance programs are designed to help you get the maximum life out of an existing roof system. maintenance is so critical to the upkeep of a roof system that many manufacturers require maintenance two times a year by a certified roofing contractor, in order to keep warranties valid.
at a-1 roofing company, we help commercial, industrial and multi- family property owners throughout the chicago metro area maintain and repair their roofing systems. our maintenance program is designed to meet the standards required by many roofing manufacturers to maintain warranties on their roof systems. 
 

 










why a-1 roofing? 



at a-1 roofing co., we take a professional approach to the installation, maintenance and repair of commercial, multi-family and industrial roofing systems. our services are marked by quality workmanship and personal attention to detail. 






 
 






professionalism 




we offer warranties up to 30 years.
we are licensed, bonded and insured.
we have better business bureau accreditation.
we are involved in professional organizations, including the chicago roofing contractors association (crca) and the national roofing contractors association (nrca).
our safety equipment, employee training and safety incentive programs keep our people safe and insurance costs under control - savings that we pass on to you.
 
 

 










our portfolio of work
we deliver quality workmanship that meets our customers’ commercial and industrial roofing needs. since 1910, we have served a broad range of businesses and public entities throughout the greater chicago metro area: 
 












apartments
 
 











condos
 
 











government
 
 











green roofs
 
 











high rise
 
 












hospitals
 
 











hotels
 
 











maintenance
 
 











office buildings
 
 











park district
 
 












religious
 
 











retail
 
 











school
 
 











waterproofing
 
 








view all

 
 

 










testimonials 
 










"your prompt response to our needs was very helpful in solving some difficult details."-vick parikh pepper construction 

"we know that whenever we run into the extremely difficult project that will require extreme coordination, intense pre-planning and a true partnering effort in getting the project done, we can count on a-1."-eric williams, ragnar benson construction 

"a-1 consistently adds value to my projets before, during, and even after the buildings have been completed... your staff continues to exceed my expectations--from your receptionist to your vice-president, and everyone in-between."-joel sattler, madison construction 

"from start to finish, your attention to detail and professionalism was greatly appreciated."-mike thomassen, george sollitt construction company 



 
 

 










we use the latest safety equipment, staff training and employee incentive programs to make sure your roofing job gets done right the first time. the result is safer work environments and lower insurance costs — savings which we pass on to our customers. 




about us »

 



 
 

 















 
 











 
 











 
 











 
 











 
 

 













about us a-1 roofing co.
1425 chase avenue
elk grove village, il 60007
telephone: (847) 952-3600
facsmille: (847) 952-3606

 



quick navigationhome
our commercial roof repair program
our commercial roof maintenance software
commercial roofing systems in chicago
about us
why a-1 roofing
 



copyright privacy policy
site map
© 2015 by a-1 roofing company. all rights reserved. illinois license number 104-000096


 














