







improve your social skills to maximize self confidence











































































 







menu
skip to content
home
about dr. signe
coaching
books
blog
questionnaire
contact












home


are social limitations interfering with
your achieving your goals?
kiss those limitations good-bye!
imagine what a relief it would be to


remove the limiting thoughts and beliefs that hold you back


deep-six your concerns about other people’s expectations and evaluation of you


enhance your interpersonal communication to express yourself in any situation

bolster your confidence to reinvent a more pro-active you

now you can break through to meet challenges and achieve your dreams!


all it takes is social-effectiveness coaching with dr. signe
doreen
doreen was a real estate agent who came to me because she couldn’t close the sale, even in a good housing market. she could manage to greet prospective buyers pleasantly but grew anxious when it came time for her to ask the prospect to make a decision. she suddenly became tongue-tied and stammered which made her anxiety worse. she doubted herself and began to sweat, hunker over so no one would see the wet stains under her arms, and avert her eyes so she wouldn’t make eye contact.
she felt inadequate. unassertive, she felt she didn’t have the right to ask for their business. she worried she lacked the important social communication skills to do what was necessary. her clients didn’t know how to interpret this uncomfortable behavior and backed off. and she was so concerned about herself—how she appeared to others—she couldn’t accurately read what their responses to her meant. her anxiety began to invade her social life a well where she became less easy around men she thought were interesting and wanted to get to know better.
as a result, she lost sales, commissions, and what little self-confidence she had. even though she liked real estate and knew the market, she was sure she would become a “bag lady.” like some 90% of people in sales, she suffered from “sales reluctance,” a form of anxiety associated with low self-confidence. her reluctance was toxic, significantly interfering with her ability to perform in business and increasingly interfering with her being asked for dates.
so what did she do? she hired dr. signe as her social-effectiveness coach.
in four months she discovered not only that she sabotaged herself but also why—her father had told her it was un-lady-like to demonstrate her confidence in herself and assert herself. her self-awareness led to her crystal vision that she could confidently interact with others in all situations. with that foundation she learned how to do so and to feel positive about herself, her abilities, and successes. as a result, she broke through and reinvented herself! she gained strength in presenting information, handling questions, connecting emotionally with her clients, and other strangers, and making prospects into friends and buyers who would gratefully sign on her properties. because of her new awareness and confidence opportunities opened themselves for her. she begin to rake in the thousands in commissions she never thought she’d see and she began to really enjoy her work.
as a result of her coaching, doreen discovered:
1. she had become mindful, confident, motivated, assertive, and effective: empowered!
2. she succeeded in talking with clients to achieve their goals and hers.
3. as she continued to achieve what she wanted, she became even more confident in her communication and persuasion abilities, and herself.
4. she discovered how to be socially effective in any situation to make her life more purposeful, positive, and satisfying.
what did dr. signe’s social-effectiveness coaching help her do?
1. be limitation-free and more confident presenting and expressing herself to clients and men.
2. focus on her own positive goals and how she wanted to achieve them, not what others might want her to do instead.
3. listen to her clients for their perspectives instead of worrying about managing her fears.
4. more effectively engage and match her clients with their needs and desires.
5. spot opportunities, feel free to act on them, and feel good about her successes.
6. stay positive, energized, and prepared to meet each new social challenge in her relationships and work.
like doreen, you can get the results you want.

you can overcome your unconscious resistance to achieving social success
you can replace self-sabotaging, limiting thoughts, beliefs, and self-doubt with unlimited positive thoughts and beliefs and action!
you can eliminate social fear to skyrocket your optimism and confidence to meet any challenge
you can optimize your interpersonal skills to connect with and get positive responses from clients, managers, and dates
you can build on your core strengths to alleviate your speaking, presentation, and self-promotion reluctance in any social and work situations
you can stay inspired and motivated to forge profitable and productive habits, relationships, and well-being
you can dare to achieve what you truly desire and feel good about yourself in all you do!

imagine … how satisfied you will feel achieving and living your dreams!
social-effectiveness coaching with dr. signe:
ask yourself: “are you sick and tired of … 

feeling stuck and pessimistic about how you can make your life happier because of your social fears and doubts?
letting business, personal relationships, and opportunities slip through your fingers because of fear-based unconscious resistances to letting others know what you want and need?

if any of these is true for you, check out coaching.
e-mail consulting with dr. signe:
imagine how helpful it would be for you to have …

an expert to answer all your social limitation, confidence, social effectiveness, reinvention insights, and goal achievement questions
an experienced advisor to help you brainstorm workplace or relationship social obstacles in order to achieve satisfying goals

if you could benefit from having dr. signe as your mentor, check out e-mail problem-solving consulting at coaching.
home study e-courses:
 “how to speak without fear small talk” – helping you to become more socially confident, comfortable, and effective in your personal and work communications (196-page, 10-module, guided, systematic course on kindle)
“how to reduce your anxiety through nutrition” – 27-page kindle transcript of dr. signe’s interview of nationally-known clinical nutritionist dr. elizabeth lipski, phd, ccn.
“promote myself?  i’d rather eat worms! – 21 simple steps to confidently tooting your own horn to achieve your career and life goals”  (188-page guided, systematic course on kindle)
“scared of your boss? smash through your fear now! master e-course” – course provides exercises, assignments, descriptions, examples, techniques, strategies, and tips, and ways to deep-six your fear and confidently interact with your boss or other high-status persons. it helps you understand what’s expected in interaction with your boss and track your progress. (on kindle.)
“what no one has told you: how insiders really get jobs” – 182 pages includes:
– what are you really looking for in a job?
– why do i have to research the job market?
– create your résumé but don’t send it out?
– you’ve gotten the interview: now what?!
– you want to test my “what?”
– you’ve gotten the job offer, what next? 
recovery from emotional abuse:
if you have ever felt “unacceptable” … because of bullying, you’ll love how dr. signe discovers her hidden negative beliefs resulting from her father emotionally abandoning her at age seven.
this is an entertaining autobiographical roller-coaster novel of the self-empowerment and compassionate recovery of dr. signe. it demonstrates how she used katharine hepburn as her role model to ultimately achieve her own acceptability and success.
“growing up ‘unacceptable’ – how katharine hepburn rescued me”
problems with dating: 
if you have ever attracted or dated the “wrong men” … maybe they were clingy, manipulative, disrespectful, angry, insecure, or worse. you know how frustrating, irritating, and sometimes scary it can be. this is especially true if you have ever felt less assertive and socially ineffective in those situations than you’d have liked. dr. signe’s new autobiographical book follows her 15-year journey with that problem through a series of personal stories of some of her outrageous, humorous, frustrating, and even dangerous interactions with the “wrong men.” it’s a funny, frightening, and enlightening rollercoaster ride.
 “attracting and dating the wrong men? tips and insights to free yourself”
social anxiety resources:
social anxiety – social-effectiveness questionnaire – questionnaire gives you more awareness of the limiting behaviors, thoughts, feelings, and resistances behind your social fear that you need to address and eliminate in social situations in order to gain the confidence that you can be comfortable and in control in any speaking or social situation.
do you have challenges in your work or personal relationships?
dr. signe can help you  break through to overcome them!
 overcoming social anxiety on your own: for those of you who want to work on alleviating anxiety in social situations and creating confidence, interpersonal skills, and social effectiveness on your own, you can benefit significantly from dr. signe’s latest social anxiety book revision. ( first edition: a “4.8-star amazon rating,” as one of the top ten best-selling anxiety books, with 170+ reader reviews!!) endorsed by some of the leading and most respected clinical social anxiety researchers and therapists. diagonally-parked in a parallel universe: working through social anxiety 2nd ed.
§ § §
with the experience and expertise of dr. signe you can

gain insights and skills to remove everyday social limitations from your life
replace anxiety and negativity with confidence in all you do
express yourself to present and promote yourself with the positive image you want others to see and respond to
successfully overcome any personal or work/career problems
achieve your social and relationship goals, work dreams, and self-fulfillment.

as christopher robin said to winnie the pooh: “promise me you’ll always remember: you’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.” – a.a. milne
“whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember everything you have faced,  all the battles you have won, and all the fears you have overcome.” – unknown
“whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.” -goethe
§ § §
deep-six your fear
boost your confidence
kiss your social limitations good-bye
break through to reinvent yourself
capture your dreams!
§ § §
dr. signe a. dayhoff, phd, social-effectiveness coach
effectiveness-plus
80 paseo de san antonio
placitas, nm 87043
mailto:drdayhoff@effectiveness-plus.com
 
 










testimonials

"signe started by enabling me to get over irrational fear and negative self-talk, then she helped me develop a program to gradually progress from going to small, non-threatening social venues to increasingly more challenging ones. today i'm dating frequently, and am rarely troubled by fear or anxiety before a date. 
"i've made more progress in the short time i've worked with her on people skills than i did in all the years i tried to handle this on my own."– kenneth petersen
“dr. dayhoff has done a remarkable job researching the current literature on social anxiety and its disorder. the text is well written and comprehensive. i enjoyed the use of humor."- stefan g. hofmann, ph.d., director, social phobia program, boston university 
"i very much like what dr. dayhoff's done!"- richard g. heimberg, ph.d., adult anxiety clinic, social phobia program, department of psychology, temple university, author of social phobia and managing social anxiety client workbook
“dr. dayhoff has done an excellent job … and [her] book will be valuable to both therapists and self-help readers. i definitely recommend it.”-albert ellis, ph.d.,founder and director, albert ellis institute for rational emotive behavioral therapy 
“signe dayhoff combines the best of both worlds – the knowledge and expertise of the professional and the insight and understanding of the consumer this is a winning recipe.”- ronald m. rapee, ph.d., psychology professor, macquarie university, australia, author of overcoming shyness and social phobia: a step by step guide  
read more...
 







home|about dr. signe|coaching|books|questionnaire|contact|privacy statement|disclaimer and legal rights 






copyright©  2014    dr. signe dayhoff    email:info@effectivenessplus.com
webdesign by planetlink




















