


home | u.s. jack







































buy now
ph. 1-800-535-2257

home
about

about u.s. jack
testimonials
latest news
privacy & security policy


products

standard hydraulic bottle / hand jacks
hi-range hydraulic bottle / hand jacks
short hydraulic bottle / hand jacks
long ram hydraulic jacks
hydraulic floor / service jacks
garage / jack stands
hydraulic pump, hose, & ram assemblies
port-a-power hydraulic kits
hydraulic transmission jacks
scissor jacks
transmission jack accessories
release and handle options
product spec sheets
warranty & refund policy


applications

customized / oem applications
defense and military products / nsns


service

overview
hydraulic jack general information
operating instructions & parts manuals
parts price book & repair / seal kits
service centers


contact

raise your standardsfrom automotive shops to the base you may be stationed on, u.s. jack can provide hydraulic jacks that bring military-grade strength to your lifting needs.our productsthe strong hold you needu.s. jack provides durable, dependable lifts to any business or individual who needs a way to raise vehicles, equipment, and more for extended periods of time without worry.applicationslong-lasting lift supportall of u.s. jack’s products are designed to give support that can last a lifetime. from base to ram, each jack is carefully constructed to give you only the best.contact usdiscover why manufacturers use u.s. jack company productsu.s. jack company provides a number of oems with custom-made hydraulic jacks, with an emphasis on quality, durability, and longevity. instead of your having to modify imported products to suit your needs, u.s. jack provides specialized jacks ready to install into your specific systems and applications. potential oem customers consistently inquire about products that are 100% usa made as they are fed up with import jacks with failure rates of 25-40%, right out of the box. but you can feel secure knowing you can trust our high quality craftsmanship with your lives.
approximately 60% of our business is under contract with the federal government either through our own contracts with the general services administration (gsa) or contracts being fulfilled through a number of our customers, some of which include bae system, lockheed-martin, boeing aerospace, oshkosh trucks, and snap-on tool. all production gauges are re-calibrated and re-certified on an annual basis, meaning your jack comes off the line adhering to standards that far surpass the quality control checks of import jacks.
learn more
a jack of all tradeswhile supporting our troops with 100% usa made equipment is our tradition, customers from various industries have found the dependability and longevity of our products to be an ideal fit for everything from heavy-duty trucks and farm equipment to construction vehicles and marinas. it’s about more than just american pride and craftsmanship; it’s about quality and safety. whether it be for an order of 1 or 100 of our master-crafted jacks, you will receive a jack built for constant use and engineered to stand the rigorous use of your particular application in any environment.
our productsstandard u.s. jack productslearn moredefense & military products / msn'slearn morecustomized / oem applicationslearn moresee why u.s. jack products are built to lastdesigned to withstand even the heaviest loads for extended periods of time, u.s. jack products give you the lift you can count on. our products are regularly utilized by our military, so we make sure that each jack that leaves our doors is built strong and built to last.
learn more
find a dealer near you
search

companies proudly served
productsstandard hydraulic bottle / hand jackshi-range hydraulic bottle / hand jacksshort hydraulic bottle / hand jackslong ram hydraulic jackshydraulic floor / service jacksgarage / jack standshydraulic pump, hose, & ram assembliesport-a-power hydraulic kitshydraulic transmission jacksscissor jackstransmission jack accessoriesrelease and handle optionsproduct spec sheetswarranty & refund policyapplicationscustomized / oem applicationsdefense and military products / nsnsserviceoverviewhydraulic jack general informationoperating instructions & parts manualsparts price book & repair / seal kitsservice centerstalk to a represenative 

 



























please leave this field empty.










1125 industrial court
benton harbor, mi, 49022
ph: (269) 925-7777
fax: (269) 925-6656
 

gsa mas contract #: 47qsma23d08qr
©2025 u.s. jack all rights reserved.web design by blue fire mediasitemap | login










