














		age of bronze comics homepage - the story of the trojan war
	

















				     
				
select an issue
issue 1
issue 2
issue 3
issue 4
issue 5
issue 6
issue 7
issue 8
issue 9
issue 10
issue 11
issue 12
issue 13
issue 14
issue 15
issue 16
issue 17
issue 18
issue 19
issue 20
issue 21
issue 22
issue 23
issue 24
issue 25
issue 26
issue 27
issue 28
issue 29
issue 30
issue 31
issue 32
issue 33
issue 34
special
behind scenes

























































age of bronze, 
					the continuing graphic novel series by eisner award-winning 
					cartoonist eric shanower, presents the complete story 
					of the world-famous war at troy, freshly retold for the 21st century. 
					all the drama of the ancient and thrilling tradition unfolds before your eyes, with all 
					the familiar people and events of the trojan war.
					





age of bronze is first serialized in individual digital issues of the comic book series. the story is then collected into volumes as graphic novels. the first several of seven projected parts are available now. volume one is titled a thousand ships. volume two is titled sacrifice. volume three is titled betrayal, and the first two parts of betrayal are available as betrayal part one and betrayal part two.



click here to read a 22-page high resolution excerpt from sacrifice  (age of bronze, vol. 2). this is a large pdf file viewable with adobe acrobat.

primary sources for age of bronze's version of the trojan war story begin with homer's iliad,include major and minor works from classical greece and rome, many medieval european sources, and continue through shakespeare's troilus and cressida and beyond. the art of age of bronze draws upon the archaeological excavations of the places where the story took place: 
mycenae, knossos, and pylos, among others, and especially troy itself.
					

while everything in age of bronze is based on existing sources, whether mythological or archaeological, the final product is a version for the 21st century. all the comedy, all the tragedy, all the wide canvas of human drama of the trojan war unfolds within the pages of age of bronze. come along for the ride!
					


	web interviews with eric shanower
can be found at:
anient rome refocused (audio)
comic book resources (text)
archaeology magazine extended interview (text)
world famous comics interview (text)
sequential tart interview (text)
theater of ideas (text) an interviewabout oz illustration


subscribe to the age of bronze online newsletter



join our mailing list and receive product and site updates.
click here
to send an e-mail with the subject line "subscribe."
you will receive an occasional e-mail newsletter announcing new age of bronze releases and site updates.

we do not share our address lists with anyone!
we care about your personal security!please read our privacy statement


recommended graphic novels

a list for teachers and librarians.



behold! the walls of windy ilios: a cartoonist's adventures in troy

eric shanower's photo-illustrated report on a visit to troy
part one | 
part two | 
part three | 
part four

note to age of bronze comic book subscribers:
remember to send in your new mailing address when you move! just click the contact eric shanower link at the foot of the page.
if you've failed to receive subscription issues you've expected, click here to see if you're on the list of "address unknown" subscribers.






eric shanower
winner of the 2003 will eisner comics industry award
best writer/artist







for more work by eric shanower, visit our other websites:hungry tiger press.com and eric shanower.com.















click here forcurrent newson theage of bronze blog



click here for all upcoming appearances












click covers to buy in storea thousand shipsage of bronze, book 1sacrificeage of bronze, book 2betrayal part oneage of bronze, book 3betrayal part twoage of bronze, volume 3b


what they're saying about age of bronze



wow! celebrated author ursula leguin likes age of bronze! you want proof? click here and scroll to the bottom.

"history never read so good."
			
			--entertainment weekly


"besides being beautifully drawn and intelligently, even intellectually, composed, it is archaeologically accurate--by those qualities it's better than any film i've ever seen on bronze age greece. . . ."
						-- archaeology


". . . the story also has many amazing scenes for an artist . . . and shanower makes the most of them."
                         --publishers weekly



". . . a feast for those new to homeric tradition and modern archaeology as well as those who simply love mythology. . . . shading, texture, and shanower's use of a single image across several panels give depth to the black-and-white cartoon artwork that carries the story."
                                                --booklist





						"shanower may not create the poetry of the iliad but he tells a story in a straightforward, clean manner that will keep you reading through one sitting."
						--andrew d. arnold, time.com

more...



news archives











		 
	





home | 
					issues | 
					books | 
					t-shirts | 
                                        blog | 
					pronunciations | 
					our story so far

free features | 
					store |
					privacy | 
					links |  
                                        archives

eric shanower | 
					hungry tiger press



					all materials are copyright © 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 eric shanower. all rights reserved.
                                        the age of bronze logo and all prominent characters and their likenesses are trademarks of eric shanower.
					image "i" logo is tm and copyright © 1992-2023 image comics, inc.
					no portion of this website may be used by generative artificial intelligence without written permission.
        			
                                        website designed by digital sourcery

contact webmaster

contact eric shanower



















