



 








new jersey psychotherapy | therapists & counselors in nj | ipg counseling




























































































thinking of therapy? ask for the first session free. online or in-person.











30 therapists.400+ years experience.40 years in practice.3 offices in new jersey.countless specialties.online or in person.now accepting medicare.







menumenuabout us

the ipg approachour therapistsour historyareas we servenews & eventsclient formsnewsletter archive
our services





angeranxiety treatmentbipolar disorderchild, adolescent, family therapydepressioneating disorderseducational & consulting services for organizations 


emdr therapy for trauma & ptsdgrief, bereavement, loss & life transitionsindividual therapy and counselingketamine-assisted psychotherapymarriage, relationship & couples counselingmindfulness meditation, relaxation training, & stress reductiononline therapy 


pornography addictionsex addictionsex therapystress therapysupport group for sex addiction & pornography addictiontrauma / ptsdwork & financial issues 
 

lgbtq issues

lesbian, gay, bisexual & queer communitiestransgender spectrumgender non-conforming youthbdsm, kink & fetishismpolyamory & open relationships
blogs

expanding mind: all about mental health and personal growthhot, healthy and hornyqueer mind: lgbtq and beyondin the looppieces of my heart: meditations and reflections by neil selden
publications

dr. margaret nicholsipg staff
resources

mental health & wellness websitessexuality & sexual health websiteslgbtq & other sexual minorities websiteslgbtq bibliography professional referencesmental health/relationships librarysexuality librarylesbian/gay/bisexual/queer librarytransgender resource guidetransgender librarybdsm/kink librarypolyamory library
contact us 




(800) 379-9220



we’re now accepting medicare.


30 therapists.400+ years experience.40 years in practice.3 offices in new jersey.countless specialties.online or in person.now accepting medicare.













some of our services



marriage & couples counseling




child & family therapy




depression




anxiety




sex therapy




trauma/ptsd




grief counseling




anger management




ketamine-assisted psychotherapy






the institute for personal growth
with three new jersey offices — jersey city, highland park and freehold — ipg has dozens of trained, nj-licensed psychotherapists, with over 400 combined years of experience, and a wide range of specialties and expertise. in addition to traditional therapy for common issues like depression, anxiety, grief, and couples or marriage counseling, we also offer a slew of more specialized types of therapy that most therapists do not. among these are: lgbtq+ issues, including trans/gnc youth; emdr therapy for trauma/ptsd and other issues; sex therapy for both couples and individuals; eating disorders; ketamine-assisted psychotherapy; and more.
we work with couples and individuals, children, teens, and families, and our therapists will coordinate with other healthcare professionals when appropriate. we offer flexible times throughout the week, and the sheer number of therapists and specialties at ipg means we can almost certainly find a therapist who meets your needs.
ipg has been a leading provider in new jersey of expert, compassionate psychotherapy and counseling since 1983. our highly skilled, nj-licensed therapists can help you, whether your concerns are the result of temporary life stresses or the symptoms of deeper concerns.
questions about insurance? we can work with many insurance plans, and our friendly and experienced office staff will check your insurance benefits for you and help you navigate them. if your insurance does cover us, we submit claims on your behalf and simply collect the copay from you, so you don’t have to deal with the red tape and hassle of insurance claims, or wait for reimbursement. (we’ll do all that!)
to find out more about ipg and our services, or to set up an initial appointment, call us at (800)379-9220 or fill out our contact us form and we will get back to you as soon as we can. help is on the way!
lastly, check out this tedx talk given by our founder, dr. margaret nichols, phd, on gender diversity and the gender spectrum:
 
 



announcements
june 20th, 2024
throwback thursday: ipg on tv!

it was almost exactly 2 years ago today that ipg was featured on lifetime tv show “the balancing act”, hosted by the one and only montel williams! the segment focuses on the destigmatization of mental health, the importance of reaching out for help when you need it, and ipg’s history of working with the lgbtq+ community. check out the video below:

april 17, 2024
update on ipg’s kap program
in 2022, ipg began offering ketamine-assisted psychotherapy (kap) services. it began with just our executive clinical director susan menahem, but we’ve now grown our kap program and have trained several other ipg therapists in kap treatment as well. we were also just honored by the nj chapter of the nasw when they asked susan to be a panelist at their panel on psychedelic-assisted therapies at the 2024 nasw conference. ipg is now a bona fide expert on kap, and we are currently accepting new kap patients. contact us for more information.

march 25, 2024
happy 5th anniversary to the ipg/nasw partnership
in 2019 we partnered with the nj chapter of the national association of social workers, the largest professional organization of social workers in the world. 2024 marks the 5th anniversary of that relationship. over this time ipg and nasw-nj have engaged in countless ways to share valuable information, including trainings for our staff, presentations by ipg therapists at the annual nasw conference, and networking within the local social work community. cheers to that!
february 21, 2024
social media refresh!
we’ve revamped our social media pages, with lots of great new content including brief video interviews with our staff, throwbacks, spotlights on some of our specialties, and more. check us out on facebook, instagram, twitter/x, and tiktok!
august 21st, 2023
new jersey city office
we just moved into a beautiful, roomy, sunny new space in downtown jersey city, in the newly constructed swift & co building on 9th street, right across the street from our previous jc office. the same top-notch ipg therapists, in a refreshingly new and spacious environment.

january 27th, 2023
happy 40th birthday to ipg!
founded in 1983, ipg turns 40 this year. four decades of commitment to mental health, to the residents of new jersey, to the lgbtq+ community, to personal growth. read more about our history here.


our office locations

220 9th st., suite 380
jersey city, nj 07302


1119 raritan ave.
highland park, nj 08904


90 west main street
freehold, nj 07728


(800) 379-9220

contact us















© 2025 institute for personal growth
call for an appointment (800) 379-9220
sitemap






site by fusion creative






 




























 
 
