







the eyeglass works




















































                home
              



                collections
              



                about
              



                visit us
              



                contact
              















                home
              



                collections
              



                about
              



                visit us
              



                contact
              

















theeyeglass works



 

you understand the importance of good design in your home, the construction of your clothes, and the sleek lines of your favorite car -- so why stop at your eyewear? glasses are accessories that serve as an extension of your personal style, just like your favorite pair of shoes, or that piece of jewelry that ties together any outfit.since your eyes are the first place people look when making introductions, make sure that you give a lasting impression by giving your eyewear the same consideration you do the rest of your outfit. complete your look and define your style with fashionable frames from the eyeglass works--philadelphia’s most trusted purveyor of uniquely designed, handmade eyewear.

  











a vacation from the ordinary
while we love and appreciate the classic designs, we always keep bold, fresh, colorful frames in store. whether you're looking for a modern take on the cat eye frame, roadtrip ready aviators, or head-turning oversized frames, we have all the best new styles for you.



 











smoldering summer frames
shades aren’t exclusive to the summer season. we have an incredible selection of frames from the top independent eyewear designers available in-store for your everyday or special occasion needs. 





follow us on instagram





















 















let's keep in touch
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you!








back to top
the eyeglass works, 4407 main st, philadelphia, pa, 19127, united states


powered by squarespace









