




ten thumbs typing tutor | typing tutor
























































 
















home
try now
benefits
buy now
contact
faq faq
eula
privacy policy




















ten thumbs 
							typing tutor 
							
compatible with the latest macos 
							 


learn typing 
							with a viking 
							
runs on windows 10 and 11 
							 


teach 
							your fingers 
							to dance 
							 








 







    features

mac and windows support
learn the 5 habits of effective touch typing
two fun addictive games
the only program to feature a
friendly typing viking
multiple languages and keyboards
dozens of other features








    learn to type
typing is an essential skill. for the price of one takeout pizza you could:

double your productivity at work or school
increase your employment opportunities
reduce the strain of using your computer








    award winning
ten thumbs is the award winning, easy and fun way to get typing. learn the proper way without looking at the keys. our unique personal trainer approach adapts to you, teaching the best habits from day one. ten thumbs is engaging for children and yet simple enough for adults!






 









 

                        keyboards                    
learn to type with dvorak and qwerty keyboard layouts, uk, us, as well as french, german, dutch, italian and spanish variants. onscreen keyboard means you never look down at the keys!


 

                        seven languages                    
switch your interface between english, french, german, dutch, danish, italian or spanish. learn the appropriate keyboard for your language. ten thumbs is a well travelled viking!


 

                        targets and options                    
adjust your words per minute target, decide on your spacing, choose to learn numbers and symbols as well as letters, ten thumbs comes with many user customizable options.
 















        0    



    languages











        0    



    users worldwide











        0    



     years experience 











        0    



    keyboards taught




 


heatherhome09.26.2014





 

site maphome
try now
benefits
buy now
contact
faq

faq
eula
privacy policy


 

about us ten thumbs typing tutor was created in edinburgh in 1995 and has taught hundreds of thousands of user to touch type since then. join the users of this much loved typing tutor and teach your fingers to dance. 
 

contact us 9-10 st. andrews square
edinburgh
scotland
eh2 2af
uk
tel: +44 (0)131 2525300
 







 ten thumbs typing tutor is made by livecode ltd. all rights reserved worldwide.

 











 




































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok

 

