     peabody acura dealer in peabody ma | beverly salem marblehead acura dealership massachusetts                               
 
                    
 
                 acura peabody        sales 978-740-7171    service 978-740-7172  parts 978-740-7170      233 andover street route 114peabody, ma 01960                           service        map        contact                      acura peabody           call 978-740-7171   directions                       new   new acura inventory   new acura specials   schedule test drive   2025 acura mdx    2025 acura rdx   the all new 2024 zdx type s   kbb trade-in value    build your deal     🔋 ev hub    🔋 ev hub    all-electric acura zdx inventory   2024 acura zdx for sale in the greater boston, ma area   introducing the 2024 acura zdx    build your deal      pre-owned   pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned inventory   pre-owned specials   schedule test drive   lyon-waugh auto group pre-owned   acura certified pre-owned program   kbb trade-in value   build your deal     specials & financing   new specials   manufacturer incentives   pre-owned specials   service specials   parts specials   finance application   kbb trade-in value   vehicle protection     service & parts   schedule service   service department   service specials   parts specials   acura accelerated service   service - what to expect   tire center   acura parts & accessories store   parts order form   acura detail center     about us   about us   acura peabody team   contact us   hours & directions   acura precision award winning dealer   lyon-waugh careers   our blog   privacy policy   ccpa     research   research   my acura   acura info center   acura owners site   acura loyalty advantage   acura green dealer program   acura maintenance program    what drives you with cidilia and domenic   do i have a recall?                     home   new   new acura inventory   new acura specials   schedule test drive   2025 acura mdx    2025 acura rdx   the all new 2024 zdx type s   kbb trade-in value    build your deal     🔋 ev hub    🔋 ev hub    all-electric acura zdx inventory   2024 acura zdx for sale in the greater boston, ma area   introducing the 2024 acura zdx    build your deal      pre-owned   pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned inventory   pre-owned specials   schedule test drive   lyon-waugh auto group pre-owned   acura certified pre-owned program   kbb trade-in value   build your deal     specials & financing   new specials   manufacturer incentives   pre-owned specials   service specials   parts specials   finance application   kbb trade-in value   vehicle protection     service & parts   schedule service   service department   service specials   parts specials   acura accelerated service   service - what to expect   tire center   acura parts & accessories store   parts order form   acura detail center     about us   about us   acura peabody team   contact us   hours & directions   acura precision award winning dealer   lyon-waugh careers   our blog   privacy policy   ccpa     research   research   my acura   acura info center   acura owners site   acura loyalty advantage   acura green dealer program   acura maintenance program    what drives you with cidilia and domenic   do i have a recall?            

                                                                                                                                                                                             


    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory      search used inventory             choose your vehicle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.       integra      rdx      tlx      zdx      mdx    explore all new inventory   

     




credit approval









special offers









credit approval 




special offers 



     


quality maintenance
acura peabody offers acura service and repair, so you have access to the latest specialized technology and precise analysis from acura trained technicians who undergo regular, frequent training so they're always up-to-date on every component of your vehicle.
schedule service



      













acura peabody
in peabody, ma
a proud member of the lyon-waugh auto group the north shore and greater boston's premier destination for luxury automotive excellence. we take pride in being your trusted acura dealership offering a comprehensive range of services. from new, pre-owned, and certified pre-owned vehicles acura peabody is here to provide you with a seamless buying experience whether you shop in store with the guidance of our sales professionals or at your convenience by using our online vehicle purchasing tool. 
more about us





sales hours      monday 8:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 7:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    



 wide selection of vehicles 
explore our extensive inventory showcasing the latest gas and electric acura models that blend cutting-edge technology, performance, and sophistication. if you're looking for quality pre-owned options, our collection has been curated to meet the highest standards, ensuring reliability and value.


visit us
discover the acura peabody difference. whether you're seeking a new vehicle, a certified gem, or top-tier maintenance, our team is here to exceed your expectations. we invite you to visit our dealership and experience the luxury, performance, and hospitality that define acura peabody.




                      



follow




                  





we're always ready to take care of you here at acura of peabody! the exceptional new and pre-owned vehicles as well as the premium dealership experience we provide has made us the dealership of choice for drivers in peabody, danvers, beverly, methuen, reading, and all across the greater boston, ma area.





acura of peabody: more than three decades of quality service



we have a track record of setting up local drivers for success on the road ahead that goes back for decades. the same values of honesty and integrity that guided us when we first opened for business are still in action today, so come in and let us help you with anything you need.




award-winning customer experience



we always go above and beyond for every customer who comes through our door, and we're honored to be recognized for our efforts. earning plaudits like the acura precision team award motivates us to continue improving the experience we deliver to our friends and neighbors.







top vehicles from the acura lineup

acura rdx

exciting performance and unparalleled style come together to make the acura mdx an suv like no other. the versatile interior is one feature drivers love about this vehicle, with the removable second-row center seat letting you change the cabin's layout as needed.



acura rdx

safety is a top priority for acura, and that shows in the acura rdx. an array of acurawatch driver assistance features like the blind spot information system give you added peace of mind on every drive you take.




acura zdx

a new bar has been set for evs with the release of the acura zdx. convenient charging options and an impressive range rating of up to 313 miles will redefine the way you get around.


acura tlx

choosing the acura tlx will give you something fun to look forward to every time you hit the road. the standard 272-horsepower 2.0-liter vtec turbo engine will have you on the edge of your seat with its engaging performance.






service and financing

auto care you can depend on

whether you simply need routine maintenance or your vehicle is having an issue you need one of our trained mechanics to take care of, there's no better destination than our service centers. our acura certified technicians will give you the reassurance that your vehicle is in trained, expert hands.


convenient financing on your time

we know you lead a busy life, which is why we aim to facilitate a smooth, stress-free buying experience from start to finish. using our build your tool online system allows you to consider your financing options from the comfort of your own home, letting you make a fully informed decision on the deal that suits your budget best.


           any mpg listed is based on model year epa mileage ratings. use for comparison purposes only. your actual mileage will vary, depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle, driving conditions, battery pack age/condition (hybrid only) and other factors.      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy  | do not sell my personal information  | consent preferences | acura peabody | 233 andover street route 114, peabody, ma 01960 | sales: 978-740-7171            












  




                   