














flo-joe: the place on the web for cambridge english exam preparation: pet, fce, cae, cpe, ielts





















toggle navigation




flo-joe




about


what we do

testimonials

exams


key

pet

fce

cae

cpe

ielts

teachers

subscribe

faqs

links

login

contact









welcomevocabulary, grammar, skills development and practice tests for the cambridge english exams
home




flo-joe's free resources
students: choose your exam
(ket) cambridge a2: key(pet) cambridge b1: preliminary(fce) cambridge b2: first(cae) cambridge c1: advanced(cpe) cambridge c2: proficiency (ielts) international english language testing system
cambridge exam teacherslooking for information, resources or advice for first certificate, certificate in advanced english or proficiency in english? visit our our award-winning resources for fce, cae and cpe as well as our dedicated teacher's site. 
exam success plus! series 1  units 1-12 now available!! 'exam success plus!' series 1, units 1-12 are now available! check out fce, cae  (both updated for revised exams) and cpe exam success plus! for information and sign-up instructions. 
fce exam success plus!cae exam success plus!cpe exam success plus!

writing critique and correction is your writing on track for exam success? find out how flo-joe's writing critique and correction service can help. 
fce writing critique and correctioncae writing critique and correctioncpe writing critique and correction.

latest news!find out about the latest news and available resources from flo-joe. 



fce exam success plus
login here
tell me more...


cae exam success plus
login here
tell me more...


cpe exam success plus
login here
tell me more...


your feedback
"this past saturday i took the cpe exam, after having followed your cpe exam success plus course. obviously i don't have the test results yet, but i felt very comfortable taking the test. i liked the hands-on practice tests, which prepare you for the type of questioning the exam uses. also each week gives some theoretical background and rules to refresh your memory, i kept those!
                        above all that i think your client-oriented attitude grabbed my attention. i once wrote a comment to your website and received a response within 1 day. a day prior to my exam you sent me an email wishing me luck. i think that besides the quality of your exercises the level of customer service makes your company stand out. i will most certainly recommend your on-line courses!
                        with kind regards,"  paula cromme



exam success plus!


series 
1  units 1-12 now live
exam success plus series 1, units 1-12 are now live and available for subscription 
and week-by-week practice. find out more below.fce
cae
cpe




writing correction


looking for feedback on your writing? find out more about flo-joe's "writing critique and correction" service.
fce 
cae 
cpe




faqs


when are the exams?
where can i enrol?
when do i get my results?
more answers ...




your feedback


"i always recommend flo-joe to my students!" 
michele, teacher, switzerland
"i'm very grateful to the website. it has helped me a great deal." 
teresa, student, spain









 
 | copyright 
notice | privacy 
statement | terms 
|  






 
