

veracruz overview





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close






veracruz overview



 
veracruz overview | 
veracruz photos | 
the mardi gras carnival | 
mardi gras photos | 
gay group tour
 






veracruz is a beautiful, tropical port city on the gulf coast of mexico about 5 hours east of mexico city.although veracruz is one of mexico's largest cities, it has managed to maintain its colonial charm through the preservation and restoration of its historical landmarks and classic architecture. walking in veracruz is like walking in old mexico.





the beautiful harbor that nestles downtown veracruz



founded in 1519, it is mexico's ...
... largest and oldest port and a long-time popular vacation spot for many mexicans, with beautiful, unspoiled beaches and warm gulf of mexico waters. since it has historically been the point of entry for many immigrants to the country, veracruz is blessed with a very culturally diverse ethnic mix. the european, caribbean, african, mexican and indian influences help to create one of the most interesting cities in mexico.
veracruz group tour information
the seafood, of course, is ...
... wonderful!! and veracruz residents love to party, with the gay community being no exception. there are a variety of gay bars, discos and cantinas to choose from for music, margaritas, and fun! come to veracruz for a sample of the best of mexico!

the zocalo main square in historic downtown veracruz

 click here to send email to request more information 





the veracruz pink pages is a comprehensive guide of gay nightlife, activities and recommended restaurants, with addresses, phone numbers, menus, coupons and maps -- an essential resource for planning your dream vacation to this exotic location. it is free with all bookings made with a better way travel or 5 dollars by itself. send an email request to info@abetterwaytravel.com.









