




 


southeastern museums conference - home












home




about



donate




mission and vision




governance/financials/committees




state associations




affinity groups & standing professional committees



american association of museum volunteers




association of academic museums & galleries




historic house museums afinity group




southeast regional conservation association




southeastern registrars association




committee on audience research & evaluation




committee for museum professional training




curators committee




development and membership committee




educators committee




emerging museum professionals




national association museum for museum exhibitions




public relations & marketing 




small museum administrators committee




semc technology committee




southeastern traveling exhibitions group







staff







membership / join



individual




institutional




business/ corporate




southeastern reciprocal membership program



serm participants










conference



semc2025 sponsorship information




semc 2025 exhibitor information




semc 2025 program committee




semc 2025 session proposals




2024 annual meeting sponsors




competitions




student work in museums




scholarships and awards



semc annual awards program







future conferences




past conferences







jekyll island management institute (jimi)



jimi 2025 call for instructors







virtual programs 	




news and resources



publications




handumy jean tahan internship fund




2024 events and calendar




advertising




2017 national museum salary survey




members directory - corporate




jobs & regional news forum



job listings




semc regional news







news




log in for member only resources




emergency preparedness







in-person programs



smithsonian institution: ethical interpretation workshop




semc leadership institute



leadership institute faculty




2024 institute schedule










events




semc store •




















loginjoin or renew
donate
job listing
 






why join?
the southeastern museums conference (semc) is the major regional networking organization for museums and their staff in the southeastern states. 
a nonprofit membership organization, semc is an association of museums, museum staff, independent professionals and corporate partners. we focus on the southeastern united state including: alabama, arkansas, florida, georgia, kentucky, louisiana, mississippi, north carolina, south carolina, tennessee, virginia, west virginia, puerto rico, and us virgin islands.

join today
view all benefits & join today once you join, you'll be able to:

attend educational sessions
share ideas
learn from experts
stay informed
contribute to your profession
 reciprocity program!
find out more about our serm program and the participating museums
support us!
support semc and our programs with a donation to our endowment or the legacy society.


affinity groupswant to get more involved in a specific community of practice? check out semc's affinity groups!



join us in montgomery this fall!\october 20-22, 2025montgomery, alabamalearn more



join us for the february virtual program. get equipped with important information. learn more about virtual programs.

which semc2024 session resonated with you the most? listen to marquis stukes, semc's 2024 intern, reflect on his conference experience. 





semc 2023 annual report click the image below to access

the winter 2025 edition of inside semc is available! thank you to all who contributed!the next submission deadline is june 30, 2025

interested in advertising in inside semc?  check out the 2025 opportunities/rates.

2025 advertising rates

have you visited the museum learning hub? 
free, self-paced technology training!visit the hub!


 
southeastern museums conference land acknowledgement semc acknowledges that our offices in atlanta, georgia are headquartered on the traditional lands of the muscogee (creek) and cherokee peoples past and present and honor with gratitude the land itself and the people who have stewarded it through the generations. as an organization, we commit to being better caretakers of the lands we inhabit and learning more about the native peoples that traditionally occupied these lands.

thank you to our 2024 supporters

                                                     

                                                                                                                                                  

proud member of the 





p.o. box 550746  •  atlanta, ga 30355-3246
office: 404 •814 • 2048
fax: 404 • 814 • 2031
email southeastern museums conference

            

southeastern museums conference is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. copyright © 2017. all rights reserved site by parsons marketing concepts

 





















