








home - extreme response international





















































































































donate
the problem
our work

education reinforcement
vocational training
leadership development
impact
stories
community


about us

purpose, motivation, values
er leadership
our team
er canada
er en ecuador


get involved

give
experience er
join our team


 





select page


  
 



 



 















breaking the chains of physical
and spiritual poverty.

;










1 in 10 people live in extreme poverty









171 million people could escape extreme poverty if all students in low-income countries had basic reading skills.view source










for every year a girl stays in school, her average lifetime income increases by 10%.view source










it takes 4 to 5 generations for a child born into a low-income family to reach the average level of income.view source










children comprise more than 50% of the extreme poor, despite making up only a third of the global population.view source








;
















5

education
reinforcement



our dream centers and mobile education reinforcement programs provide tutoring, mentoring, nutritious meals, school supplies, uniforms, basic life skills extracurricular activities, and safe internet access to vulnerable children on three continents. we demonstrate the love of christ and share opportunity for lasting life change and hope.




5

vocational 
training



our vocational training programs provide people living in extreme situations with valuable skills, including: health, marriage, parenting, financial literacy, entrepreneurialism, teamwork, problem solving and project management. our programs are rooted in bible study, discipleship, relationships and community.




5

leadership
development



we believe that leadership development enables local leaders to grow in knowledge, wisdom, resourcefulness and sustainability. that’s why we invest in the leaders in the communities we serve. our goal is to equip leaders and partner organizations for greater local and global impact so they can positively influence generations to come.










see more inspiring videos on er’s youtube channel >







 

 








investing in human futures
p.o. box 345 snellville, ga
 30078-0345
(678) 344-1950 | contact us
 info@extremeresponse.org
privacy policy | terms & conditions
search site



connect with
extreme response international
serve  donate

followfollowfollowfollowfollow










subscribe to er news




















join!






you have successfully subscribed!








 





























share this





facebook





linkedin





twitter





 





loading...












































 



