

































mary caserta, century 21 real estate agent in amelia island, fl








 




















skip to main content










                        menu
                    




 saved
                    







find a home

back

fernandina beach, fl
find a home
when it comes to your home, never settle. move with the relentless agents of the century 21® brand on your side.

view homes in fernandina beach, fl



open houses
recently reduced
rentals

or, search homes by map in another area




contact an agent

c21 agents in fernandina beach, fl
c21 offices in fernandina beach, fl

or, search in another area


resources

affordability calculator
home buying guide
agent stories







sell a home

back

sell a home
choose the agents  with the 98% recommendation rating†

list your home today


† real satisfied surveys feb ’19 jan ‘20




contact an agent

c21 agents in fernandina beach, fl
c21 offices in fernandina beach, fl

or, search in another area


resources

selling advice
agent stories







mortgage

back

financial calculators

affordability calculator


determine how much home you can afford.

renting vs buying calculator


find out which option is best for you.

mortgage calculator


how much your home will cost you every month?
after purchase


amortization calculator



refinance calculator





learning resources

making an offer
how much can i afford?
applying for a mortgage
lease options
all cash





join c21

back


                                            real estate careers
                                        
elevate your experience, join the team

careers in real estate
how we support you
ready to chat?




                                            franchise with us
                                        
as far as you’ve come, we can go further together

franchise with c21
steps to ownership


explore franchising opportunities









 saved
                                



more
                                

back



español
buscar century 21 español para encontrar casas en venta y agentes de bienes raíces.

visit c21 in español




commercial
a global brand with local representation specializing in commercial spaces.

view offices & properties




luxury
explore featured luxury homes & estates.

search luxury listings






global
search international listings in over 18 languages with more than 36 currencies.

search international listings




blog
articles to help inspire you whether you are buying a new home or ready to sell.

get advice from our blog






how can we help?
century 21® real estate is here to help you have an extraordinary experience.


give us a call 

                                                    (866) 732-6139
                                                







find an agent 
                                who delivers 121%

                                (866) 732-6139
                            
find an agent











                                find homes or agents
                            








find homes or agents



search



                begin typing to search, use arrow keys to navigate, enter to select
    





begin typing to search, use arrow keys to navigate results, enter to select.

            suggested searches
        


atlanta, ga
austin, tx
san francisco, ca
los angeles, ca
dallas, tx
houston, tx
chicago, il
orlando, fl
philadelphia, pa
phoenix, az
boston, ma
miami, fl

















century 21 real estate


                                    agent search
                                

mary caserta




 find an agent













mary caserta
of century 21 miller elite








     (5)              120         ratings
        


 mobile:
                                    
                                        (904) 753-1048
                                    


 message
                                    agent







                                        license: sl532106
                                    




                                save agent
                            
                            |

                            

 share
                                

 facebook


 twitter / x



get in touch








awards



                                    2023 - quality service pinnacle producer
                            

                                    2022 - quality service producer
                            

                                    2021 - masters ruby
                            

                                    2020 - masters emerald
                            

                                    2019 - centurion®
                            

                                    2019 - quality service producer
                            











personal profile
meet mary caserta, an esteemed real estate professional with a rich history of serving clients in the amelia island area. since embarking on her real estate career in 1989, mary has developed a deep passion for helping individuals and families achieve their dreams of homeownership. mary's dedication to her craft is evident in her love for working with first-time homebuyers, guiding them through the exciting journey of finding their perfect home. she also specializes in assisting second-home investors, vacation property owners, and retirees, understanding the unique needs and desires of each client. family holds a special place in mary's heart. married with two children and four grandchildren, she cherishes every moment spent with her loved ones. when she's not busy with real estate, mary enjoys indulging in her hobbies. whether hitting the slopes for a day of skiing or exploring new destinations across europe and the united states, mary's adventurous spirit knows no bounds. her life experiences have taken her to live in various places, including berlin germany, athens greece, virginia, maryland, and the district of columbia, before settling in fernandina beach in 1984. in addition to her professional pursuits, mary is an active member of st. michael's catholic church, finding strength and community in her faith. she also enjoys the simple pleasures of life, often spending evenings admiring the stunning sunsets on the amelia river with friends and a glass of wine. with mary caserta as your guide, you can trust that your real estate journey will be both successful and enjoyable. contact her today to turn your real estate dreams into reality!









locations served (8)



amelia city, fl


amelia island, fl


fern bch, fl


fernandina bch, fl


fernandina beach, fl


fernandina, fl


wildlight, fl


yulee, fl












client reviews
5 out of 5









     (5)              120         ratings
        









seller review




                            mary caserta was exteremly helpful and knowledgeable about the entire process from listing to close. i would reccomend using mary caserta for your next home purchase or sale!
                        
read more
show less



                    larry morgan, valrico, f 
                     10 months ago




buyer review




                            mary is an exceptional real estate agent. coming from out of the state, we needed a lot of hand-holding to navigate the market. she made a potentially stressful experience relexing and even fun. she was not only there for us with every detail of the purchasing process, but also went above and beyond to help us settle down into our new home. we leaned on her for almost everything. she is prefessional, knowlegeable, patient and kind. she is such a credit to your company.
                        
read more
show less



                    qing zeng, yulee fl 
                     1 year ago




seller review




                            we attempted to sell this property by using a different broker/realtor. that broker/realtor has the property for about 9 months with no success. when we listed this property with ms. caserta, it was sold within 3 months. we greatly appreciate ms. caserta and would highly recommend her.
                        
read more
show less



                    christine hendrix, ferna 
                     1 year ago




seller review




                            ms. caserta was extremely easy to work with. she listened, offered professional advice and was available for consultation as needed. ms. caserta was sensitive to the needs of our family and the complex nature of this sale. we would highly recommend ms. caserta and will definitely use her in the future.
                        
read more
show less



                    christine hendrix, ferna 
                     1 year ago




buyer review




                            as a client in my 20's, navigating my first home purchase was initially an overwhelming experience until i was referred to mary caserta by a family member that had the pleasure of working with her for their purchase. mary sent me listings that fit my wants and needs within the hour. she not only negotiated on my behalf keeping me 20k under my budget, but she found me the land of my dreams in yulee, fl i thought i would never be able to get my hands on. her professionalism and availability made it 110% easier to get through all the hectic commotion of the inspections, and her transparency helped me to make the most of my closing. i even had the pleasure of working with her co-representative james caserta, who was kind enough to accompany me for inspections and helped me put together a nail biting closing after my sellers were hospitalized on our closing day by getting us a mobile notary. thank you for helping me get my 2 year old his dinosaur room. i am so so thankful for you both.
                        
read more
show less



                    melissa italia, yulee, f 
                     1 year ago




seller review




                            overall in all aspects she was one of the best i have dealt with lately and did an amazing job with everything.
                        
read more
show less



                    roger lucas, decherd, tn 
                     1 year ago








 previous


1
                                


2
                                


3
                                


...


9
                                



                                next
                                






                showing 1 - 6
                of 52
            














get in touch with mary caserta








     (5)              120         ratings
        
century 21 miller elite







                                    office address:


                                            500 centre street

                                                                                        amelia island,
                                            fl 32034
                                        







                                                                                                                        mobile:
                                            
                                                (904) 753-1048
                                            

                                                                                                                                                                phone:
                                            
                                                (904) 753-1048
                                            

                                                                                                                                                                office:
                                            
                                                (904) 261-5571
                                            

                                                                                                                                                                fax:
                                            
                                                (904) 277-8739
                                            








 first name (required)  last name (required)  contact me by (required)
email
phone
both email phone message 

        by clicking send message, i agree that a century 21 agent may contact me by phone or text message
    including by automated means about real estate services, and that i can access real estate services
    without providing my phone number. i acknowledge that i have read and agree to the
    terms of use and
    privacy policy.


        this site is protected by recaptcha enterprise and the google
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.

send message









loading...
















agents near amelia island



                                a list of agents near amelia island, expandable for more links.
            

                        yulee real estate agents

                        fernandina beach real estate agents

                        saint marys real estate agents

                        st marys real estate agents

                        atlantic beach real estate agents

show more
                    


                            jacksonville real estate agents

                            ponte vedra beach real estate agents

                            ponte vedra real estate agents

                            orange park real estate agents

                            jacksonville beach real estate agents

                            saint johns real estate agents

                            middleburg real estate agents

                            callahan real estate agents

                            fleming island real estate agents

                            hilliard real estate agents

show less
                    




zip codes near amelia island



                                a list of zip codes near amelia island, expandable for more links.
            

                        32226 real estate agents

                        32218 real estate agents

                        32097 real estate agents

                        31558 real estate agents

                        32277 real estate agents

show more
                    


                            32210 real estate agents

                            32256 real estate agents

                            32081 real estate agents

                            32205 real estate agents

                            32259 real estate agents

                            32068 real estate agents

                            32082 real estate agents

                            32209 real estate agents

                            32246 real estate agents

                            32065 real estate agents

show less
                    




counties near amelia island



                                a list of counties near amelia island, expandable for more links.
            

                        duval county real estate agents

                        nassau county real estate agents

                        camden county real estate agents

                        charlton county real estate agents



century 21® affiliated real estate agent mary caserta currently has 9 listings. mary caserta speaks english. mary caserta works at the century 21 real estate office miller elite located in 500 centre street, amelia island, florida. contact mary caserta by phone by calling (904) 753-1048










                     866-732-6139
                





                            general
                        

contact us
faqs
sitemap
fraud alert




                         resources
                        

home seller resources
home buyer resources
real estate glossary
mortgage calculators




                        about c21
                        

company profile
about us
in the news
philanthropy
blog




                            join c21
                        

why c21?
real estate careers
franchise








facebook -
                    instagram -
                    x -
                    youtube

do not sell or share my personal information






privacy policy
terms & conditions
accessibility statement
ny reasonable accommodations notice




fair housing act






 united states (english)


                    protect your home and budget with an american home shield® home warranty. learn more!

©2025 century 21 real estate llc. all rights reserved.
century 21®, the century 21 logo and c21® are service marks owned by century 21 real estate llc. century 21 real estate llc fully supports the principles of the fair housing act and the equal opportunity act. each office is independently owned and operated. listing information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed accurate.











loading...




loading...













my c21






your saved item list is empty.
welcome to my century 21® 



you have no recent saved items.

                            see all your saved items 



recently saved items




see all your saved items 


become a my c21 member
use your account to save homes & agents across devices.  
join
sign in


log out










save this search






save search error
there was an error saving your search. please try again later.


name this search




                                cancel
                            

                                save
                            

see all your saved searches 



search saved
your search has been saved successfully!
see all your saved searches 


become a my c21 member
use your account to save homes & agents across devices.  
join
sign in


log out











 chat
        









        loading
    

 

