










canadian home builders' association

























































 
 
























skip to content


























 
blogjoinaccount sign in











facebook





twitter





instagram





linkedin





youtube





houzz





pintrest









































menu 
about chba get to know us mission structure committees and councils our members giving back join chba how the 3 levels work for you membership benefits at the national level sponsorships/affiliates alliance network affinity program engagement opportunities chba initiatives careers at chba newsroom events contact general inquiries staff directory mediaabout housing in canada economics housing market index economic impacts labour market information affordability international role federal role sector transition strategy consultations day on the hill federal budget municipal role municipal benchmarking municipal toolkit chba initiatives modular modular and the environment code compliance for modular construction  factory process i’m a building official careers faq net zero home labelling program about the program how to become qualified how to label your home who to work with net zero murbs net zero renovations chba net zero renovations what is a net zero renovation? about the net zero renovation program become a qualified net zero renovator find a qualified net zero renovator net zero training net zero events net zero solutions net zero marketing resources net zero technical committee program summary reports net zero program fees net zero council consumer information net zero plaque enabling tiered codes adaptiv home course leep renomark careers in residential construction why residential construction? where to start? explore opportunities diversity in the residential construction industry guide to getting hired member success stories more resources assessment testawards housing awards association leadership awardsresources for homeowners find a pro buying a new home before buying a new home finding a builder financing and legal the construction process after buying a new home net zero homes renovating before starting a renovation finding a renovator contracts and legal the renovation process after the renovation adaptiv home renovations renomark blog for members your account join chba renomark knowledge center savings chba national advantages program nahb/ibs discounts publications and training business resources chba member logo health/mental health resources for renovators alliance network business resources price escalation clause anti-money laundering compliance (fintrac) hbps participation advocacy federal recommendations industry issues meeting with your mp toolkit committees and councils e-publications hba resources membership reporting eo newsletter eoc professional development forum knowledge centre marketing materials membership recruitment & retention renomark resources net zero resources promoting careers in residential construction sharable news items tradeshow branding quick email – all eos webinars chba webinars modular webinars net zero webinars training adaptiv home course net zero training leep publications economics municipal benchmarking housing market index economic impacts construction chba builders’ manual chba renovators’ manual chba adaptiv home manual home buyer preferences magazine e-publicationsfind a member








 















 
chba housing market index chba's newest research and economics product provides a much-needed leading indicator about the current and future health of the residential construction industry in canada.


explore 2024 q4 results


 


 
who we arethe canadian home builders' association (chba) is the voice of canada's residential construction industry.


learn more


 


 
good luck, entrants!the chba national awards for housing excellence recognizes the best in canadian new homes, renovations, community development, and residential marketing with 48 diverse categories. the 2025 entry period is now closed.



more info


 


 
get your hands on the 2024 canadian home buyer preferencesif you’re looking for powerful insight into today’s new home buyer market, then chba’s nationwide market research study – powered by avid ratings canada – is a must-read.


click here


 


 
sector transition strategychba's sector transition strategy: solutions to the barriers preventing canada from building 5.8 million homes.


read now


 


 
the ultimate bundlemembers receive an additional $30 off the discounted bundle pricing of the chba builders’ manual, adaptiv home manual and renovators’ manual.


order now


 


 
save the date!chba's home building week in canada, taking place may 11-15, 2025 in victoria, bc. we hope to see you there!



more info


 


 
be part of the movementchba seeks a strong and positive role for the housing industry in canada’s economy and in the life and development of our communities.


learn more


 






























welcome to the canadian home builders' association






since 1943, the canadian home builders' association (chba) has been "the voice of canada's residential construction industry." representing one of the largest industry sectors in canada, our membership is made up of ~8,500 companies - including home builders, renovators, land developers, trade contractors, product and material manufacturers, building product suppliers, lending institutions, insurance providers, and service providers.

















					news				








					events				








					awards				








					about us				








					join chba				








					chba blog				






















learn more
















 
homeowners 
chba provides homeowners with valuable information to make informed decisions about new home construction and renovations.
learn more >> 














 
members 
members have access to exclusive resources to help bring their businesses forward and build thriving communities across canada.
learn more >> 














 
chba initiatives 
net zero. modular-built. adaptiv home. chba is leading a variety of initiatives to move the industry – and canada – forward.
learn more >> 




















become a member 
the canadian home builders' association is "the voice of canada's residential construction industry," and our members are the industry’s leaders from coast to coast.
as a three-level organization, when you join your local home builders’ association, your become part of our strong collective voice locally, provincially and nationally – and you get all the benefits from the three levels of the association too.
 








join today










 












© 2025 canadian home builders' association
 | 
site by growthzone












chba's alliance network partners: working together to meet the housing needs of canadians and to keep our industry strong



























                                cwc                            














                                federated insurance                            














                                dell technologies                            














                                owens corning                            














                                rbc bank                            














                                home depot                            














                                dupont                            














                                altus group                            














                                avid ratings                            














                                mnp                            













                                modular construction                            













                                jeld-wen                            














                                lg                            














                                miliwaukee                            














                                schneider electric                            






next
previous





























canadian home builders' association









location




141 laurier ave w #500, ottawa, on k1p 5j3 










phone number




613-230-3060 










email




chba@chba.ca 










facebook





twitter





instagram





linkedin





youtube





houzz





pintrest



















 © 2025 canadian home builders' association.  all rights reserved.  | website accessibility policy 








 



















