



















home | lange eye care and associates

































































search for:



 
≡ menu
skip to content
home
about us
locations
testimonials
contact us
what’s new
your eye exam
refractive vision advantage :eye surgery vs many other options.
optical showroom at lange eye institute in the villages
our lab and premium digital lenses.
promotions
michael lange optometrist host of “ask the dr”
iol & eye surgery articles
lasik articles
job opportunities

contact us
testimonials
locations
about us
home











what’s new
your eye exam
new patients
eye surgery, lasik & cosmetic
optical showroom at lange eye institute in the villages
our doctors
our lab and premium digital lenses.
fortifeye vitamins
sports nutrition
dr. lange’s blog
michael lange optometrist host of “ask the dr”
job opportunities
dr. michael lange racing
 



previous
next




























home





eye vitamins
developed by dr. michael lange
learn more


ask the dr.
got a question for dr. michael lange?
learn more


optical showroom
we carry a full line of the latest:

designer frames
contact lenses
designersunglasses

find a showroom










what’s new!
optos  july 10, 2023



annual eye exams are vital to maintaining your vision and overall health. the lange eye institute offers the optomap® as an important part of our eye exams. the optomap produces an image that is unique and provides dr. michael lange, dr. lori caputi and dr. susan summerton with a high-resolution 200° image in order to ascertain the health of your ...read moredr. susan summerton  november 23, 2022
the lange eye institute welcomes dr. susan summerton to the villages.


dr. susan summerton


dr. summerton is one of a very select group of eye doctors in the country that have specialized in nutritional / integrative eye care. she has multiple degrees, diplomas and certificates in the nutritional arena to bring this added value in nutritional wellness and anti aging to the ...read morebenefits of the ultimate muscle fuel called fortifeye fit  march 15, 2021
dr michael lange and dr richard hall (doc hall) discuss the clinical science behind the ultimate muscle fuel called fortifeye fit. this is the first naturally flavored and sweetened pre and post workout supplement utilizing the 10 top sports nutrition nutrients. people are making incredible gains in their muscle synthesis, fat loss , strength , energy and endurance while taking ...read moredo you read labels…you should!  january 25, 2021



a recent survey shows that the majority of consumers do not read the labels on the products they purchase, and if they do, it is usually only to check calorie amount. the top reason given was the difficulty in understanding the terms, and a close second was, too much time spent to figure it out. hopefully i can shed a ...read morenew clearwater fortifeye nutrition center opening soon!  september 28, 2020



the clearwater location is scheduled to open the end of october 2020!




fortifeye nutrition center


clearwater (opening soon)1520 n mcmullen booth roadclearwater, fl 33759




lange nutrition center


ocala3101 sw college rd suite 201,ocala, fl 34471(866) 503-9746



read moreastaxanthin for eye health  july 24, 2020
benefits of astareal astaxanthin for accommodation aging eyes (pdf)




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6pvu9p6rwo




astareal: quality, safety, & stability




https://youtu.be/zdmj5rqg9jy




astaxanthin for eye health




https://youtu.be/qb1m04z_dys




astaxanthin together with lutein and zeaxanthin for eye health

read moreread more






leave a replyyou must be logged in to post a comment. 

















home
locations
contact us
 





our offices




the villages





                    learn about nutritional therapy for your eyes by reading the blog of 
dr. michael lange, ocala optometrist, creator of fortifeye vitamins, the best vitamins for eye                    & whole body.
                







        copyright ©
        2025 lange eye care and associates. all rights reserved.
                
            powered by wordpress         & acceleration.net | log in











