










best roofing contractors in plymouth, mi | renaissance roofing






 
















 











skip to main content










homeabout meet our team certifications & awards careers  faq blog referral program coupons & specials services roof replacement roof repair solar ventilation & insulation galleryfinancingservice areas plymouth, mi northville, mi livonia, mi canton, mi contact 



 

25+ years full service roofing contractor




phone_enabled 
              (734) 495-0996            














 








phone_enabled 
              (734) 495-0996            









homeabout meet our team certifications & awards careers  faq blog referral program coupons & specials services roof replacement roof repair solar ventilation & insulation galleryfinancingservice areas plymouth, mi northville, mi livonia, mi canton, mi contact 



 










        it takes more than just  shingles to make a roof      

        honest estimates & quality workmanship      


            about us          

            contact us          








 professional roof replacement and repair in plymouth-canton, mi exceptional roofing services for your home dealing with an aging or damaged roof can significantly stress homeowners. as your home's first line of protection, the roof's importance cannot be overstated. leaks, missing shingles, and other issues might seem minor but can quickly lead to more significant problems, such as structural damage and expensive repairs. that's where renaissance roofing, inc. comes in. whether your roof demands replacement or repair, we're your local roofing experts in plymouth, canton, and surrounding areas. with almost three decades of experience, our skilled team delivers high-quality roofing solutions, providing homeowners peace of mind. you can trust us to provide the best materials, workmanship and solutions to protect your home.  about us




 request an estimate 


        * indicates required questions    


                      name *                  



first name




                          	first                          



last name




                          	last                          





                                    email *                                

email






                                    phone # *                                

mobile phone





i’m interested in *
i’m interested in * 

please select
roof replacement repair servicesventilation/insulation 




where are you located? *
where are you located? * 





how did you hear about us?
how did you hear about us? 





how can we help you?
how can we help you? 





enter:




 








              



6 step process




step 1


























 
schedule appointment with renaissance roofing, inc.




step 2






 
site visit and roof evaluation




step 3

















 
proposal received




step 4













 
accept proposal – 
select shingle & color




step 5


























 
schedule install




step 6









 
your new roof 
installed




final










 
warranty registered with total peace of mind




schedule appointment





  schedule your roofing service and save today! your certified installer for roof replacement & roof repair  






up to $800 off 
any complete job of$12,000 or more
 

*coupons must be mentioned or presented at the time of booking or service. promotions can not be combined. payment must be made by check. 
call today









gaf roof for troops  
call today to see how affordable a new roof can be
*coupons must be mentioned or presented at the time of booking or service. promotions can not be combined.
claim deal









12 months 
same as cash financing
 

*coupons must be mentioned or presented at the time of booking or service. promotions can not be combined.

financing



 view more specials  








roofing contractors serving plymouth, canton, northville, and livonia comprehensive services to preserve your roof’s integrity   roof replacement roof repair solar ventilation & insulation    




















































 




southeast michigan’s premier roofing contractors






                        “this is a great company - all the employees are professional and get the job done in a timely manner. they are also very responsive, which is hard to find these days. any time you need roof work - you should call renaissance roofing!”                      
 cindy szymanski 








                        “renaissance roofing recently completed a new roof installation at our home in plymouth. they did a thorough and professional job.  their owner, don and his assistant jack, both followed up extensively while work was under way and were able to resolve any minor issues that arose to our complete satisfaction.  they were also very thorough when it came to clean-up. i would highly recommend them to anyone looking for new roofing or roof repairs.”                      
 clark lefurgy, plymouth, mi 








                        “after storm damage to my roof, i decided to replace the entire roof. don came out and inspected the situation and gave me an estimate for a replacement. his was the third estimate i’d received and renaissance seemed to be the one i was most comfortable with. don is very straightforward in his presentation. the work was done very professionally and i was pleased with how detail oriented the crew was. the cleanup was thorough and the new roof looks great. i would strongly recommend renaissance”                      
 william carney 








                        renaissance roof was a company that was above and beyond professional, knowledgeable, and proactive on protecting my property by offering to tarp my roof. from start to finish this company knew the product, knew how to best solve some current roof problems, and earned my business. i would highly recommend them to anyone seeking out a new roof.                      
 - m fassett 








                        i have to admit, when i called renaissance roofing, for a moment i was hesitant to schedule an appointment because of the $98 inspection fee (it is waved if you hire renaissance roofing to do the work). making that appointment turned out to be the best decision- don was punctual, knowledgeable, honest and straightforward with me. i know who i am going to call if i have another roof problem!                      
 - vc clarke 



















see our reviews





      roofing contractors that guarantee long-lasting results    









 

            reliable in-house crew          

            we don’t outsource our work. every team member that works on your roof is a trained and trusted renaissance roofing, inc. employee. this control ensures excellence and consistency in our services.          















 

            extended warranty on work          

            at renaissance roofing, inc., we take pride in our craftsmanship. our quality new roof installations are backed by an extended warranty from the manufacturer, giving homeowners peace of mind.          










 

            high-quality service          

            our lengthy track record of providing high-quality service is unmatched. we believe in using only the best roofing materials and techniques, ensuring your roof can withstand michigan’s most severe weather conditions.          




















 

            almost 30 years of service          

            with over a quarter-century’s experience, we’ve seen and mastered it all in roofing. our experience helps us deliver ideal repairs or complete roof replacement for your home improvements.          






   witness superior quality in every shingle  renaissance roofing, inc. has you covered whether you need a simple repair or a complete roof replacement. we understand the value of choosing the right roofing contractor for your home or business, and our commitment to excellence makes us the perfect choice. trust us with your roof replacement and roof repair needs! our work  









benefits of a well-maintained or new roof
a properly installed and well-maintained roofing system isn’t just about aesthetics. it is a complex combination of elements that affect the function of your home. a new roof will make your home more appealing and increase your value.
choosing renaissance roofing means choosing a superior roofing experience. our team uses the highest quality materials combined with efficient work processes, ensuring your roof stands the test of time.


 




secure your home with renaissance roofing, inc. today!

invest in a roof that protects and enhances your plymouth-canton mi home. contact renaissance roofing, inc. for your roofing needs today! 

        call today      











            (734) 495-0996          


our company





              15113 northville rd.  plymouth, mi 48170            



helpful links
roof replacement
roof repair
solar
ventilation & insulation


see our reviews
follow us




 



 

 







      the contents of this webpage are copyright © 2025 renaissance roofing. all rights reserved. privacy







































 






