






























    surveying contractors - syracuse, ny - lehr land surveyors p.c.
  














               116 salina street, suite 6, liverpool, new york, 13088 | info@lehrlandsurveyors.com



     

 







    


   lehr land surveyors d.p.c.


  land surveying and planning
 surveying new york state for over 45 years



  


  call us!  315-451-3333





       home



  land surveying



  request an estimate



  contact us











    
 





      


  


  


  


   land surveyors in syracuse, new york   lehr land surveyors “lls” 
 is headquartered in central new york, just hours away from all corners of the state. lls offer the diversity of all aspects of surveying projects to both the public and private sectors. with over 40 years of surveying experience in the land development area, lls possesses extensive knowledge as well as technical confidence to fulfill your surveying needs.  we are a completely automated surveying office. our field crews are equipped with state of the art leica robotic total stations, data collectors and leica gps field equipment. we have 3 full time cad technicians with autocad civil 3d software and large format plotters with the capability of furnishing any maps in black, white or in color.  




  
   our firm-wide position on growth and diversification is tempered by our ability to constantly provide superior service, thereby placing our client's needs first and foremost. in a “team” effort, the management and logistical skills of lls, combined with the procurement of professional surveying expertise, establishes our firm with state-wide presence in servicing the real estate industry. we stand ready to meet our client's objective and expectations. the staff of lehr land surveyors share in the responsibilities and work towards one common goal... client satisfaction!





    about our owner
   douglas r. lehr, principal / owner, native of syracuse and is licensed by the university of new york in april of 1977. he was employed by the city of syracuse department of engineering, mapping division from 1967 until 1980, where he was in charge of surveying services for the city for the last two years.  in the summer of 1977, doug started his own practice on a part-time basis. upon leaving the city's employ, he made lehr land surveyors (then d. r. lehr & associates) a full-time business.

 member of the following organizations:
    new york state association of professional land surveyors
national society of professional surveyors




    american congress on surveying and mapping







 



    call or email us directly in syracuse, ny for questions or regarding our surveying services.







       contact information

  phone:
315-451-3333 email:  info@lehrlandsurveyors.com  address:
116 salina street, suite 6
liverpool, new york, 13088

     

 





  location

 




    browse our site

    home



  land surveying



  request an estimate



  contact us






  contact information

  phone:
315-451-3333 email:
info@lehrlandsurveyors.comaddress: 116 salina street, suite 6 liverpool, new york, 13088

     

 





  location

 




      content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy
























































































































  
  share by:













