




 




home - ashbury cosmetic clinic surgery brisbane gold coast































































skip to content


menu



cosmetic surgery laser & vein centre 







home 
our locations windsor 
upper mount gravatt 
indooroopilly 
gold coast – bundall 

non-surgical skin skin & wrinkle treatments wrinkle treatments 
permanent wrinkle treatments 
lip & filler treatments lip fillers 
filler treatments 

chemical peels 
gentle natural chemical peels 
cosmetic tattooing & semi-permanent make-up 
dermapen — acne scars & skin rejuvenation 
hand rejuvenation 
keloid scar & various skin condition treatments 
skincare 

laser skin treatments laser & radio frequency skin tightening 
laser skin rejuvenation 
laser skin resurfacing 
laser mole & skin tag removal 
laser tattoo removal 
laser hair removal 
hyperhidrosis / excessive sweating 


face tmj treatment / teeth grinding 
headache & migraine treatment + muscle tension 
cosmetic teeth whitening 

body varicose & spider veins 
vaginal rejuvenation / tightening & urinary incontinence 
fat freezing — cooltech 


surgical face face & neck lifts 
eyelift surgery (blepharoplasty) 
ear surgery (otoplasty) 

breast breast implants 
breast reduction / lift 
male breast reduction 
nipple elevation 

body liposuction / laser liposuction 
tummy tuck (abdominoplasty) 
cellulaze — cellulite treatment 


practice overview key personnel 
partners 

patient centre blog 
faqs 
patient experiences 
request a quote 
specials 
cosmetic reference & risks 

contact us 
 



close menu

















 





over 20 years’ experience 




medical & result driven with high standards of care for our patients. 

 







learn more












contact us
























our services
we offer a wide range of non-surgical and surgical treatments for men and women. 

 










 






non-surgical 







skin




skin & wrinkle treatments
laser skin treatments 





face




tmj treatment / teeth grinding
headache & migraine treatment
cosmetic teeth whitening 





body




varicose & spider veins
vaginal rejuvenation / tightening & urinary incontinence
fat freezing – cooltech 



 










surgical 







face




face & neck lifts
eyelift surgery (blepharoplasty)
ear surgery (otoplasty) 





breast




breast implants
breast reduction / lift
male breast reduction
nipple elevation 





body




liposuction / laser liposculpture
tummy tuck (abdominoplasty)
cellulaze 



 










 



















why choose ashbury clinic? 




ashbury clinic has locations across both brisbane and the gold coast. we have over 20 years of experience. 







the best cosmetic treatments in brisbane and on the gold coast 





qualified doctors and laser practitioners 





affordable prices 





over 20 years’ experience 





high quality of care for our patients 





non-surgical and surgical options 





consistently good results 





high attention to detail 





latest advanced laser technology 





honesty and professional care 









learn more















 























 






experience you can trust 




ashbury clinic are your dedicated cosmetic clinic in brisbane and on the gold coast. we aim to offer the best possible cosmetic treatments available.
ashbury clinic can help you alter your breasts, waist, or body shape. this can be achieved through a range of treatment options. we offer treatments to rejuvenate your skin, as well as treatments to help remove stubborn bulges that won’t shift with regular exercise. we can help your bust with breast implants or decrease their size with breast reduction and lift procedures. 





learn more




















download our guides 




at ashbury clinic, we want to help educate our patients on procedures they are interested in. we have created a range of free downloadable guides to give you all the information you need to know on our most popular treatments. 

 










liposuction & laser liposuction guide


download


send my guide to:





i consent to my data being saved and stored securely.












 

 










varicose & spider veins guide


download


send my guide to:





i consent to my data being saved and stored securely.












 

 










breast augmentation guide


download


send my guide to:





i consent to my data being saved and stored securely.












 

 





























meet our team 

 















									dr james chen							

ahpra registration: med0001392393
registered medical practitioner / cosmetic surgery practitioner
dr chen has been performing cosmetic and laser surgery in australia for the last 20 years; “attention to detail” is dr chen’s motto in cosmetic surgery. dr chen is committed to achieving great and satisfying results for his patients.	    




 











									dr phil scarlett							

ahpra registration: med0001391657
registered medical practitioner, general surgerydr scarlett has over 30 years of experience in cosmetic surgery and has a particular interest in cosmetic breast, abdominal, and liposuction surgery. throughout his career, he has treated patients with breast cancer (where sometimes extensive surgery is required).	    




 











									dr aaron atia							

ahpra registration: med0001378210
registered medical practitioner
dr atia is a general practitioners’ mentor. he specialises in the early detection of abnormal skin lesions and surgical management with minimal scarring techniques. he is a qualified laser trainer in association with many australian universities.	    




 











									jean denton							

practice manager
jean has been ashbury’s caring and friendly practice manager for the last 12 years. her dedication to making patients feel at ease and well looked after throughout their procedures is a wonderful asset. jean believes in making every patient feel welcomed and in providing high standards of care.	    




 











our team
















 















before and after photos of actual patients of ashbury clinic 




in our patient gallery, we showcase our successful procedures performed at ashbury cosmetics clinics in brisbane and on the gold coast. take a look at our patient gallery and see what our team can do for you! disclaimer: understand the risks and complications of cosmetic surgery. 
note:  results may vary from one patient to another. the outcome is reflective of this patient and may not pertain to your experience.  

 










breast procedures 






breast implants




 breast implants




 breast reduction / lift




 male breast reduction








breast implants







 
patient 1moderate c cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 2e cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 3double d cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under pectoralis muscle. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 4big b cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under pectoralis muscle. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 5b cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 6big b cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under pectoralis muscle. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 7small c cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 8small c round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 9moderate c cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 10moderate c cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 11moderate c cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 12big c cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary gel implants.beforeafterpatient 13d cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 14d cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 15double d cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafterpatient 16moderate c cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants under breast tissue. inframammary incision.beforeafter 



patient 1patient 2patient 3patient 4patient 5patient 6patient 7patient 8patient 9patient 10patient 11patient 12patient 13patient 14patient 15patient 16


 



breast reduction / lift






 
patient 1breast reduction via liposuction only.beforeafterpatient 2breast lift (mastoplexy).beforeafterpatient 3breast lift only (mastoplexy).beforeafterpatient 4breast lift only (mastoplexy).beforeafterpatient 5breast lift and big c cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants.beforeafterpatient 6breast lift and big d cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants.beforeafterpatient 7breast lift and big d cup round mcghan cohesive gel implant.beforeafterpatient 8breast lift and c cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants.beforeafterpatient 9breast lift and c cup round mcghan cohesive gel implants.beforeafter 



patient 1patient 2patient 3patient 4patient 5patient 6patient 7patient 8patient 9
 



male breast reduction






 
patient 1liposuction of the breast and gynaecomastia gland removal.beforeafterpatient 2liposuction of the breast (gynaecomastia) and abdomen.beforeafterpatient 3liposuction of the breast (gynaecomastia) and love handles.beforeafterpatient 4gynaecomastia gland removal and liposuction of male breast.beforeafterpatient 5gynaecomastia gland removal and liposuction of the breast, abdomen, and love handles.beforeafter 



patient 1patient 2patient 3patient 4patient 5
 











body procedures 






liposuction




 liposuction




 fat freezing




 varicose veins




 tummy tuck







liposuction / laser liposculpture
 







 
patient 1liposculpture of upper and lower tummy and hip.beforeafterpatient 2liposculpture of upper and lower tummy.beforeafterpatient 3liposculpture of upper and lower tummy.beforeafterpatient 4liposculpture of upper and lower tummy.beforeafterpatient 5liposuction of under arms (tricep area).beforeafterpatient 6liposuction of armpit fold.beforeafterpatient 7liposculpture of the tummy, hips outer and inner thigh.beforeafterpatient 8liposculpture of the tummy, hips outer and inner thigh.beforeafterpatient 9liposculpture of the outer/inner thigh and inner knee.beforeafterpatient 10liposculpture of the outer/inner thigh and inner knee.beforeafterpatient 11liposuction of neck (double chin).beforeafterpatient 12liposuction of neck (double chin).beforeafterpatient 13liposuction of ankles.beforeafterpatient 14liposuction of under arms and hips.beforeafterpatient 15liposuction of inner and outer thighs, buttock, and knees.beforeafterpatient 16liposculpture of hips, buttocks, outter and inner thigh and inner knee.beforeafterpatient 17liposculpture of hips, buttocks, outter and inner thigh and inner knee.beforeafterpatient 18liposuction of upper and lower tummy and hips.beforeafterpatient 19liposuction of the breast and tummy.beforeafterpatient 20liposuction of breast (gynaecomastia).beforeafterpatient 21liposuction of hips (love handles).beforeafterpatient 22liposuction of breast (gynaecomastia), hips, and upper and lower tummy.beforeafterpatient 23liposuction of upper and lower tummy.beforeafterpatient 24liposuction of upper and lower tummy.beforeafterpatient 25laser liposuction.beforeafterpatient 26laser liposuction of abdomen.beforeafterpatient 27laser liposuction of ankles and calf.beforeafterpatient 28laser liposuction of ankles and calf.beforeafterpatient 29laser liposuction of back folds and flanks.beforeafterpatient 30laser liposuction of mon pubis.beforeafter 



patient 1patient 2patient 3patient 4patient 5patient 6patient 7patient 8patient 9patient 10patient 11patient 12patient 13patient 14patient 15patient 16patient 17patient 18patient 19patient 20patient 21patient 22patient 23patient 24patient 25patient 26patient 27patient 28patient 29patient 30



 



fat freezing – cooltech






 
patient 1cooltech® fat removal from female patient.beforeafterpatient 2cooltech® fat removal from male patient.beforeafterpatient 3cooltech® fat removal from male patient.beforeafterpatient 4cooltech® fat removal from female patient.beforeafterpatient 5cooltech® fat removal from male patient.beforeafterpatient 6cooltech® fat removal from male patient.beforeafterpatient 7cooltech® of the abdomen.applicator used: double hp || 6 weeks later: 14cm lostbeforeafterpatient 8cooltech® fat removal. applicator used: straight hp || 8 weeks later: 6cm lostbeforeafter 



patient 1patient 2patient 3patient 4patient 5patient 6patient 7patient 8
 



varicose & spider veins






 
patient 1varicose veins treatment.beforeafterpatient 2varicose veins treatment.beforeafterpatient 3varicose and spider veins treatment.beforeafterpatient 4varicose veins treatment.beforeafterpatient 5spider veins on the nose.beforeafterpatient 6varicose veins treatment.beforeafterpatient 7spider veins treatment.beforeafterpatient 8small varicose and spider vein treatment.beforeafter 



patient 1patient 2patient 3patient 4patient 5patient 6patient 7patient 8
 



tummy tuck / abdominoplasty






 
patient 1female tummy tuck.beforeafterpatient 2female tummy tuck.beforeafter 



patient 1patient 2
 











all surgical procedures carry risks. before proceeding, you should seek a second opinion from an appropriately qualified health practitioner. results may vary from one patient to another. the outcome is reflective of this patient and may not pertain to your experience. the outcome shown will not necessarily reflect your experience. 

 











looking for more information? 






laser treatments




laser treatments




cosmetic treatments (face & body)




laser liposuction




areas we service





laser treatments to help you improve the look and feel of your skin.
if you are looking for minimally invasive treatment options to improve the feel of your skin—we can help! with our range of laser rejuvenation treatments. we also offer laser tattoo removal, laser hair removal, and laser treatments for excessive sweating.
our comprehensive range of laser treatments, all performed by qualified laser practitioners, will help you to ensure you receive quality care and results. 



from injectables to scar removal and skincare, ashbury provides patients with a wide variety of treatments.
ashbury’s range of cosmetic treatments are minimally invasive options to assist with the cosmetic signs of the body. our injectable treatments cover wrinkles, lips, and even the appearance of your hands. we also offer teeth whitening treatments, cosmetic tattooing, and semi-permanent makeup. 



liposuction and laser liposculpture effectively re-shape the body and have become less invasive operations, needing minimal downtime while achieving fantastic results.
dr james chen and his team at ashbury offer effectove laser liposuction procedures for skin contraction. if you are looking for minimally invasive treatment smartlipo could be the answer for you. laser liposuction is a perfect option for patients who are close to their ideal weight, yet who are struggling to lose those last few kilos in stubborn parts of the body. this is why it’s often called laser liposculpture, as the treatment sculpts and shapes the body of the patient.
when you visit one of our four locations across brisbane and the gold coast, we will assess your needs and help determine which strategy will help you achieve your desired results. 



with three locations across brisbane and the gold coast, ashbury has been servicing the community for over 20 years.
ashbury is located in windsor, upper mt gravatt, indooroopilly in brisbane, and bundall on the gold coast. with over 100,000 procedures successfully performed, we are always looking to provide patients with the latest, safest, and best treatments and surgeries available. with a strong focus on laser treatments for those patients looking for minimally-invasive treatments, ashbury can help you achieve the results you want. 


























ask a question or select a preferred consultation time. 




looking for cosmetic doctors on the gold coast or brisbane that can perform breast augmentation, liposuction, tummy tuck, varicose vein removal, or tattoo removal? our cosmetic clinics based in brisbane and the gold coast can help you.
if you would like further information, or to make an appointment, please contact us. our friendly team are here to help you in any way possible.
all new patients must pay a $50 booking fee to secure their appointment.
this fee will only be refunded if a minimum of 48 hours notice is provided.
the fee can be deducted from any treatment undertaken with nurses and beauty therapists only. 





contact us












 





















our locations 




consultation by appointment only. please call to arrange a booking.


 










windsor
(07) 3857 6188











upper mount gravatt
(07) 3343 2800











indooroopilly
(07) 3343 2800











gold coast
(07) 5570 6800 
















		    level 1, 222 lutwyche road, windsor, 4030		

		    2072 logan road, upper mount gravatt, 4122		

		    40 station road, indooroopilly, 4068		

		    32 ashmore road, bundall, 4214		


 











 





















get in touch 




consultation by appointment only. please call to arrange a booking.


 






opening hours
disclaimer: please call to check specific clinic opening hours.





main clinic (windsor) 







monday
 
8:30am to 6:30pm


tuesday
 
8:30am to 6:30pm


wednesday
 
8:30am to 6:30pm


thursday
 
8:30am to 6:30pm


friday
 
8:30am to 6:30pm


saturday
 
8:30am to 4:00pm


sunday
 
closed


 




for other sites, please call to arrange an appointment. 





 



 



 



 



 














name * 






					
					phone											
*







email * 






message  






  
				enquire now			












disclaimer: this website contains imagery which is only suitable for audiences 18+. all surgery contains risks; understand surgery risks and complications here. before proceeding, you should seek a second opinion from an appropriately qualified health practitioner.
note: all deposits paid for surgery bookings are non-refundable. 

 







 


















back to top



ashbury cosmetic clinic 








© ashbury cosmetic clinic 2025website design by headway information services 

























 





						   laser liposuction					








 





						   varicose & spider veins					








 





						   mini facelift					








 





						   male breast reduction					




 





 
 










book a consultation 




looking for cosmetic doctors in brisbane or on the gold coast that can perform breast augmentation, liposuction, tummy tuck, varicose vein removal, or tattoo removal? ashbury cosmetics can help you. 




this website contains imagery which is only suitable for audiences 18+. all surgery contains risks; understand surgery risks and complications here. 

 









learn more












contact us
















 
 


 



















 

