










home | national nanotechnology initiative




































































































































      skip to main content
    











   an official website of the united states government.



























nnco navigation


about nanotechnologynational nanotechnology initiativeevents & initiativesnews & impactreports & resources











about nnco






search

































 new smart sensor takes the pain out of wound monitoring 
researchers have developed a new type of flexible sensor that can accurately measure both temperature and physical strain simultaneously but separately, potentially enabling better wound healing monitoring.

view details











 a new approach to efficient optoelectronics, inspired by the human eye 
scientists are developing a “nanoscale hybrid” optical sensor that consumes less energy than most optical sensors. the new sensor is highly sensitive in part because its nanoscale components are smaller than the wavelength of light. 

view details











 printable nanoparticles enable mass production of wearable biosensors 
researchers have developed a technique for inkjet-printing arrays of special nanoparticles that enables the mass production of long-lasting wearable sweat sensors. these sensors could be used to monitor a variety of biomarkers in real time.

view details











 surprising longevity of nanoparticle paste offers hope for surgery-sparing technique 
scientists have developed a nanotechnology-based drug delivery system to save patients from repeated surgeries. the approach would allow surgeons to apply a paste of nanoparticles on transplanted veins to prevent the formation of harmful blockages inside the veins. 

view details











 experiential and multidisciplinary learning and education (example) convening (march 27, 2025) 
this convening, which will be held in washington, dc, will highlight education programs across federal agencies and offices to increase awareness, share lessons learned, and identify needs. 

view details











 nni environmental, health, and safety (ehs) research strategy: 2024 update 
the national nanotechnology coordination office has released an update to the 2011 nni ehs research strategy. the challenges and opportunities outlined in this document build on the advances of two decades of nanoehs research. 

view details











 nni supplement to the president’s 2025 budget 
the national nanotechnology coordination office has released the nni supplement to the president’s 2025 budget, which documents the progress and plans of the nni-participating agencies towards addressing the goals and objectives of the nni.

view details


















about nanotechnologynational nanotechnology initiativeevents & initiativesnews & impactreports & resources






























the vision of the national nanotechnology initiative (nni) is a future in which the ability to understand and control matter at the nanoscale leads to ongoing revolutions in technology and industry that benefit society.







 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



























quick links





publicationsa database of nni publications and brochures, workshop and technical reports, and a variety of additional resources.





meetings and events
nni coordinates, sponsors and manages meetings and workshops on a wide range of topics.
 





featured postexperiential and multidisciplinary learning and education (example) convening (march 27, 2025 - washington, d.c.)





nanotechnology anniversary symposium
this symposium was held on march 5 in washington, dc.



















news from the nni community





february 16, 2025
metastable marvel: x-rays illuminate an exotic material transformation 
february 05, 2025
physicists measure a key aspect of superconductivity in ‘“agic-angle” graphene 
february 05, 2025
stormwater pollution sucked up by specialized sponge 
february 03, 2025
copper ‘nanoflowers’ bloom on artificial leaves for clean fuel production 
february 03, 2025
printable molecule-selective nanoparticles enable mass production of wearable biosensors  



more »




















nano.gov home  |  contact us 





    



















national nanotechnology coordination office
2415 eisenhower avenue
alexandria, va 22314

202-517-1050
www.nano.gov 












about nanotechnology
national nanotechnology initiative
events & initiatives
news & impact
reports & resources












copyright information 
privacy policy 
link policy
about nni logo and nnco seal














name



first



last





email




            captcha
          





get new captcha!



what code is in the image?


      enter the characters shown in the image.
    



























official website of the united states national nanotechnology initiative
































































