

























please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility















hotel in west ocean city md | comfort suites ocean city

























 






 




















 (410) 213-7171


 official website











suites

amenities

deals

explore

restaurants

events

ocean city boardwalk

ocean downs casino

ocean city convention center

assateague island



festivals

photos

groups

location


book now





















welcome to our hotel in west ocean city

discover the possibilities at our relaxing hotel in west ocean city, ideally located close to the ocean city boardwalk and beach, yet away from the traffic of the main drag. plan the best family vacation, business trip, or beach getaway to comfort suites ocean city. we offer the best rates in the area, ideal for groups looking to stay just minutes from the beach and find the best value in our seaside resort town.  

health & safety updates
the comfort suites ocean city wants to assure you that your health, safety and comfort remain our highest priority during your stay!
learn more about the precautionary measures we're taking to protect our guests.


content blocksour location
location is everything for the modern traveler. our ocean city hotel’s unique location places guests only 1.5 miles from the ocean city convention center and less than 1 mile from the beach and boardwalk. easily visit ocean city’s number one attraction to swim, fish, boat, and cruise down the boardwalk.
what else can you visit? enjoy easy access to ocean city’s sports minor park, the wilderness of assateague island, and towns like salisbury and berlin.  
why choose comfort suites
make the smart choice when booking your next trip to ocean city, the east coast’s favorite seaside resort town.
 kid-friendly amenities like our outdoor pool with a waterslide and adjacent playground.
 complimentary perks like free hot breakfast and a bbq picnic area.
 earn and redeem points with the choice privileges reward program.
 stay connected with free high-speed wi-fi.
 receive impeccable and personalized service.
 save more with the best hotel deals in the area.
 travel with the whole family, including pets!  
book your stay today at our wonderful hotel in west ocean city, maryland! 
pool update:  we would like to let our guests know, that we recently made changes to outdoor pool.  the comfort suites splash pool will no longer feature a slide and tumble bucket, but we ensure we are still going to have loads of fun this summer!
















stay just minutes from the famous ocean city beach and boardwalk.




enjoy our outdoor pool, water slide, playground, and arcade games room!




your home away from home with the most affordable rates in town.


















comfort suites ocean city 


 12718 ocean gateway, 21842 ocean city (united states)


 (410) 213-7171
 email















contact

reviews

hotel policies

pet friendly

privacy policy

cookie policy

choice privileges

sitemap

by bookassist











homecontactlocationroomsbook now










































