

home
                | nutrasource








































skip to main content








☰





linkedin
twitter
email sign up


contact














solutions





product development strategy


regulatory consulting 


clinical trials


analytical testing


bioanalytical testing


omega-3 blood testing


scientific communication services






unlock your product’s potential


project management


theoretical product review


clinical development strategy


pre-clinical program management


dietary supplement to drug strategy








global market access solutions


compliance consulting


health claims substantiation


scientific literature reviews


product classification


nutrition facts panel review


technical label review


new drug submissions (nds) and new drug applications (nda)


abbreviated new drug submissions (ands) and abbreviated new drug applications (anda)


asia pacific to north america strategy




canadian market access


natural health product (nhp) licensing


conventional food and supplemented food reviews


natural health product (nhp) master file submissions


natural health product (nhp) site licensing


drug establishment licensing


veterinary health products


front-of-package (fop) nutrition labelling


novelty determination and novel food application




u.s. market access


generally recognized as safe (gras)


new dietary ingredient notifications (ndin)


medical food applications


dietary supplement formula and label review


food color and additive petitions


dietary supplement structure/function claims substantiation








participate in a clinical trial


investigators


clinical trials participant recruitment




strategically design your trial


clinical project management


clinical trial design


feasibility studies


indications and expertise




achieve regulatory authorizations


clinical regulatory affairs




optimize your trial execution


early clinical development


phase ii/iii clinical trials


phase iv clinical trials


rescue studies


site selection and management


monitoring




analyze & report your results


bioanalytics


medical affairs and pharmacovigilance


data management


biostatistics




maximize clinical service solutions


full-service solutions


functional services


pharmacy


archiving


study start-up




leverage our on-site capabilities


on-site clinical trial services


recruitment


early phase (phase i and ii) clinical trials


facilities








confirm potency & characterization


active ingredient testing


nutrition analysis


physical property testing


species identification




verify purity & stability


stability testing


microbial contaminant testing


heavy metals testing


herbicides and pesticides testing


radiation testing


oxidation testing


allergen testing




achieve market certifications


certification programs




support your pharmaceutical development


in vitro release testing (ivrt)


analytical method development


quality control release testing


formulation validation support testing








substantiate your unique product claim


assay method development, validation, and transfers


preclinical and clinical bioanalysis


large molecule analysis









markets


dietary supplements and natural health products


pharmaceuticals


probiotics


omega-3s


cannabis and cbd


herbs and botanicals


vitamins and minerals


fats and oils


raw materials and ingredients


foods and beverages


medical foods


biologics


medical devices


cosmetics and cosmeceuticals


agricultural products


pet food and animal supplements


veterinary health products


combination products




product certifications


nutrastrong™


international fish oil standards (ifos™)


international krill oil standards (ikos™)


international algal oil standards (iaos™)


international gmo evaluation and notification  program (igen™)


international probiotic testing program (ipro™)


radioactivity tested & certified™




resources


blog


case studies


events


news


whitepapers, articles, and e-books


nutrastrong podcast


webinars




about


who we are


our story


what we do


teams 


mission vision values


corporate memberships


careers


sgs nutrasource companies


contact


media kit


gallery











are you a clinical trial participant?  click here to view current studies.







your market access partner
from concept to claim

explore our solutions






 

commercializing your innovations since 2002
sgs nutrasource is a leading nutraceutical and pharmaceutical life sciences company focused on helping clients commercialize health and wellness products. in addition to a unique offering of clinical trial management, strategic and regulatory support services along with a state-of-the-art clinical trial site, sgs nutrasource offers a series of third-party natural ingredient product certification programs (nutrastrong™, ifos™, ikos™, iaos™, igen™, ipro™, and radioactivity tested & certified™.)
discover our capabilities






how we can help






pet food and supplements







dietary supplements and natural health products







vitamins and minerals







probiotics







foods and beverages







pharmaceuticals









what's your pathway to market?





research & development

 


regulatory strategy

 


clinical research

 


claims & certifications

 


testing solutions




see how we’ve helped clients bring their products to life







2002
 year founded



3,000+
projects successfully completed



40+
health indications we have experience in



7,000+ 
clinical trial participants in database



235+
scientific publications



1,700+
clinical trials completed across our team



250+
clinical sites across north america



2,000+
clients represented








our team is your competitive advantage
struggling with a unique regulatory or research problem? need guidance on a specific health indication? let our in-house team of over 150 experts across all areas of product development help you achieve your goals. from regulatory affairs, clinical research, pharmaceutical science, quality assurance, data management and more, if you have challenge, we have a solution.
meet our team

 





join us at the top health product events!




natural products expo west 2024
march 12, 2024
join us in anaheim for npew 2024
read more

 


chpa self care leadership summit 2024
march 18, 2024
join us in jacksonville 
read more



see all events






recent posts

master files: what are they and when to use them
march 05, 2024
master files can be a strategic asset to your ingredient regulatory strategy. learn more about what they are and how to use them in this recent blog.
read more



latest news

btc receives an acknowledgement letter following ndi notification for fermengin
december 19, 2024
fermented red ginseng ingredient qualifies under the definition of dietary ingredient
read more



white papers

the pivotal role and representation of diverse women in dietary supplement research studies
january 29, 2024
uncover the challenges of underrepresentation, explore the impact of biological differences on nutritional needs, and gain insights for more inclusive and applicable studies. 
read more











i have managed clinical trials for the last 20+ years and choosing to work with nutrasource has proven to be one of the best decisions i’ve made for running studies. they have years and years of experience, which means we can brainstorm best practices, study designs, outcome measures, along with identifying best places to run studies, etc. they take out the guesswork, provide excellent guidance in areas where i may not have expertise, manage trials, follow the most stringent legal and regulatory requirements for human studies, and deliver results! they make sure the integrity of the research stays intact and deliver excellence every time. there simply is no better cro!susie rockway, phd, facn, cns | vp, nutrition and scientific affairs at nestle health science


cyanotech has worked with nutrasource on many fronts and we have continually been impressed. nutrasource provides exceptional customer service and expertise. their team members are top notch. they streamline the health canada nhp application process, and also offer an excellent qa-regulatory partnership for us based companies selling into canada. this extension of services from nhp licensing to receipt and release of health products into the canadian market is fluid, functional and ultimately smart business. the nutrasource team is totally on top of it, organized and fun to work with! i highly recommend their services.– jennifer johansen, vp of quality, regulatory & government affairs at cyanotech


we were pleased to collaborate with nutrasource on our low dose clinical trial for our prebiotic resistant starch ingredient, solnul™. they were able to achieve our expedited timeline using a unique regulatory strategy and their upfront budgeting was very accurate, leading to minimal change orders.  we also benefited from nutrasource’s in-house data management, which made communication with the team quicker and more efficient.  what really helped us in this trial was the efficiency and transparency of the project management team.  given the success of this project, we now use nutrasource for other services, including north american regulatory consulting.  it has been fantastic working with a confident partner who offers such a wide scope of services.- jason bush, ph.d., chief scientific officer at solnul™


having been in business since 1965, carlson is a pioneering brand in the u.s. and global natural product industry. the carlson name is seen as synonymous with quality. the ifos and igen certifications give us the ability to educate consumers and doctors with real testing data for issues that are of concern with marine oils: freshness, potency, purity, and gmos. the ability of the end user to go to the certifications by nutrasource website and see the test results for their preferred product is a definite competitive advantage in our marketing. we are not the only excellent brand of fish oils, but with ifos and igen, certification we feel we are second to none.- jolie root, senior nutritionist and educator at carlson laboratories













connect with us












need a market strategy partner?
whether it's new or existing, food or pharmaceutical, early or late in the product lifecycle, or at any stage in the supply chain – we’ll tackle your toughest scientific problems so that you can launch safe, effective, high-quality products to better people’s lives.
schedule a call










get a quote




privacy policy
accessibility
sign up for our newsletter





facebook
linkedin
twitter





©  2025 nutrasource









nutrasource is now part of sgs



© copyright 2025 nutrasource








   
