 





standard schnauzer club of america web site





 
 









































































 



  click to view a special message from lisa klepp.


 the 2021 national specialty committee was just informed that 
 the gloucester and virginia kennel clubs have made the 
 executive decision to cancel the first colony cluster in 
 richmond, va in june of 2021
 


 as a result, the ssca 2021 national specialty is postponed.



 the 2021 national committee is currently working on an alternate site at a later date
 in 2021 and will have an update within 2 weeks


updates will be sent to members via email, posted on the 
ssca website, and on  the  ssca and other facebook sites.
 


i know this is disappointing news for the many members 
who planned to join us this summer. be assured that  we 
are doing all we can to make arrangements that will allow 
this east coast national to go ahead.  


we are continuing to accept trophy donations and plan to 
offer specialty store items as well. check ssca website for 
details. 


in the meantime, all of you stay safe and well and thank 
you for your support. 


regards,
lisa klepp 
2021 ssca national specialty show chair 

click the black diamond above to close this box.








 where we are  

						standard schnauzer club membersare all over the world.
					







							we provide to the general public information and news concerning the:
						

breeding
care
training
showing

 of standard schnauzers.
						



 



 who we are   

						we are a group of people that encourage and promote quality  of the 
						purebred standard schnauzers and we do all that is possible to bring 
						their natural qualities to perfection.
					

						we promote the standard schnauzer as a companion dog, a performance dog, and a show dog.
					


 why we are   

						the standard schnauzer club of america was established to protect and advance the interest of 
						our breed by encouraging good 
						sportsmanship among the owners, breeders, and fanciers of the standard schnauzer.
						we conduct licensed specialty shows under the rules of the american kennel club.
					
 looking for a breeder ?   

						click here to find a standard schnauzer breeder  in your neck of the woods.
					

 ssca awards contact people   

contact info for ssca regional reps 



 2020 ss division points   

akc 2020 ss division points  



 national specialties  
pvssc ssca national specialty  
sscnc ssca national specialty 





 



 


 








