







homepage - brooklyn navy yard








































  skip to content












 

about

who we are
meet our executives
board of directors
corporate documents


visit

directions + maps
market @77 food hall
exhibitions + installations
programs + tours
private events + film shoots
public spaces


leasing

why lease at the yard?
leasing opportunites
incentives
current developments + master plan


yard businesses

meet our businesses
shop our businesses
hiring support
yard labs


jobs

jobs w/yard businesses
jobs w/bnydc
internship opportunities
contract opportunities
training opportunities


media

media center
archives
history of the yard











    a place to build your future
  





about us
the brooklyn navy yard is the center of urban manufacturing and innovation. a one-of-a-kind ecosystem housing 500+ businesses over 300 acres. with a legacy dating back to the early 1800s, the brooklyn navy yard has played a pivotal role in shaping american history, from its origins as a naval shipyard to its transformation into a dynamic industrial park.



      who we are
  























join the yard
leasing at the brooklyn navy yard presents an exceptional opportunity for businesses seeking a thriving and supportive environment. the yard offers an array of compelling economic development incentives, making it an attractive choice for companies looking to establish or expand their operations.



      why lease at the yard? 
  























visit us
the yard has more opportunities for public access than ever. building 77 and building 92 offer tours, brooklyn-made food, and a view of modern manufacturing in action.



      plan your visit
  























stay up-to-date with the yard

        get updates
      






sign up here to stay up-to-date with our public programs and events happening on the yard.
if you work at the yard and are interested in receiving our tenant newsletter, please email businessservices@bnydc.org
 

email

name


first



last

captcha
  

























directions & map
internships
development of the yard
tenant directory
corporate documents
jobs at bnydc
available spaces
privacy policy





about
bnydc’s mission is to fuel new york city’s economic vitality by creating and preserving quality jobs, growing the city’s modern industrial sector and its businesses, and connecting the local community with the economic opportunity and resources of the yard.



contact
building 77
141 flushing avenue, suite 801
brooklyn, ny 11205
 
info@bnydc.org
718-907-5900 (phone)
718-643-9296 (fax)



connect







 @bklynnavyyard













 @bklynnavyyard













 /brooklynnavyyard













 brooklyn navy yard












we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however you may visit cookie settings to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.






                                functional                            


functional




functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







                                performance                            


performance




performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







                                analytics                            


analytics




analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







                                advertisement                            


advertisement




advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







                                others                            


others




other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













save & accept









































