





strange brewing - strange brew home making and wine making.





















































skip to content





 

strange brewing

strange brew home making and wine making.


 


home
blog
tastiest wine

home brewing


legal policy
let’s talk
 




search for:



 







home
blog
tastiest wine

home brewing


legal policy
let’s talk


search for:





 

















welcome to strange brewing






our objective is to produce consistently high-quality wines for consumers by combining taste, experience, and modern technology. wines of the greatest caliber can only be produced in vineyards that are robust, balanced,
and well-maintained.







know more






















all wine making






our services are centered on your demands and may cover all areas of winemaking and cellaring, from choices made in the vineyard to maximize fruit quality through the wine-drinking experience for consumers. come view all of our unique metal wall art and enjoy some wine.




















red wines
dark-colored grape types are used to make red wine, a particular sort of wine. the wine's hue can range from a deep violet that is typical of young wines to brick red and brown for older red wines.


















white wines
white wine is a transparent or light golden-colored alcoholic beverage that is often produced from grapes with light peel. the non-colored pulp of grapes is fermented into white wine using alcohol.


















fruit wines
other than grapes, other fruits can also be used to make fruit wines, which are fermented alcoholic beverages that can also include tastes from other fruits, flowers, and herbs.

















simplest beer making






to maintain complete traceability of every winery operation, we use a software system. best production techniques are used in our winery and cellar operations to focus on essential quality standards for both internal and external customers. the founders of the company were originally in the junk removal business, so they know how to put all of the proper logistics in place.







try now


































brew your own bottling & kegging 






when you invest in strange brewing, you put our extensive knowledge of the wine industry and our practical expertise to work for you, assisting you in your pursuit of excellence in vineyard operations.







learn more



















satisfied customers











"i've used strange brewing for almost 10 years and have always been satisfied with them. they are a really helpful company that is always prepared to help and advice with the brewing and giving recommendations on their products."




















mary s. martin













"excellent service and quick delivery. i have utilized them frequently and have always been pleased with the service. simple to prepare and store with no problems. i have no hesitation in recommending them."




















robert c. ray





















check out our latest updates











 
essential home brewing equipment
december 15, 2022december 26, 2022
 

 

home brewing is one of the growing trends in the alcohol consumption sector, which contributes to providing different kinds of drinks. by spending a medium-sized fortune to buy the equipment,…

read more 
how to make the tastiest wine at home
december 7, 2022january 11, 2023
 

 

the winemaking story started with a happy accident of mixing grapes with yeast! in theory, it sounds simple, just allowing nature to do its job, but to get the best-tasting…

read more

















brew better beer and wine today!






strange brewing can assist you whether you're seeking for expert winemaking services or knowledgeable consulting services for your own vineyard and winemaking operation.







book now



























					copyright © 2022 strange brewing | all rights reserved.
				












scroll to top










