


diana j limjoco-official site-bio site, media links,press releases, links to tv shows, photo albums, family history.

































in 1976, diana worked  closely with jacques cousteau for the cousteau society’s first  involvement day, which was one of the first events to teach how we were  polluting our oceans. jacques often visited diana in her home in  california.










 









home
|
my blogs
|
press
|
galleries
|
contact






related articles


newspaper & magazine


news and tv 






video gallery


family site 






my personal blog


my puerto princesa 


palawan places 


puerto princesa underground river 


tribute to my father 


tribute to my mother 


vintage family photos 


aiming for sustainability 


jewels of imelda marcos 


otters of palawan 


palawan pangolin 


musang or masked asian civet 


















 




   
               profile



diana j. limjoco is a 
                filipino-american entrepreneur, web 
                developer, photographer, woman’s advocate, 
                civic leader and cfo of digital web group 
                inc., a company specializing in web
                designing, development, hosting and seo (search engine optimization). only daughter of a prominent family from batangas, philippines.

                today, she is a pillar in business, civic works, private and public enterprises and an exemplary member of the many communities she has lived in and touched.





    photo gallery






 

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 

with celebrities
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



with politicians
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
   
    
    
    
   
    
    
    

    




    
    
    
    
helen belflower limjoco - mom
diana's role model and heroine
    
    
    
    
    




dr. gregorio teviño limjoco - grand father
    
    
    
ramon arguelles limjoco (col.retired) - dad
"he never ceases to amaze me."
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 





    highlights





gma 7 born to be wild june 22, 2014
interviewed in a tv show gma 7 born to be wild featuring my wonderful otters full story and photos - http://otters-of-palawan.blogspot.com





c! magazine may 2013 issue
dave's etrike project palawan is the exclusive feature. it's showcasing mayor edward hagedorn's pioneering etrike projects for clean air since 2007 and how dave took hagedorn's lead and developed 6 different prototypes for different terrains and load.





empowered women of achievement 2012 awardee

the gorgeous gown by goulle gorospe helped to set the mood as well as the beautiful lobby and tree at hotel centro.
dress by goule gorospe, photos by tone mcguire, shot at el centro hotel in puerto princesa city, palawan, hair and makeup by david's salon, ppc view more..





pnoy visits puerto princesa underground river 
in his thrust to promote the ppc underground river, mayor hagedorn flew in with president aquino to show him the nominee for the new 7 wonders of the world. from left: dave dewbre, diana limjoco, mayor edward hagedorn and president noynoy aquino. read more..





us ambassador thomas with etrike
us ambassador harry k. thomas jr. loved the electric trike and was kind enough to pose for us with it. helen limjoco to the left of the ambassador and diana and dave on the right. we hope to take him for a spin on his next visit. a very convivial fellow this new us ambassador indeed.





new etraxi(electric trike taxi)for ppc interntl airport.
aside from creating the etraxis, we will need to train many more electric mechanics. this will create many jobs when the 40 etraxis are up and running at the airport - http://www.squidoo.com/greentech-ecocenter-palawan. from left: dave and alyssa, mayor edward hagedorn, diana and helen limjoco





photoshoot for images asia magazine
february 2010 - images asia magazine website: http://www.imagesasiamagazine.com. which is hosted, maintained and designed by digital web group, inc. shot at lotus garden restaurant and suites one of our favorite restaurants in ppc
 



one of principal sponsors in richelle singson's wedding 
center, the newly weds, president gloria macapagal arroyo and far right vice president noli de castro. held in alabang january 4, 2010. view more photos
 



manny pacquiao victory party
with the boxing champ manny "pacman" pacquiao in his victory party after beating ricky hatton. december 9, 2009


 

net25 tv interview 
net25 tv homepage show host eunice marino interviewing me about how to start an online business in the philippines. nov 23, 2009
                  http://www.net-25.com view more photos





most inspirirng batangueña entrepreneur
given to me for establishing http://www.batangasnow.com/ by governor vilma santos recto in batangas city at the provincial auditorium nov 7, 2008. http://www.gonegosyo.net view more photos
 



extras in a tagalog movie
extras in a tagalog movie titled  "my boyfriend's girlfriend" which stars richard gutierrez, marian rivera, and ehra madrigal. view tthe trailer with us in it in youtube view more photos











news and tv



newspaper& 
                    magazine articles



videos






diana on gonegosyo's  55 inspiring women entrepreneurs of 2009. 





diana as most inspiring batangueno entrepreneur (2008) 








 
 						














 ©2007 - 2014 djl digital designs
























































