







coast to coast dachshund rescue













coast to coast dachshund rescue

home
donate
available dogs
about
adoption information
volunteer
shop
info & links
member login
contact us





coast to coast dachshund rescue
celebrating 25 years in rescue!est. 2000















available dogs
are you ready to adopt? view our available dogs and meet your new best friend!



adoption process
interested in adoption? fill out our application for a dog we have listed or for a future dog.



upcoming events
coast to coast dachshund rescue is nationwide so we have events that may be close to you!








see our available dogs
we have some wonderful dogs looking for their new home.
view all available dogs













a little information about coast to coast dachshund rescue
coast to coast dachshund rescue (ccdr) is a national non-profit 501(c)(3), all-volunteer organization dedicated to rescuing dachshunds and dachshund mixes from coast to coast. ccdr began in 2000 and has been very successful in achieving the goal to find loving families and forever homes for the dogs taken in. if you would consider adopting a dachshund and would like more information on the adoption process, please visit our adoption information page. you will not be sorry!coast to coast dachshund rescue, inc.p.o. box 147jacobus, pa 17407www.c2cdr.orginfo@c2cdr.org


















donations are always appreciated! 

we appreciate every single person who donates to us! like everything, vetting has become very expensive but we will always provide our rescues with complete veterinary care to make sure they're healthy. thank you for donating, we appreciate you! yes, i'd like to donate!







quick links






available dogs



adoption information



surrender a dog



volunteer



be a foster home



how to donate







foster homes - facebook - membership

rescue is so rewarding and there are many ways to keep up with coast to coast dachshund rescue!








be a foster home
we're always looking for dependable foster homes. if you're interested, please go to our foster information









follow us on facebook
keep up to date with what ccdr is doing on our facebook page.follow us on facebook









become a member
there is nothing more rewarding than helping a dog find a loving home. visit our membership page









view some of our wonderful dogs who have gone to fantastic homes!
thank you to everyone who adopted from us. we know your dogs are very much loved!!to visit the gallery, click on any picture below


























follow us

facebook







subscribe and keep up with ccdr.
* indicates required
email address *





        /* real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups */
        














thank you for adopting! it's so rewarding! coast to coast dachshund rescue!
established 2000














 www.c2cdr.org


 info@c2cdr.org


 coast to coast dachshund rescuep.o. box 147jacobus, pa 17407








coast to coast dachshund rescuep.o. box 147jacobus, pa 17407



home | about | donate | available dogs | adoption information | shop | info | member login | contact
hit counter #





copyright ©2024 coast to coast dachshund rescue, inc, all rights reserved.




search





this website may use cookies and external scripts. more informationi agree






dolly 24010/lily 24011
our gallery


adoption application


membership information
be a foster home


items we recommend


events
about the dachshund
akc standard
colors, varieties and patterns
links
resources
yummy dog treats
questions & answers
sitemap
blog


representatives
do you need to surrender a dachshund?
watch our psa! it's adorable

