









home - coa






































 


skip to content













































menu 
conventionsevents 2025 shell shows & related eventscoa trophyclubspublicationsgrantslibraryshellsconchologyconservationcollectingfaqslearn








 

























2025 coa convention
read more...


















join coa
coa membership includes novices, as well as advanced collectors, scientists and shell dealers from around the country and the world.
read more...


















events

2025 shell shows and related events






































june 2018 issue of american conchologist






enter the pages of the conchologist's information network (conch-net) and learn more about the fascinating hobby of seashells. or just browse through them and enjoy yourself. we've included material to educate you, entertain you, or just help you with your homework. and, whatever your shell needs, there's plenty of information about our organization as well.
the conchologists of america, better known as coa, is a society for shell enthusiasts from all walks of life, at all levels of interest. it is a tax-exempt educational non-profit organization under the provisions of article 501(c)(3) of the us internal revenue service code (tax id 112541695).
on these pages you'll find articles about shells from our printed publication, american conchologist, information about our annual convention and pertinent information about our grants program. then there are frequently asked questions about mollusks, a very helpful news of new species, and a kids' section. there's even a page of history and information about our logo, the spiral of neptunea whelks that you see at the top of this page. lots more awaits as you get caught up in the conch-net.































coa facebook













 










 
information
coa.org
coa constitution
coa bylaws
neptunea award
coa lifetime achievement award


 
coa contact
join coa
page curator
gift-in-kind to coa
code of ethics
stamp project


 
copyright © 1996-2019


 











×















