



swarm




















main page

from swarm


					jump to:					navigation, 					search

consult the mediawiki user's guide for information on using the wiki software.

contents

1 news

1.1 2024-05-07: director election


2 oldnews

2.1 2022-10-25: quasi-endowment
2.2 2022-02-22: officer election
2.3 2022-01-25: director election


3 swarm software for agent-based modeling
4 agent- and individual-based modeling resources
5 swarm development group
6 help


news
2024-05-07: director election
the current board was re-elected to another 2 year term. see the sdg_directors page.

oldnews
2022-10-25: quasi-endowment
now that we're re-instated as a valid 501(c)(3) with the irs (thanks to charitable allies for their help), we are pursuing a "quasi-endowment". our intention is to invest the remaining funds and use any dividends from that investment to support abm community members with conference registration fees, travel, etc. we will need to supplement that with donations, as well, because only a percentage of income can be from investment returns. once we have the investment set up, we'll have an indication of how much we'll need in donations, which will provide the kernel for a fund-raising objective.

2022-02-22: officer election
thanks to the exiting officers matteo morini & jim anderson! the new assignments are ed/president: glen ropella, vice president: gary an, treasurer: ted carmichael, secretary: roger burkhart.

2022-01-25: director election
thanks to the exiting directors asim zia, jim anderson, pietro terna, ivan garibay, steve railsback, and mirsad hadzikadic! the new board comprises: gary an, roger burkhart, ted carmichael, marcus daniels, matteo morini, and glen ropella.

swarm software for agent-based modeling
the main swarm page for the swarm software framework, documentation, and applications
new release of objective-c for windows produces windows-native executables! see using swarm on windows with mingw
email lists for support and modeling
agent- and individual-based modeling resources
resources for agent-based modeling. this area of the wiki is for information on agent-based modeling in general. this area is no longer maintained and we refer interested people to more up-to-date sites such as www.openabm.org
there is still information on:

agent-based modeling community resources
software (information on alternative platforms; learning materials; template models; integrated development environments)
"how and why to do agent-based modeling": techniques and theory
resources specific to different scientific domains
swarm development group
swarm development group (sdg)
contact information
help
 who can contribute to this wiki? how do you use it? how can you register to edit or add pages? see the faq about this wiki
 objectives and organization of this wiki: what can you find on this wiki, and what is appropriate to add to it, where?
 for general wiki help, see: http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:help
 for help editing the wiki, start with: http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/help:editing
 to experiment with editing the wiki without worrying about messing up articles, try the wiki sandbox
 swarmwiki:help help page for wiki administrators.



 
						retrieved from "http://www.swarm.org/w/index.php?title=main_page&oldid=2244"					
 



navigation menu


personal tools

log in 



namespaces

main page
discussion




variants









views

read
view source
view history



more







search



 







navigation


main pagerecent changesrandom pagehelp 



tools


what links hererelated changesspecial pagesprintable versionpermanent linkpage information 






 this page was last modified on 7 may 2024, at 12:39.


privacy policy
about swarm
disclaimers



 






