






dimension express - the single source for all your appliance dimension needs












































 








 





homeabout uspricingcontact uslog in
improve project profitability, reduce mistakes, and get the right specs the first time.
since 1993, dimension express has been the pioneer in appliance dimensions on-demand. now we’ve developed new tools, and a new interface, and improved our database to suit the needs of modern businesses. 
dimension express is still the single source for all your appliance dimension needs.
get startedall major manufacturers supported
 

 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 

 



whether you’re replacing a cabinet or building a housing development, dimension express has your back.
handymen
contractors
enterprise
select a planfounders story
it started out with an entire room filled with fax machines and one man’s vision.
dimension express started with a singular mission: to deliver the right specifications to handymen, contractors, businesses and enterprise so they can accomplish the job at hand. since 1993, we’ve been working with appliance manufacturers to provide people just like you with exactly what you need to deliver to your clients. we measure twice so you don’t have to.
learn about our companywe empower builders by helping improve productivity, reducing errors, and making it easier to find the dimensions they need.
get the right specs the first time.we work directly with manufacturers to get the right dimensions the first time.
access specs for 60,000+ models in one location.multiple jobs, one database – we’ve got all your appliance dimensions covered.
find the right appliances by cutout size.find the right appliance based on your unique space requirements.
customer service focused, family owned.started by a cabinet maker with a fax machine and an idea in 1993.
view, share & export custom pdf spec sheets.generate, save, and send custom dimension booklets for entire jobs, with ease.
white-labeling and api integration available.our enterprise-level plan can provide a custom platform for your entire company.
select a planfaqs
how can i contact dimension express?info@dexpress.com
dimension express
1547 palos verdes mall #324
walnut creek ca 94597-2228
how was dimension express developed?dimension express was started in 1993 by a cabinet maker who was frustrated by the process of gathering specification sheets – searching through catalogs, calling several different manufacturers for one job, waiting on hold with customer service, waiting for specs sent by mail and waiting for faxes that were ultimately illegible. with the support of various appliance manufacturers, dimension express was started: a database of dimension specifications, accessible via the internet or fax machine, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. the information in the system is manufacturer-approved and can be updated within 24 hours of a change (unlike catalogs and printed material). now, specifications for an entire job can be requested and received in a matter of minutes, and organized into one pdf booklet. over three decades later, dimension express has sent over 10 million data sheets to its users and has added manufacturer dimension guides, installation instructions, sales literature, support material and cad files to its database.
i cannot find the model for which i am searching?all information is approved by the manufacturer. we list everything that has been given to us. if the model’s manufacturer is not listed in the “manufacturer” pull down menu, we will not have the information. we are very busy trying to add all manufacturers and are currently undertaking a complete overhaul of our library, adding hundreds of models and manufacturers!

search by only the model number (nothing in the manufacturer or type fields).
remove a digit or two from the model you are looking for. this will broaden your search.
double check your appliance schedule and make sure you have not transposed any digits.
email us at support@dexpress.com





contact:support@dexpress.com
(925) 336-3842
mailing address:1547 palos verdes mall #324
walnut creek, ca 94597
navigation:home
about us
contact
legal:terms & conditions
privacy policy


 menu








