



	home






























menu 

 home
sign in
  members
  attorneys
explore courses
  bankruptcy courses
   credit management    
  money mastery
  contact us


















education is the great equalizer

866-200-6825










financial education courses





                    before filing: credit counseling$12 per household
                

                    after filing: debtor's education$12 per household
                







start first course


start second courseexisting members sign in here


moneysharp is a fully approved agency.*



master your credit aftera financial crisis








our simple and time tested coursewalks you through the steps of credit masteryafter job loss, foreclosure, eviction, repossession,bankruptcy, divorce or just wrecked credit.





money mastery
if you don't make plans for the money, someone else will.learn to master your money and take control of your future.







follow us:








* approved to issue certificates in compliance with the bankruptcy code. approval does not endorse or assure the quality of an agency's services. the united states trustee has reviewed our credit counseling and debtor education services. the us trustee has neither reviewed not approved any other services offered by moneysharp.


financial educationbankruptcy course version $12money sharp is a fully approved agency. we offer both pre-filing and post-filing bankruptcy courses.
rebuild financiallyour simple and time tested course walks your through the steps of rebuilding after a foreclosure or bankruptcy.
money masteryif you don't make plans for the money you earn, someone else will. learn to master your money and take control of your future.



financial experts with local and national influence, featured on:












important links
home
course - bankruptcy pre & post
course - rebuild financially
course - money mastery

your privacy
disclosures
privacy policy
terms of use


members
new users - sign up
members - login
members - verify email id
members - forgot password
members - faq
new attorneys - sign up
attorneys - login
attorneys - verify email id
attorneys - forgot password


contact us
moneysharp credit counseling inc.
203 n. lasalle
suite 2100
chicago, il 60601

ph: 1-866-200-6825
fax: 1-866-201-2215
toll free number 1-866-200-6825
call time: mon-thu 8am - 10pm cst
fri 8am - 6pm cst
sat 9am - 5pm cst
sun 9am - 10pm cst




© copyright 2025. moneysharp inc.
















modal title
















