














nevada incorporation - incorporation & registered agent in any state


























































  skip to content




navigation






incorporation
& registered agent





            702-871-8678
          

las vegas office is open 8am-4:30pm pst


              our office will open in 1 hour 10 minutes. 8am-4:30pm pst






login









incorporate in any state
registered agent in any state
open a business account
learning center
contact
 
incorporate in all 50 states 
our most popular are nevada and wyoming.
 alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new york
new mexico
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming



nevada corporation order now(inc., ltd., co., corp., limited, corporation)
nevada llc order nowlimited liability company (l.l.c., llc, lc)
start a business account with cheqlysend, receive and store your money
company name check
nevada registered agent
nevada annual report(list of officers)
nevada mail forwarding
virtual office $45/month
company minutes
corporate & llc kits
ein (tax id)
s corporation filing
additional servicesamendments, dbas, dissolutions, apostille etc.
start business in nevada
form an llc in nevada
nevada llc and inc
nevada business license
difference between llc & inc

















nevada corporation total only $878.00
including nevada state initial filing fee $789 and $89 fee for checking name availability,preparing nevada state-approved articles of incorporation, filing articles with state, sending articles to you.
apply for cheqly business account after you incorporate your company

$75 – nevada state filing fee
$89 – checking name availability, preparing state-approved articles of incorporation, filing articles with state
$695 – nv initial list and state business license
$19 – nevada state payment processing fee
free – cheqly business account – send and receive money, get your visa card. open your business account online.
free – company bylaws and ready to fill stock certificates included, meeting of shareholders minutes, reminders about annual renewals through inccontact





set up
corporation




set up
limited liability company












once your company is set up, you will need:

tax id (ein) – free over the internet or phone.
initial list – the initial list is required to open a bank account. as of november 1st, 2017, the nevada secretary of state requires that when you order your articles of incorporation/corporation, you will need to file your initial list also.
company minutes & stock certificates – are included in incorporation. you will have access to documents generated on your client account.










annual requirements for nevada corporations:

annual list of officers and directors (or managers) we will remind you when the list is due and can file it for you.
state business license and it is renewed together with annual list.
nevada commerce tax – due in august.
registered agent annual fee is $89, but if you pre-pay, we give you additional years for only $40.
annual minutes for meetings of directors and shareholders. free forms included on your account or full service provided.










time to set up a company
the time taken to process your corporation formation documents with routine processing usually takes 4 – 6 weeks. that’s why we are offering free expedited processing in nevada for articles of organization and registration with us.
after all, we understand the importance of a timely business setup. take advantage of our free expedited processing offer in nevada today and get your company up and running in no time. don’t miss out on this opportunity – contact us now to get started and experience a seamless and efficient formation process!









advantages
incorporation of businesses in nevada is on the basis of the nevada corporate privacy statutes, started in 1991 based on corporate statutes delaware. this ensured a dramatic increase in new incorporations in nevada. some of the advantages of forming a corporation in the state of nevada include:

nevada does not tax the income of state’s citizens and corporations
nevada corporations are not subjected to hidden taxes like capital stock taxes, franchise taxes, or even inventory taxes.
in nevada, sales tax is applicable only on products that are sold within the state.
nevada has established a corporate structure that ensures owners and investors in nevada corporations enjoy increased privacy.
nevada is the only state in the usa that does not have a formal information-sharing agreement with the irs
nevada is also the only state which allows the issuing of bearer shares
in nevada, incorporation can take place without the need for any minimum initial capital
corporate directors and officers of a nevada corporation are protected from any type personal liability for lawful acts on behalf of corporation










nevada & wyoming mail forwarding
all mail that we receive on your behalf is entered into our system and scanned daily. we will immediately notify you by email once this process has been completed. you have the ability to select which articles of mail should be scanned. for example, you have the option to choose to have all incoming mail scanned automatically. or, you may choose to only have selected letters entered into the system (e.g. you may want to verify who the sender is before the article of mail is scanned into the system). we offer several flexible and low-cost plans for our re-mailing and scanning services.
nevada mail forwarding wyoming mail forwarding









nevada registered agent / resident agent
nevada state laws require business entities to maintain a resident agent physically located in nevada. nevada resident agent must be available during regular business hours. we are locally based in las vegas in our own building and will be happy to serve as your registered agent. we serve to thousands of companies since 2001!
don’t get fooled by companies claiming the lowest price and increasing it later. our pricing is very simple. we charge $89 per year. we also have few specials. whenever you decide to pre-pay additional years you get them for $40/year.
order online















interested in starting a business?
insert your e-mail and we will send you news about business.












please leave this field emptyyour e-mail *


check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
 






follow us on:















                  eastbiz.com, inc.
                


toll-free: (888) 284-3821
nevada phone number: (702) 871-8678
wyoming phone number: (307) 460-5009
fax: (702) 387-3827
office hours: 5 pm - 2 am cet
info@incparadise.com





questions & answerslearning center
blog
faq
business structures
about eastbiz.com, inc.
join our team
 

popular states for incorporationnevada
wyoming
delaware
california
texas
incorporate in any state
 

our servicesincorporate in any state
registered agent in any state
mail forwarding
virtual office
entity management software
partners
 
popular states for incorporationnevada
wyoming
delaware
california
texas
incorporate in any state
 




our nevada office is located at: 5348 vegas dr., las vegas, nv 89108



our wyoming office is located at: 1611 e 2nd st, casper, wy 82601




2024© eastbiz.com, inc. - all right reserved terms and conditions privacy policy


 

















































