











venofer® (iron sucrose) injection, usp | official site













skip navigation or skip to content










this website is intended for use by us healthcare professionals only.

full prescribing information
important safety information
contact us
















this website is intended for use by us healthcare professionals only.




about
                                
                                venofer
experience
safety


dosing &
                                
                                administration
access support

patient
                                
                                assistance
practice
                                
                                resources
ordering












actor portrayal





actor portrayal


















more than 30 million patient years of exposure with over 685 million units.2*
venofer® (iron sucrose) injection, usp is an established and effective treatment for chronic kidney disease (ckd) patients experiencing iron deficiency anemia (ida).
about venofer




venofer provides iv iron therapy for the treatment of ida in adult and pediatric patients 2 years and older with ckd. the dosing for iron replacement treatment in pediatric patients with peritoneal dialysis-dependent ckd, hemodialysis-dependent ckd, or non-dialysis-dependent ckd has not been established.
*patient years are calculated based on an estimated annual cumulative dose of 2,000 mg administered. 2 a unit is a 100 mg iron equivalent sold.








dosing & administrationfind venofer dosing and administration instructions for adult and pediatric patients with ckd.


vials not actual size









ar assist patient assistance program
american regent® created the ar assist patient assistance program to provide venofer free of charge to eligible patients who lack insurance coverage or who are underinsured with demonstrated financial need.
providers (hospitals, physicians, or infusion centers) may apply to the program on behalf of their patients.
details & formsamerican regent, inc. reserves the right to modify or cancel the program immediately with respect to any patient, or in its entirely, at any time. additional terms and conditions apply.


coding & reimbursement support
find venofer coding and reimbursement information.
coding & reimbursementreimbursement assistance
ar assist is a service designed to help physicians and other providers understand payers’ coverage and reimbursement policies for venofer.
877-448-4766
monday through friday, from 9 am to 8 pm et







references

1. iqvia. nsp audit [march 2017 to february 2023].
2. data on file. iron sucrose periodic safety update report, 2023. american regent, inc.
                        










important safety information








for intravenous use only
indication and usage
venofer® (iron sucrose) injection, usp is indicated for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia (ida) in patients with chronic kidney disease (ckd).
important safety information
dosage and administration
pediatric patients (2 years of age and older)
the dosing for iron replacement treatment in pediatric patients with peritoneal or hemodialysis-dependent - ckd or non-dialysis dependent ckd have not been established.
contraindications
known hypersensitivity to venofer.
warnings and precautions
serious hypersensitivity reactions, including anaphylactic-type reactions, some of which have been life-threatening and fatal, have been reported in patients receiving venofer. patients may present with shock, clinically significant hypotension, loss of consciousness and/or collapse. if hypersensitivity reactions or signs of intolerance occur during administration, stop venofer immediately. monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypersensitivity during and after venofer administration for at least 30 minutes and until clinically stable following completion of the infusion. only administer venofer when personnel and therapies are immediately available for the treatment of serious hypersensitivity reactions. most reactions associated with intravenous iron preparations occur within 30 minutes of the completion of the infusion.
venofer may cause clinically significant hypotension. monitor for signs and symptoms of hypotension following each administration of venofer. hypotension following administration of venofer may be related to rate of administration and/or total dose delivered.
excessive therapy with parenteral iron can lead to excess storage of iron with the possibility of iatrogenic hemosiderosis. all adult and pediatric patients receiving venofer require periodic monitoring of hematologic and iron parameters (hemoglobin, hematocrit, serum ferritin and transferrin saturation). do not administer venofer to patients with evidence of iron overload. transferrin saturation (tsat) values increase rapidly after intravenous administration of iron sucrose; do not perform serum iron measurements for at least 48 hours after intravenous dosing.
adverse reactions
adult patients: the most common adverse reactions (≥2%) include diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, headache, dizziness, hypotension, pruritus, pain in extremity, arthralgia, back pain, muscle cramp, injection site reactions, chest pain and peripheral edema.
pediatric patients: the most common adverse reactions (≥2%) are headache, respiratory tract viral infection, peritonitis, vomiting, pyrexia, dizziness, cough, nausea, arteriovenous fistula thrombosis, hypotension and hypertension.
post-marketing experience
because these reactions are reported voluntarily from a population of uncertain size, it is not always possible to reliably estimate their frequency or establish a causal relationship to drug exposure. in post-marketing safety studies of venofer in 1,051 patients with hdd-ckd, adverse reactions reported by >1% were cardiac failure congestive, sepsis and dysgeusia.

immune system disorders: anaphylactic-type reactions, angioedema
psychiatric disorders: confusion
nervous system disorders: convulsions, collapse, light-headedness, loss-of-consciousness
cardiovascular system: bradycardia, shock, acute myocardial ischemia with or without myocardial infarction or with in-stent thrombosis in the context of a hypersensitivity reaction
respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders: bronchospasm, dyspnea
musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders: back pain, swelling of the joints
renal and urinary disorders: chromaturia
general disorders and administration site conditions: hyperhidrosis

symptoms associated with venofer total dosage or infusing too rapidly included hypotension, dyspnea, headache, vomiting, nausea, dizziness, joint aches, paresthesia, abdominal and muscle pain, edema and cardiovascular collapse. these adverse reactions have occurred up to 30 minutes after the administration of venofer injection. reactions have occurred following the first dose or subsequent doses of venofer. slowing the infusion rate may alleviate symptoms.
injection site discoloration has been reported following extravasation. assure stable intravenous access to avoid extravasation.
drug interactions
venofer may reduce the absorption of concomitantly administered oral iron preparations.
use in specific populations
pregnancy: risk summary-clinical considerations
untreated ida in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal outcomes such as post-partum anemia. adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with ida include increased risk for preterm delivery and low birth weight. 
severe adverse reactions including circulatory failure (severe hypotension, shock including in the context of anaphylactic reaction) may occur in pregnant women with parenteral iron products (such as venofer) which may cause fetal bradycardia, especially during the second and third trimester.
geriatric use
dose administration to an elderly patient should be cautious, reflecting the greater frequency of decreased hepatic, renal or cardiac function, and of concomitant disease or other drug therapy.
for additional safety information, please see full prescribing information.
you are encouraged to report adverse drug events to american regent, inc. at 1-800-734-9236 or to the fda by visiting www.fda.gov/medwatch or calling 1-800-fda-1088.
ref-0262  6/2022










this website is intended for use by us healthcare professionals only.

                                    venofer® and the venofer logo are registered trademarks of vifor (international) inc., switzerland. venofer is manufactured under license from vifor (international) inc., switzerland.

                                    ©2024 american regent, inc.®  pp-ve-us-0016 (v8.0)
                                












home
contact us
privacy policy
terms of use
site map
full prescribing information
safety data sheet












are you a us healthcare professional?
this site contains information for licensed healthcare professionals in the united states. by entering this website, you acknowledge that you are a licensed healthcare professional practicing in the united states.

yes










