



austin, chicago hospital |loretto hospital























if you are in need of charity care, please see our patient portal.






search



contact







menu













(773) 626-4300


645 south central avenue,
						chicago,
						il 60644











make a donation

patient portal

find a doctor

contact us






about us





board of trustees

community calendar

compliance

executive officers

history

in the news

loretto hospital foundation

make a donation

my loretto health portal

our mission & core values

our videos

patient stories

reviews





our services





behavioral health services

cancer screenings

critical care

dental care

diabetes care

emergency medicine

eye care

general medicine

hearing services

heart & vascular health

laboratory

medical/surgery

nutritional services

orthopedics & podiatry

pharmacy

physical, occupational & speech therapy

pulmonary & respiratory care

radiology/diagnostic imaging

senior services

social services

specialty services

surgical services

women’s wellness center





patients & visitors





visitor information

accepted insurance

financial assistance

leave a review

medical records

pastoral care services

tell us your story

transportation service

your health & wellness

your rights as a patient

quality





careers





benefits

healthcare professionals

internships & training

nursing opportunities

physician recruitment

search jobs

third party recruiter policy

volunteers

clinical rotations





medical education





psychiatry residency program





covid-19 information





self-assessment











773-626-4300




















women’s wellness center
dedicated to empowering women through education and awareness

learn more 














free mammograms
for austin and surrounding communities

learn more 














community cupboard
addressing food insecurity

donate now 














newly renovated physical therapy unit
providing comprehensive rehabilitation services

learn more 














loretto cares
providing quality healthcare since 1923

about loretto hospital 














ourpatients
focusing on patient-centered care

more information 














our services
meeting the needs of our community

see all services 














ourcommunity
serving the austin community for 90+ years

our history 














medical education & clinical rotations
serving as an institution of learning

learn more 















						awards &
						accreditations
					





















 our community of
providers
dedicated to administering exceptional quality & patient care.










m.s. bhagavan

internal medicine

view profile





































kemberly briggs

emergency medicine

view profile





































pierre johnson

obstetrics & gynecology

view profile





































alan sadah

general surgery, men's health, urology

view profile






































 / 













loretto hospital

 we are an acute care community hospital that serves over 33,000 patients
	 each year from chicago's austin and surrounding communities. as a
	 not-for-profit, community-focused health care provider, we offer a unique,
	 patient-centered healthcare delivery system that promotes general wellness
	 and education in the communities we serve. through our partnerships with
	 physicians, research institutions, area residents and local businesses,
	 we strive daily to be your health care provider of choice.







how can we help you?







community health needs assessment






find a doctor






my health portal






financial assistance






make a donation






join our team






loretto hospital foundation






medical education






other locations











what our
patients say

view all testimonials












to whom it may concern: this is a letter of appreciation for the services that were given to my husband. at first—out of fear and past reputation of this hospital—we wanted to be transferred to a different facility. but god had a different plan. he had to show us that all of the past reputation of this hospital was misleading. all of the doctors and nurses were excellent. the housekeeping staff and the security guards were very understanding as well. we are grateful and thankful to have loretto hospital still here! i have to say thank you and may god continue to bless you.
family member of a patient





to whom it may concern: i want to thank the personnel and staff at loretto hospital. times, places and things change, and i thank god that this institution has withstood these changes. we need a hospital that cares and services our community. thank you and may god continue to shine on this institution.
hospital patient





dear sir: i want to compliment your entire staff and working team at loretto hospital for their cordial and genuine service to patients. all of your workers make individuals feel that they care and are always willing to assist and administer help in whatever capacity they can, to serve every patient that enters the doors of loretto hospital. i believe your staff of doctors are qualified to service the public with professionalism and serves the human spirit.
medical/surgery patient





i have been a resident of the austin community since 1965. and, i have been coming to loretto hospital since 1988. i moved away from the community and came right back. but even when i moved away, i still came to loretto. i was diagnosed with cancer here; so i have had a few surgeries here as well, one in 1989 and the second surgery was in 2010. i am doing well. i am still here after 24 years. i trust this hospital. they are doing a lot of new things here. now they provide transportation for patients. my doctors check on me. the doctors at northwestern, uic and rush are also here. this is a step in the right direction. we should support this community and this hospital. we need this hospital in this community. i don’t appreciate having to go somewhere else to get a service i can get right here. i believe we just need to make people accountable to do what they are supposed to do to bring us the service that we deserve.
cancer patient





i came to loretto to receive treatment and i was also hiding out because i owed so many people money to support my habit. but the addiction center actually saved my life; and, my life has never been the same. i am now a volunteer. patients mean so much to me. rain, sleet or snow, i’m here every wednesday, on sunday’s after church and on some holidays. where ever i go, i talk about loretto. i come up here sometimes when i’m feeling lonely but when i start helping other people i no longer remember my own problems. i feel better as i help patients to feel better. i’m still here by the grace of god. i am looking for 15 more years. thanks to loretto.
former addictions patient





i wasn’t sure about coming here because i had heard such bad things!” annette green, a recent heart patient, said about loretto. i used to always say, take me to mt. sanaii. don’t take me to loretto. but since i’ve been here, they [referring to calandra moore and other attending clinical staff] have been very nice to me. my doctor [dr. dasilva] has taken really good care of me. loretto hospital is a good hospital. i will definitely come back.
cardiology patient





my heart was pumping so hard and i couldn’t breathe. my nurse (latania parks-hamilton) has been so good with helping me. the doctors here (loretto) have been diligent about getting tests done and finding the best route to treat me. i definitely feel much better since i’ve come to loretto.
cardiomyopathy patient





i came to work that day and just felt very sick. i had symptoms of having a heart attack. so i went down to the emergency room and that’s when i found out that i was having a mild heart attack. i had already started exercising and changing my diet. but i needed to do more of it. i had a chance to meet with the doctors here and they really stressed me developing a healthy lifestyle. i can honestly say that the doctors here were excellent. they really took care of me. i have an excellent cardiologist, dr. e. gaddam. i’m just blessed that i didn’t have to have surgery. dr. e. gaddam is helping me to watch my diet and has prescribed the proper medications. i’m doing what he says.
employee & cardiology patient





everyone has been excellent. my primary doctor [dr. ricardo dizon] and the pulmonologist [dr. amjad khan] were outstanding.
pulmonology patient





mr. miller, i’d like to commend you on your staff’s expertise, professionalism and compassionate service. i will keep your services in mind and recommend them to anyone who requires them. my experience was extraordinary and your staff are exquisite.
behavioral health patient










 / 

















our services
we are committed to providing the best possible medical care in a holistic,
				 safe and comfortable environment for our patients and their families.
				 we do this by promoting the values of respect, dignity, and trust, and
				 by giving all our patients the special attention they need. 









addiction & behavioral health
more information








critical care
more information








emergency medicine
more information








outpatient care
more information








surgical
more information









all services
more information












featured videos




loretto hospital celebrates the opening of its new physical therapy center ...
loretto hospital in chicago commemorated a significant moment on wednesday, inaugurating its ...

continue reading




fighting cancer, living healthy & finding hope during a pandemic on fb live ...
guest speakers: dr. nikhila juvvadi, chief clinical officer at the loretto hospital and james dentley, ...

continue reading




dr. nikhila juvvadi, chief clinical officer, joined georgia doty ...
topic: community health & covid-19. guest speakers: dr. nikhila juvvadi, chief clinical officer at the ...

continue reading





read all






in the news




free mammograms
mary rinder, director diagnostic imaging, talks about the importance of breast screening and how to ...

continue reading




free mammograms
mary rinder, director diagnostic imaging, talks about the importance of breast screening and how to ...

continue reading




loretto hospital spreads holiday cheer with its 34th annual visit with santa


continue reading





read all






upcoming events






no upcoming events available.










subscribe to our newsletter






find a doctor


our services


careers


foundation


contact us


privacy policy


site map

price transparency









					loretto hospital
				
(773) 626-4300


loretto hospital


645 south central avenue
								
							
chicago,
							il 
60644




get directions






follow us on social media




















copyright © 2025





























