

hproa home page























 home 
 about 
 donate 
 join / renew 
 news / events 
 contact 
 login 


login help



about
membership benefits
meeting dates & times



join the hproa
renew regular membership
renew associate membership




☰








hproa

houston police retired officers association

with honor we served, with pride we remember




















 


proudly serving retired houston officers and their families
the houston police retired officers association is a professional, non-profit organization of retired officers and concerned citizens dedicated to safeguarding our pension, our health insurance, and our members' well-being.
since its inception, our lobbying efforts with the texas legislature in austin and with houston city council have managed to improve many of our pension benefits.

membership benefits

about the hproa

the hproa is recognized by all elected officials, the general public, and members of the law enforcement community as the representatives of all houston police department retired officers.

become a member!
join now!

mission statement



we are a professional and social organization of retired officers and concerned citizens dedicated to safeguarding pensions, insurance, and member well-being.




example of information shared at our meetings!

guest speaker:  morgan luttrell - retired navy seal and brother to marcus luttrell, shared his seal experiences and his reasons for running for congress.  see video replay in our members area.
medicare information:  important information was shared that will be very beneficial to hproa members!

meeting dates & times

support hproa - make a donation!
your donation is an important contribution to assisting retired houston police officers in many areas, including:

loaning of no-cost medical equipment for those retirees and their family members who cannot afford these important items
efforts on the state and local levels to retain the ever-eroding pension benefits
working with city officials in order to retain affordable healthcare insurance and medicare premiums
funeral-service presentations (solid brass plaque and presentation binder)immediate-need funeral assistance for those without funding
and much more.
donate here!


become a member!
join now!







 








get cool hproa merch!
visit our online store and show your hproa pride!




visit the hproa store!

















© houston police retired officers association (hproa)
support hproa - make a donation


top




