






























simbad astronomical database - cds (strasbourg)










services










others


sesame name resolver
dictionary of nomenclature


contact us





help


simbad astronomical database - cds (strasbourg) 


               what is simbad, and what is it not ?

%what is simbad


the purpose of simbad is to provide information on astronomical objects
of interest which have been studied in scientific articles. 


simbad is a dynamic database, updated every working day.


it provides the bibliography, as well as available basic information
such as the nature
of the object, its coordinates, magnitudes, proper motions and parallax,
velocity/redshift, size, spectral or morphological type, and the multitude
of names (identifiers) given in the literature. 
the cds team also performs cross-identifications based on the
compatibility of several parameters, in the limit of a reasonably
good astrometry.


simbad is a meta-compilation built from what is published in the 
literature, and from our expertise on cross-identifications. 
by construction it is highly inhomogeneous as data come from
any kind of instruments at all wavelenghts with any resolution and
astrometry, and different names from one publication to another.  


simbad is not a catalogue, and should not be used as a catalogue. the cds
also provides the vizier database which contains published lists of objects, 
as well as most very large surveys. the idea now is to use both
simbad and vizier as complementary research tools.



  
what is simbad ? 









queries
         






basic search 




by identifier 





by coordinates 





by criteria 




reference query 




scripts 





tap queries 




       




output options 




       



       










documentation
         







 object types 





 nomenclature & dictionary 





recommendations for data publication       




       




user's guide 




measurement description 



       



list of journals 



user annotations documentation 



query by urls 




acknowledgment       











information
         






presentation 



       




image thumbnails       




       




 mobile version 




       



simwatch  



       



release:
      




simbad4 1.8 - 2025-01
       




releases history 





 








content
         






the simbad astronomical database provides basic data, cross-identifications, bibliography and measurements for astronomical objects outside the solar system.
      



simbad can be queried by object name, coordinates and various criteria. links to some other on-line services are also provided.
      



use of simbad service is free without any registration under odbl licence. we request that
users cite the original paper reference.
      










basic search
         








 
 








identifier, coordinates (radius=10 arcmin), or bibcode
            





                
                
help            





install the simbad basic search in your tool bar            











 









acknowledgment
         







if the simbad database was helpful for your research work,the following acknowledgment would be appreciated:        

this research has made use of the simbad database,operated at cds, strasbourg, france         
 

2000,a&as,143,9          
, "the simbad astronomical database", wenger et al.         













statistics
         







simbad contains on 
       

2025.02.16
       





20,200,343
       


objects
      




68,327,349
       


identifiers
      




445,056
       


bibliographic references
      




45,713,825
       


citations of objects in papers
      




15,633
       


acronyms described for simbad
      







simbad on the web is the www interface to the simbad database. it offers
the following functionalities:



query by identifiers and around identifiers
query by coordinates, specifying the radius and the equinox
query by bibcode and partial bibcode
sampling with a set of physical criteria
query by lists of objects, coordinates or bibcodes
display charts for list of objects resulting from coordinates query


moreover, the interface provides links with many other data services :



links to the other cds services: tables in vizier, giving access to
the whole catalogued data, links to aladin images, surveys and observatory
logs.
through the coordinates in basic data, you can query around an object,
using a provided radius.
identifiers are linked to the nomenclature dictionary, providing full
description of original list, and, when available, offering direct access 
to the corresponding catalogue in the cds catalogue service (vizier and 
bazaar)
every bibcode is a link to the underlying bibliographic information,
either at cds, at ads, or at the journal site when available. links to
the full text of paper are available in most cases.
for articles containing tables stored at cds, the reference provides also
a link to the table or catalogue.
a link to the heasarc database (nasa/gsfc) is proposed when an object
has identifiers in high energy catalogues.
iue measurements contain an anchor which points to the spectra stored
in the ines database.
the maps produced by coordinate queries are cliquable and return the
object information from simbad.


a simbad mirror is also hosted by the cfa team at the harvard-smithsonian center for astrophysics.


simbad is on-boarded to the european open science cloud (eosc) to serve the astronomical community. 


















2025.02.18-02:02:30



contact - legals


