






copy / paste – dedicated to relinquishing responsibility for learning to the students



































































		skip to content	







copy / paste
dedicated to relinquishing responsibility for learning to the students








    menu	
home page
posts
publications
showcase
workshops
about
contact
privacy policy













home page




peter pappas is a university of portland-based educator, writer and instructional designer exploring frontiers of teaching, jazz, macs, film, great books, and garlic. ai-curious


search my sitesearch

recent posts
waiting on apple ai? launch chatgpt with a tapwhile we wait for apple intelligence to arrive, the iphone 16’s action button lets you launch chatgpt’s voice mode instantly. set it up in seconds and start chatting with ai at the press of a button—no siri needed. here’s how to make it happen right now.
ai magic: create podcast-style summaries with storm and notebooklmunlock the power of ai with storm and notebooklm! turn written content into engaging podcast-style audio summaries in just a few clicks. perfect for teachers, students, and anyone looking to supercharge their workflow, storm organizes your research while notebooklm transforms it into audio you can listen to on the go. 
hands on with aii’m offering a workshop for educational leaders at ai empowered edu conference at the university of portland on may 14. my session is called “hands on with ai.” i created this website to support the workshop. the site gives tips on how to create prompts, best ai assistants, and sample prompts. the prompt library offers sample prompts useful for … continue reading “hands on with ai”
when google couldn’t help: how ai helped me track down an elusive imagerecently i found myself in a situation where “googling” was useless. i was trying to recall a work of art without knowing the artist, title, or country of origin. note: at some point in my life, i had seen george tooker’s “government bureau” (1956) – a striking image (above) that had burrowed into my memory. … continue reading “when google couldn’t help: how ai helped me track down an elusive image”
getting started with the ai toolkithere’s an ai toolkit for educators and my recent podcast interview: “peter pappas and how ai is challenging educators to rethink practices of teaching and learning”
mapping inequality: exploring personal history in redline maps and the 1940 censushere’s how my students used historical redlining maps and the 1940 census to make a personal connection with government policies that fostered inequality and segregated nearly every major american city. resources, how-to and sample student projects. 

mastodon
share this:mastodontweetredditshare on tumblrwhatsapppockettelegramlike this:like loading... 
















	cookies make everything better. including websites! 
i don't sell anything on this site and i accept no advertisements. by using cookies, i'm able to make your time here a much richer experience by tracking site analytics.
		
		cookie policy	

 


privacy policy 
		proudly powered by wordpress	
























%d






































































































































































