



			fa home
		































skip to main content




apply •
                visit •
            	give







 

new mexico state university

university financial aid and scholarship services







 toggle navigation menu |  




















   quick links  

 aggie one stop 
 phonebook 
 campus map 
 campuses 
 campus calendars & events 
 library 
 canvas 
 email 
 mynmsu 
 nmsu leads 2025 














home
how aid works 

overview
cost of attendance
getting started
eligibility to benefit from federal aid
disbursement
cpos - course program of study


types of aid 

grants
loans
scholarships
work-study


applying for aid 

fafsa
scholar dollar$
study abroad


repayment 

repayment
ecmc solutions


resources 

forms
fafsa faq's
professional judgment
enrollment status
satisfactory academic progress
return of title iv funds
student rights & responsibilities
terms and conditions
verification policy
scanning documents


contact 

financial aid advisors
scholarship coordinators
outreach events











financial aid and scholarship services
our office serves as a resource to help students pay for school. we strive to provide guidance and timely service to help students qualify for scholarships, grants, work-study, and loans.
we offer student support virtually and in-office. students can set up virtual appointments with their financial aid advisors. financial aid specialists can be reached by email and in our office located in the educational services building, just west of the pan am center.












estimate your aid
the net price calculator can help you determine your federal, state, and institutional aid eligibility. net price calculator

apply for aid
learn about the financial aid process and how to apply for aid as an nmsu student. getting started




check your financial aid status
to review your awards, requirements, and emails, use our mynmsu instruction guide. log into mynmsu

complete required forms
access our forms and submit your documents via mynmsu or to your fa advisor's email.  access financial aid forms

financial aid advisor
you can contact your financial aid advisor by email or schedule a virtual appointment. find your advisor














disbursement of financial aid


financial aid is disbursed to student accounts the monday before classes start to pay off individual university account charges. the schedule helps to explain when disbursement and refunds are processed.  

review schedule ▸







federal student loan requirements


first-time loan borrowers will have to complete the federal student loan master promissory note (mpn) and entrance loan counseling before any aid will disburse. 

learn more ▸







nmsu scholar dollar$


students can apply for additional college or program-related scholarships through our scholardollar$ online application. 

start your application  ▸







charges and payment plans
our campus partner, the university accounts receivable (uar) oversees student charges, payment plan options, proxy, and direct deposit. 

billing information  ▸













visit our office
located inside the educational service center monday - friday, 8:00am- 5:00 pm 



contact us
call aggie one stop at 575-646-4105 or email us at financialaid@nmsu.edu

mailing address
financial aid & scholarship services new mexico state university- msc 5100 p.o. box 30001  las cruces, nm 88003-8001



satisfaction survey




























university financial aid and scholarship services
575-646-4105877-278-8586financialaid@nmsu.edueducational services center, suite 600




resources


student aid
financial aid instruction guide
consumer information
ferpa
problem resolution




connect with us

























scroll to top






 © 2024 new mexico state university - board of regents 
    

















