










- red rock behavioral health services



























































































in crisis now? call (405) 987-rock (7625)


donate
news
resources
advocacy
contact

medical records
locations
client suggestions


 












about

contact us
locations
the ccbhc model
board of directors
executive team
history
news
our 50th anniversary


first visit

faqs
medicaid enrollment


services

crisis services
adult services
children’s services
military families

steven a. cohen military family clinic colorado springs
the steven a. cohen military family clinic at red rock in lawton
the steven a. cohen military family clinic at red rock in oklahoma city
cohen staff


client notices
advocacy


careers

job openings


training

training calendar


(405) 424-7711
 


select page


  
 
 

























welcome to red rock
 
the foundation of your recovery








crisis services
if you are in crisis now, please click to call (405) 987-7625 (rock)
red rock’s virtual crisis response team, mobile crisis, adult crisis units, and children’s crisis unit offer services including crisis assessment, crisis intervention, crisis stabilization, discharge coordination, skill building groups, medication evaluation / management, individual, group, and family counseling, and more.








adult services
red rock’s adult services serves individuals 16+ include outpatient counseling, substance use services, court services, community housing, hiv/aids prevention and education, and other specialty services.








children & adolescent services 
planet rock is our child outpatient program located in oklahoma city. this program serves children and adolescents up to 17 years of age. we provide children with the ability to navigate their future, using newly developed coping skills and with the knowledge to overcome challenges. 








military family services
the steven a. cohen military family clinics provide confidential, high-quality therapy, and local referral support services to: post-9/11 veterans, service members, national guard and reserves, and their family members, including spouse or partner, children, parents, siblings, caregivers and others. care is available regardless of discharge status, role while in uniform, or combat experience. insurance or ability to pay will never be a barrier to care.










hope for heroestwenty veterans die by suicide every day. the steven a. cohen military family clinics at red rock provide confidential, high-quality therapy, and local referral support services to veterans. 

learn more










medicaid coverage
are you eligible for medicaid? on june 30, 2020, the oklahoma medicaid expansion initiative, state question 802, passed by a majority vote to expand medicaid eligibility to adults ages 19-64 whose income is 138% (133% with a 5% disregard) of the federal poverty level or lower. this equates to an estimated annual income of $17,796 for an individual or $36,588 for a family of four.



apply online






top workplace
red rock is consistently voted one of the best places to work in oklahoma and was named an official top usa today workplace of 2024, the gold standard of employee recognition. we invite you to visit our careers section to learn more about opportunities at red rock.
 



search jobs





red rock is certified by, and funded, in part, by the oklahoma department of mental health and substance abuse services.







donatered rock behavioral health services helps ensure no one is alone on their mental health journey. click the button below to learn more about how you can support our work and bring hope to oklahomans in need of mental health care.
give today



are you in crisis?if you are in a crisis right now, please call (405) 987-rock (7625). you can also call 988, a direct, three-digit lifeline that connects you with trained behavioral health professionals. 988 is the new mental health lifeline.
call now

☎️







red rock news posts










red rock bhs recognizes national substance use disorder treatment month: commitment to supporting recovery and empowering individuals

jan 27, 2025 | 0 commentsas part of national substance use disorder treatment month, red rock behavioral health services (red rock bhs) is proud to highlight its comprehensive array of...




elk city urgent recovery center by red rock behavioral health now open

dec 8, 2023 | 0 commentselk city urgent recovery center (urc) grand opening red rock behavioral health services, in collaboration with the odmhsas, is proud to announce the grand opening...




cohen veterans network expands footprint in oklahoma with this 2nd cohen clinic to fill gaps in mental healthcare for post-9/11 veterans, service members and their families

dec 8, 2023 | 0 commentsthe steven a. cohen military family clinic at red rock in oklahoma city celebrated its grand opening today with a ribbon cutting ceremony. pictured left to right:...



page 1 of 212»









affiliated with
 





























subscribe to posts








success!



name



email





subscribe












 












this program is made possible in part by funding from the bob woodruff foundation, which is dedicated to ensuring that our nation’s veterans, service members, and their families — those who stood for us — have stable and successful futures.


about usred rock behavioral health services is a 501(c)3 nonprofit community mental health organization that was founded in 1974. we provide integrated behavioral health and physical health care coordination services to indigent and insured oklahomans. we are partially funded by the oklahoma department of mental health and substance abuse services.





toll free number
(855) 999-8055
 
main location
4400 n. lincoln boulevard
oklahoma city, ok 73105
 
phone
(405) 424‐7711
 
fax
(405) 425‐0343
 our policiesclient notices
nondiscrimination policy
accessibility
notice of privacy practices
web privacy policy
menuabout us
locations
crisis services
adult services
military family services
children & adolescent services
careers
training
training calendar
news
donate
contact us
★ understanding serious mental illness

red rock does not deny anyone access to services solely based on inability to pay. a sliding pay scale is available.
 






facebook




instagram




rss


red rock behavioral health services
the foundations of your recovery 




 


































