


mountain cabin

























    
	mountain cabin
	
  


thoughts from the mountains of my mind. sit back and relax for awhile.








sunday, november 18, 2007



	 

	 tressel makes ohio state history, continuing dominance over michigan
	 
    




 : seventh-ranked ohio state deftly handled archrival wolverine state 14-3 and earned sequent straight-out big ten statute titles for the first clip in 50 old age in u.s. college football game on saturday.  jim tressel became the first buckeyes manager to beat out wolverine state six modern times in seven years.  chris h. g. wells ran for a career-high 222 paces and two touchdowns and vernon gholston and the buckeyes' defence dominated michigan's banged-up offense.  the buckeyes (11-1, 7-1 big ten) are likely headed to the rose bowl for the first clip since 1997.  no. twenty-three wolverine state (8-4, 6-2) missed out on its 4th trip to pasadena in five years.  no. one lsu 41, mississippi river 24  today in sports at oxford, mississippi, trindon holliday returned a kickoff 98 paces for a touchdown and lsu forced two turnover rates during goal-line stand ups to steal past mississippi.  the tigers (10-1, 6-1 sec) didn't play well on offense, but craig steltz and the nation's top-ranked defence helped put a school record with three consecutive seasons of 10 wins or more.  ole girl (3-8, 0-7) was in danger of a winless conference season for the first clip since 1982.  steltz had rally-ending interceptions late in each half, and francois jacob hester and prince charles george c. scott each rushed for touchdowns after failing ole girl onside boots in the 4th one-fourth to guarantee the win.  colt saint david added second-half field ends of 48 and 43 yards.  texas technical school 34, no. three sooner state 27 at lubbock, texas, billy graham harrell and lone-star state technical school knocked sooner state out of the national statute title chase.  harrell threw for 420 paces and two touchdowns for the red raiders (8-4, 4-4 big 12) and for the 11th clip this season a top-five squad lost to an unranked team.  with beaver state losing on thursday, the sooners (9-2, 5-2 big 12), who were 4th in the up-to-the-minute b.c.s standings, appeared to be in good form to play for a national statute title if they could win out.  no. four sunflower state 45, ioway st 7 at lawrence, kansas, sir alexander robertus todd reesing passed for 253 paces and four touchdowns and sunflower state remained undefeated, whipping the cyclones to put up a clang with sixth-ranked show me state for the big 12 north title.  the tigers and jayhawks (11-0, 7-0 big 12) will ran into adjacent weekend in a game that could establish the victor into the national title game.  reesing hit 19 of his first 20 bases on balls as the jayhawks romped to their first 11-0 grade in school history.  no 6.  show me state 49, sunflower state state 32 at manhattan, kansas, jeremy maclin scored three touchdowns for missouri, and had 252 sum paces to put the u.s. single-season first-year record for all-purpose yards.  he returned a kickoff 99 paces for a touchdown and caught two scoring passes, giving him 2,201 all-purpose paces for the season, 175 more than than terrell willis of rutgers had in 1993.  chase daniel threw for 284 paces and four touchdowns, helping show me state (10-1, 6-1 big 12) to its first win in manhattan since 1989.  no. eight empire state of the south 24, no. twenty-two bluegrass state 13 at athens, georgia, knowshon moreno ran for 124 yards, saint matthew stafford added a 10-yard td tally and no. eight empire state of the south overcame four turnover rates to maintain alive its opportunities of playing for an second championship.  the bulldogs (9-2, 6-2 sec) clinched at least a necktie for first in the eastern division and will confront top-ranked lsu in the dec. one statute title game if volunteer state loses one of its last two games.  kentucky (7-4, 3-4) couldn't take advantage of two interceptions and two muffs by the bulldogs.  no. ten old dominion technical school 44, miami 14 at blacksburg, virginia, branden ore ran for two touchdowns and the no. ten hokies dominated miami in their concluding tuneup for a confrontation with competing old dominion adjacent weekend, with the victor moving on to the acc title game.  virginia technical school (9-2, 6-1 acc) moved into a share of first topographic point in the coastal division with virginia.  sean glennon threw a touchdown base on balls to justin harpist and jahre cheeseman and carlton weatherford had scoring tallies for the hokies, who handed miami (5-6, 2-5) its 2nd sequent demeaning loss.  no. five occident old dominion 28, no. twenty-one cincinnati 23 at cincinnati, pat white person ran for a brace of second-quarter touchdowns, leading the mountaineers to a triumph that left lone two squads in the conference statute title chase.  the mountaineers (9-1, 4-1) can win their 2nd big east title in three old age by shutting with triumphs over no. twenty-five nutmeg state and pittsburgh.  their game against uconn (9-2, 5-1) in morgantown, w.va., adjacent weekend will likely make up one's mind it.  1  |     labels: buckeyes, chris wells, coach, college football, deftly, history, jim tressel, ranked ohio state, s college, seven years, six times



posted by allison at 10:12 am
       |
         1 comments






friday, november 16, 2007



	 

	 nigeria: 'our challenges as female auto mechanics' - allafrica.com
	 
    




 agha ibiamlagosmiss. opeoluwa gentle, 21, from ekiti state is a superb girl, judging by her communicating art and her senior school certification scrutiny (ssce) consequence which she made at one sitting.  ope is naturally scientific discipline inclined.but her hope of becoming a mechanical technology pupil at the university of lagos (unilag) was dashed.  even when she scored more than than the cut-off mark at the station university matriculation examination (ume) joint admission and matriculation board (jamb) scrutiny in 2005, she told thisday that she was not considered for admission.this rejection almost frustrated her as she had no 2nd program of what she could make to break her hereafter since she had lost her father in 2003.  but today, she said that letdown have turned out to be a approval in disguise as that have led her to becoming one of the lady mechanic's that graduated recently at the lady machinist initiative, lagos."i was not admitted for the course of study i applied for even though i scored 42 as against 34 marks the school authorization said the cut-off mark was", she said during the end of the first twelvemonth ceremonial of the arrangement in lagos.it was a friend of hers in ajegunle where she dwells that gave her the information about the machinist preparation through a flier.  in april, 2006, she commenced as a machinist trainee, an country that is regarded as male dominated field.  the course of study which ope could not read in books and larn all about theories surrounding mechanical engineering, she have ended up learning practical.like any profession, ope had challenges that almost threatened her from continuing the training.  she said, "i was loosing form and getting weak.  at a point i lost path of the whole thing, but was encouraged by household members".  even though she have acquired some technical experience in motor mechanics, she still eyes the ivory tower where she trusts to do her experience complete.  but this time, the contrary will now be the lawsuit where she will drill her trade full-time, and surveys on part-time basis.grace kadiri boubai, 25, is a dark complexioned miss from bayelsa state.  she have been on preparation for two years.  it was through the little sister that she came to cognize about the initiative.  just like the narrative of the seeds in the holy place book that drop on fertile soil, she became the fertile dirt on which the seed fell, grew and multiplied.on seeing grace for the first time, it is hard to separate her from a man, as the preparation have brought out a masculine stature in her.  grace who now remains with the father in lagos, having lost her female parent is determined to finish the three twelvemonth programme.  and after that, she trusts to travel back to her state and set up a workshop.following her wise men footsteps, sandra aguebor, laminitis of the initiative, grace said the workshop focuses on preparation of girls.  this way, they are discouraged from going into prostitution, kid trafficking and other societal frailties that abound in the society.just like her co-worker ope, grace said she will still like to travel back to school after the training.  but for now, this sort of preparation is what she have been yearning for and she is determined to follow it to the end.another trainee, noemi dinlongi, have also been on the preparation for two old age and hopes to finish the three twelvemonth course.  she was a pupil in jos, but heard about the lady machinist enterprise at the praise sanctuary, deliver church of supreme being in lagos, and decided to do calling in it."honestly i am in love with the career and that is why i am showing a batch of involvement in it.  i bury about the emphasis and guarantee i give my best for it", she said.  noemi said there were two other misses that came from redeem, but had to discontinue apparently owed to the emphasis facet of the job.  though there are challenges on the occupation such as as getting injured and exposed to sunshine, noemi take a firm stands that she prefers it to staying idle.  relevant links  she will desire to travel back to her small town in tokyo state to set up a workshop.  to actualise this dreaming will not be a job to her as the arrangement is in partnership with a batch of corporate houses that could assist them to excel.some of the arrangements are coscharis motors, pan, eastern malayo-polynesian depository financial institution and commissioners for women personal business in lagos and benin.  others are former first lady of lagos, mrs. oluremi tinubu, rotary clubs and other non-governmental organisations.  apart from working closely with these few organisations, sandra told the assemblage that she have benefited tremendously from the american government.  through the united states embassy in nigeria, she was able to see seven states in the united states courtesy of dr. atim george, counselor for populace affairs, united states embassy.the enterprise have successfully trained and graduated seven misses and a liberian refugee boy, picked from assorted deprived circumstances.  they were first rehabilitated and provided with the preparation in car machinist care and fix technology.  she said the trainees are counseled on wellness and psychologically before the preparation commences.  page 1 of 21 labels: admission, agha, blessing in disguise, joint admission and matriculation board, matriculation examination, motivational help, school certificate examination, thisday, unilag, university matriculation, university of lagos



posted by allison at 11:18 pm
       |
         0 comments






monday, november 12, 2007



	 

	 law school dean search committee begins interviewing final five - minnesota daily
	 
    




 from 202 candidates, the university law school narrowed its listing to five finalists who could go the school's adjacent dean.  now, the finalists will acquire to check up on out their possible new occupations as the hunt approaches an end.  starting monday, each campaigner will do a two-day visit to campus in order to be evaluated by faculty, staff and students, with the hunt commission overseeing their visits.  after the campaigners have got made their visits, the commission will show its pick to provost uncle tom sullivan.  the five campaigners come up from all over the globe.  two currently name new house of york home.  nora demleitner is the interim law dean at hofstra university in hempstead, n.y., piece saint david wippman is frailty provost for international relations and professor of law at katherine cornell university in ithaca, n.y.read about all the campaigners in tomorrow's issue of the gopher state daily.   labels: law school, school list, university law school, university list, university school



posted by allison at 6:37 pm
       |
         0 comments






thursday, november 1, 2007



	 

	 universities defend credit card deals
	 
    




 officials from iowa's three populace universities are defending trades which let companies to marketplace their recognition card game to students.  iowa, ioway state and uni have got understandings with depository financial institution of united states to marketplace university-branded recognition card game to alums, but ioway and ioway state also aim students.  iowa state university alumni association president jeffrey samuel johnson states most pupils can't acquire purchase in today's human race without a recognition card.  "if our pupils are going to make normal society, adult-related purchases or transactions, they have got got to have some word form of credit," he says.  doug true -- a university of ioway senior frailty president, states the sole contract actually cut downs the figure of recognition card solicitations aimed at pupils while they're on campus.  "one of the personal effects of having a single provider....there weren't a battalion of (companies) soliciting pupils at the union," he says.  however, the 10-year deal with depository financial institution of united states makes not forestall other recognition card companies from selling their card game to pupils through the mail or at off-campus locations in ioway city and ames.  some pupils have got complained about the universities giving their computer addresses to recognition card companies, but true states it's public information that tin be purchased by any company.  true and samuel johnson appeared tuesday before a legislative commission studying the issue.  representative jodi tymeson, a republican from winterset, states it looks the larger fiscal issue for pupils is loans to pay for college tuition rather than the debt they're racking up on recognition cards.  "the aggressive selling of recognition card game to pupils is not as large a job as we thought," tymeson says.  "certainly, i would promote parents to speak to their children about the fact that they're going to be receiving all these offerings and that there is a cost with a recognition card.  it isn't easy money.  it isn't free money." according to records from the university of ioway and ioway state, fewer than 600 pupils have got signed up to transport the depository financial institution of united states cards, and the norm balance on one of those card game is $1,100.  the school functionaries cited other statistics indicating the norm pupil at ioway and ioway state is carrying about $23,000 in pupil loan debt.â   labels: bank of america, credit card, credit cards, iowa iowa, iowa state university, public universities, state university alumni, state university alumni association, student credit card, target students, university alumni association



posted by allison at 8:16 am
       |
         0 comments






monday, august 27, 2007



	 

	 new college code of conduct
	 
    




 }                			hartford   the leadership of sacred heart university, fairfield university and three college on monday agreed to an out-of-court settlement with state functionaries over the controversial usage of so-called preferable loaners for pupil loans.the university functionaries admitted no wrongdoing, but will add a sum of $75,000 to their scholarship funds.  they said this lawsuit differs from others in the nation, because no university employees personally benefited from their professional human relationships with the college-loan organizations.the three establishments accepted terms price reductions on gross sales of software system system from one loaner and a fairfield university functionary took an out-of-state trip paid by another lender, according to lawyer general richard blumenthal.the rev. jeffrey p. von arx, s.j., president of fairfield university, said no employees were disciplined for accepting $16,000 in discounts, which were given after the college board inc. was listed as a preferable lender.in february of 2006, another loaner - ams, an affiliate of the sallie mae program - flew the manager of fairfield's assistance business office to sunshine state for a three-day client focusing group, according to an "assurance of voluntary compliance" signed by arx and blumenthal.anthony j. cernera, president of sacred heart university, said that no shu employees were disciplined for taking $15,000 in software price reductions during 2004.the college board was also included on a listing of preferable loaners for students.  in the 2004-2005 advertisementschool year, the college board's loan sum increased by more than than $2 million and in the two followers old age it increased by $4 million and $3.5 million, respectively, at sacred heart.trinity received a $12,000 price reduction from the college board.  all three establishments denied allegations of illegalities.  fairfield university will lend $28,000 to its general scholarship monetary fund by september 1 to countervail the fiscal benefits received by the college.  sacred heart will lend $25,000 to its william curtis commuter program scholarship.  three will donate $22,000 to a monetary fund for capital of nutmeg state students.the incentives were uncovered during a still-active, six-month investigation into inducements, conflicts-of-interest and improper patterns in the $85 billion-dollar student-loan industry.during a news conference in his business office with members of the connecticut conference of mugwump colleges, lawyer general richard blumenthal announced a new codification of behavior that forbids the type of british pound professional quo that have rocked the college-loan industry around the nation. labels: attorney general richard blumenthal, college board, college loan, fairfield university, organizations, professional relationships, sacred heart university, state officials, trinity college, university officials



posted by allison at 10:30 pm
       |
         2 comments






wednesday, august 22, 2007



	 

	 the college second home
	 
    




 lena datwani, a agent with bellmarc realty, states many of her clients are parents buying flats for their college-age children, and she is not alone in noting the trend.  the thought is, parents put in an flat to supply lodging for their children in college and also, eventually, to utilize as a pied-à-terre.  related  of course of study purchasing a piece of manhattan, no substance how small, typically necessitates navigating the demands of hard-and-fast co-op boards.  this twelvemonth  ms. datwani establish an flat on bleecker street, in the bosom of  greenwich village, for a new house of york university pupil but was turned away  because the building's co-op board allowed parents to purchase units of measurement only for steadily employed children, not those still in school.  "i see parents who desire to purchase for their kid at n.y.u.," she said, "but co-ops have got all sorts of rules.  some don't let for parents to purchase for children who are pupils at all.  others don't let pieds-à-terre, and often using the flat as a pied-à-terre is portion of the plan." ms. datwani eventually establish a place for the pupil on fifth avenue.university towns, urban centres and rural enclaves alike are drawing  purchasers seeking places for their college-bound family members.  developers are also catering to a growth grouping of alumni who desire to go back to the campus on weekends for on-campus cultural public presentations or sporting events.part of the marketplace is being driven by parents opting out of paying increasingly expensive on-campus room and board fees, which norm $8,149 a twelvemonth at a four-year private university, according to the college board.  michael zaransky,  the co-chief executive director of prime place investors in northbrook, ill., a existent estate house that have college lodging near respective campuses including the university of prairie state and purdue, described a federal soldier housing administration funding programme known as a "kiddie condo" loan, which he said could do the purchase of an off-campus abode for a kid even more than attractive.   the loan, designed for a pupil who will utilize the place as his or her primary residence, typically necessitates a down payment of about 3 percentage of the purchase price.  the kid measure ups for the loan by having the parents co-sign and by using the parents' assets and recognition history.  while co-signing a mortgage for a 19-year-old pupil might look a chilling prospect, mr. zaransky said the agreement could be very favorable.  "it is not a bad trade in footing of the handiness of attractive funding and in footing of establishing recognition for their boy or daughter," he said. beyond the marketplace for students, more than developers are putting a turn on second-home ownership by catering to alumni who desire to be within walking distance of a football game bowl for game years and tailgating parties.   "we seek to be as stopping point to the athletic centre as possible," said brad pager, the president and main executive director of gameday centers southeastern, the developer of condoes next to college campuses.  "we marketplace through the alumni groups," he said.  "a large trade for us is season ticket holders and extravagance boxes.  those are the people that be given to remain long weekends.  they won't lose a football, baseball game or basketball game game."  gameday condominiums are sold furnished and are usually decorated with college son and paraphernalia.   another developer, finishing touch companies, have respective condominiums in baton rouge, la., near pelican state state university and in manhattan, kan., for sunflower state state wildcat well fans.   in south bend, ind., place to the university of notre dame, about one-half of the condominiums at stadium club, a five-building condo-conversion undertaking with two-bedroom units of measurement selling for $134,900, have got been picked up by students' parents, while the residual are being used as holiday residences, said jim webb, an agent with century 21, which is selling the project.  the development, he said, is also attracting purchasers who believe of themselves as parents of future pupils and are giving their children a taste sensation of college life. "we have got one proprietor who was here for a game recently," mr. beatrice webb said, "and he had all of his immature children with him.  none of them had even taken the saturday yet.  we have got a batch of those hopeful types."     labels: 2007, administration, agent, arrangement, baseball, basketball, beaches, blogging, broker, business, buyers, buying, california, child, children, club, college, college loan, companies, condos, copyright, course, credit, days, destinations, development, estate, europe, expensive, family, financing, five, florida, football, game, golf, group, hawaii, home, housing, illinois, islands, kids, l.a., life, loan, make, market, marketing, michael, money, mortgage, name, new york, new york times, open, owner, parents, paying, payment, people, plan, policy, president, print, privacy, private, property, purchase, real, real estate, retirement, school, search, selling, source, south, state, states, street, student, tape, tips, tools, university, used, vacation, west, words, work, york



posted by allison at 3:46 am
       |
         0 comments






monday, august 6, 2007



	 

	 college search made easy
	 
    




 how a pupil hunts for colleges can be just as of import as where.  the criteria for college hunts are almost as many as there are colleges and universities to take from.  however, all hunts and standard aren't created equal.the listing of possible hunt criteria could travel on forever, but there are definitely some that most college hunt land sites utilize more than often than others.  the most common pick of standard in a hunt is a major.  the major is a good topographic point to begin looking because if the pupil have got decided what they desire to make with their lives, they can seek colleges that have corresponding major league available.  also, if a pupil starts with another standard like location, that hunt will give consequences within a certain geographical location and not screen by major most times.other popular hunt criteria include hunts by college size, cost of tuition, ethnical or racial diversity, calling way and spiritual affiliations.  the size of the college is a criteria that may not be as of import as many others.  most pupils recognize that a little school as well as a big university can offer quality academic standards.the terms of a college is for many pupils the lone existent consideration, and obstacle, in searching for a worthy college or university.  some online hunts let the pupils to input signal values for the amount of tuition they are willing to pay a school.  the consequences of a college hunt with this standard can be eye-opening experience.  determination out what certain schools complaint for tuition can be a crucial factor in choosing a school.the type of pupil organic structure a prospective pupil might be a idea for some students.  that is why another 1 of the hunt standard hunts colleges by race and ethnical background.  usually, there are pre determined dropdown menus with percents of diverseness the prospective pupil desires in a college.  this is usually not a very determiner factor in most college student's searches.the last major standard that pupils utilize to seek is spiritual affiliation.  many pupils desire to cognize that their current religion and beliefs systems will be observed or better yet, celebrated, while they go to there.  using this college hunt criteria is simply something a pupil would utilize if they already had a peculiar spiritual college in head or wanted to additional narrow the search.other criterion, like part of the country, public versus private, athletics rankings and extracurricular activities usually come up 2nd to some of the more than urgent college hunt criteria.  starting off with the rudiments in a hunt and whittling down the options from there is a smart attack to take.there are hunts that offering a batch more elaborate college search.  if, for instance, a pupil wanted to cognize what courses of study that social classes offered or what the norm ages and graduation rankings of current fresher was, that information is available too.  however, focusing on too many inside information can really do the procedure a batch more complicated.  sticking with the rudiments criteria is the easiest manner to acquire good results. labels: college admissions, college applications, college major



posted by allison at 6:38 pm
       |
         0 comments











about me

name:  allison 

view my complete profile






bookmark 
digg itdel.icio.usfurl itredditgooglefark itrss atom
 links




web pages referring to this page

link to this page and get a link back!
 previous posts

tressel makes ohio state history, continuing domin...
nigeria: 'our challenges as female auto mechanics'...
law school dean search committee begins interviewi...
universities defend credit card deals
new college code of conduct
the college second home
college search made easy
freud's mother wants to give you a psychology scho...
preparing for university education
a cheaper college textbook price = big money savings

 archives

november 2004
may 2005
june 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
january 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
july 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
november 2007





 








