



































executive, sales, healthcare & nursing resume writing services









































home
services
testimonials
faq
about us
blog
scheduler



















































"thank you so much for all of your excellent work! i am so pleased with my resume. i will recommend you to anyone in need of a great resume writer."


t. muller chicago, il
construction project manager


"wow!!! is that even me? looks so awesome! thanks. :)"


stuart v.r. st. petersburg, fl
senior vice president, marketing


"the first resume i mailed helped me get the position i really wanted. the hiring manager told me that my resume was the "best he'd ever seen", and i was one of 4 candidates out of 450 resumes that was selected for an interview. thanks so much!"

alonzo p. sacramento, ca
district manager 



professional resume and cover letter writing services
need to create a resume or make an improvement on an existing one? always work with a resume service you can reach by phone.we make it easy. call 1-800-730-3244 right now to talk to a friendly writer.
with more than 25 years of experience in professional resume writing, you can trust we are a firm that has weathered the changes, growth and challenges experienced in competitive markets. we are ats compliant resume experts, linkedin page developers and interview/job search coaches. we offer affordable pricing with resumes for entry-level positions, along with a full range of packages available for administrative, management, executive and technical resumes.
custom resume pricing based on work:

entry level $100 to $265
middle level/experienced $195 to $695
executive level $300 to $895

discount bundled resume/cover letter/linkedin packages available.
 send your resume in to resumes@razoredgeresumes.com for a free quote consultation.
we are razoredgeresumes, the premiere resume writing and career support firm with more than 25 years of experience in working with leaders, potential leaders and motivated job seekers globally across industries. our client list includes clients internationally in a majority of the fortune 1000 corporations.
as a professional service solely dedicated to resume writing, we will provide the high level of service, support and ease you expect, while proving the achievement-oriented document that you and your target employers require. our team of experienced resume writers are fluent in the tips and tricks of effective resume writing that will get you noticed by recruiters and hiring managers. whether you are applying to be a customer service representative or a c-level executive, our writing team knows what employers are looking for in candidates. 
when asked how to create the perfect resume, we often remind clients that a resume is something the average person only writes a few times in their life, so it is not something most people are very good at. a professional resume writer can focus on your skills, education, and work experience to write the perfect resume customized to your desired career objective. free resume builders and resume templates cannot do this. our professional resume writers have the experience and know-how to create successful resumes that will get you noticed.
our process begins with an initial consultation to determine goals, targets and set a strategy, while also outlining additional collateral your specific job search will require.  we gather the information directly from you in a telephone interview, write, edit, design and publish the document and collaborate directly with you throughout the proofing cycle to ensure accuracy.  we will customize and personalize your resume to the specific career goals you want to achieve.
at razoredgeresumes, we understand your time constraints, and we have been providing thousands of senior leaders in global corporations, local, state and federal government and non-profit organizations with the marketing materials they need to further their career for more than 25 years.  we have created a firm with dedicated senior resume writers to ensure you receive the highest service and quality of executive resume for a global or domestic job search.  you will work with your senior writer throughout the process to ensure the highest level of success through understanding your situation, career goals, obstacles and accomplishments.  your writer will serve as a coach, motivator and counsel to marketing your background both via the resume and job search collateral, as well as in interview preparation and coaching, linkedin profile optimization, outplacement and headhunter management to prepare you for future career development.
although the development of the resume, including creating strategy, information gathering and writing and editing is complex, we will simplify the process for you to minimize your time required for the process and maximize the results of the document.  the cycle for full resume development will normally take a few days, yet expedited and next day service is available should you require it.
for a free resume quote, e-mail it to us at resumes@razoredgeresumes.com. to speak with an professional resume writer today to set up a free consultation, call us at 1-800-730-3244.








content copyright 2005-2025. razoredgeresumes.com. all rights reserved.

home
 | get started
 | interview tips
 | testimonials
 | faq
 | about us
 | contact us
 | privacy
 | blog
 | rss feed
 | razor edge resumes facebook page.
















