

















macarthur memorial, va - official website | official website









 















skip to main content

























 














contact us










 
 












search







 
 
 




    museum      visit      library & archives      education      events      support / join  


 

 

 

 

 

 






 







































































  
 
 



























 














macarthur report








donate








podcasts








schedule tour








calendar










 
 
 



 














welcome to themacarthur memorialthe macarthur memorial is a museum and research center dedicated to preserving and presenting the story of the life of general of the army douglas macarthur. the memorial also pays tribute to the millions of men and women who served with general macarthur in world war i, world war ii, and the korean war. situated in downtown norfolk, va the memorial consists of a museum, archive and research center, education center, theater, welcome center, and a gift shop. a visit to the memorial will allow you to explore the life of one of america’s greatest and most complex leaders. admission is free.
 






  
 
 




 








calendar










wed, jan. 24 		 - sat, may 3
 

special exhibit: the price of unpreparedness



thu, nov. 21 		 - fri, feb. 28
 

origami cranes @ activity hq



tue, jan. 7 		 - sat, may 3
 

special display: the paintings of mary maynard






view full calendar




/calendar.aspx



 

  
 








 
 







 
 



  
 





tweets by macarthur1880 


 
 
 



  
 






recent podcasts





general macarthur's iconic cap

general douglas macarthur’s iconic cap, one of the most amazing artifacts in our museum, is a finalist for a conservation prize from vam – the virginia association of museums (vam).  currently the cap is on vam’s virginia top 10 endangered list....
		
 

the 1945 battle of manila + bonus q&a

to date, the 1945 battle of manila remains the us military's largest and most intense experience of urban warfare. it resulted in 6500 american military casualties, 16000 japanese military kia, and a staggering number of civilians were killed...
		
  
view all




/calendar.aspx


 
 
 











 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







macarthur memorial198 bank streetnorfolk, va 23510ph: 757-441-2965fx: 757-441-5389contact us
 






  
 



  
 







current hours







tuesday-saturday,10:00 am – 5:00 pm
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







home



digital archives



calendar



facilities



subscribe







form center



notify me



translate



staff directory









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







site map



accessibility



webmaster



privacy policy



powered by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









