




georgia botanical society | dedicated to the study and preservation of georgia's wild, native, rare and endangered wildflowers and plant life


georgia botanical society – dedicated to the study and preservation of georgia's wild, native, rare and endangered wildflowers and plant life














































 






skip to content


georgia botanical society
dedicated to the study and preservation of georgia's wild, native, rare and endangered wildflowers and plant life



menu


welcome
field trips/workshops

2025 field trips
field trip/workshop descriptions
workshop materials


projects

maureen donohue habitat conservation fund
marie mellinger field botany research fund


pilgrimage

t-shirt shop


resources

newsletter

newsletter archive


tipularia
bylaws and documents


contact us
join/renew

donate


 









welcome 

the georgia botanical society:

promotes the understanding and appreciation of plants and their relationship to the environment, as well as the study of botanical sciences.
undertakes or supports the setting apart of appropriate areas in georgia for the preservation of native flora for the enjoyment of the public.
encourages the protection of rare and endangered plant species and significant botanical habitats.
promotes the conservation of botanical resources and encourages the practice of a conservation ethic.

membership is open to all. we have membership categories for individuals, families, students, and more. join us to enjoy the many benefits of membership, including:




our journal, tipularia, which is published once a year. tipularia is filled with beautiful photographs and interesting articles about botany in georgia.



our newsletter, the botsoc news, which is published seven times a year. this newsletter keeps members informed of the society’s activities, includes reports about our many field trips throughout the state, and provides interesting, timely articles on many botanical subjects.



field trips and workshops throughout the year, led by knowledgeable botanists to interesting botanical and geologic sites throughout georgia. we typically sponsor more than 25 field trips and workshops a year to explore areas from the mountains to the coast and to learn field identification skills.



an annual spring wildflower pilgrimage, which consists of an overnight two- to three-day weekend in an interesting part of the state. multiple field trips, speakers, workshops and a banquet, all at an amazingly low price, make this one of the georgia botanical society’s most popular offerings.



 







2025 pilgrimage shirt shop the 2025 pilgrimage shirt shop is open! check out the great design by jenneke somerville and order your shirts! shirt orders must be placed by april 1.

richard and teresa ware’s plant guide guide to the wildflowers, ferns, trees, shrubs & woody vines of georgia and adjacent states, a comprehensive guide by georgia botanical society members richard and teresa ware

marie mellinger field botany research fund application click here for info about the marie mellinger field botany research fund. application deadline is may 12, 2024.



upcoming events


postponed:  winter tree id workshop (zoom session)


saturday february 22 and sunday february 23, 2025, 2:00 pm, trout lily walk at stone mountain park, dekalb county


trip is full. sunday, march 16, 2025, 3:30 pm, herbert taylor park spring ephemeral & champion tree tour, fulton county


tuesday, march 18, 2025, 10:00 am, devil’s fork state park, salem sc


saturday, march 22, 2025, 10:00 am, granite outcrop, clinton nature preserve, douglas county


saturday, march 29, 2025, 10:00 am, kearns property, adairsville, floyd county


saturday, march 29, 2025, 10:00 am, north glynn county recreation complex, glynn county


saturday, april 5, 2025, 10:00 am, radford ravines, panther creek, stephens county


saturday, april 5, 2025, 9:30 am, rising fawn gardens, dade county


trip is full.  sunday, april 6, 2025, 9:00 am, cloudland canyon state park, sitton gulch trail, dade county


2025 field trip schedule click here for the 2025 field trips.

name that plant contest click here to go to our monthly name that plant contest.


donate click on the button below to donate via paypal or credit card.
   

 



			© 2025 georgia botanical society 



 













