



















home - microlight corporation
























































    







  










about us
faqs
 

contact us
support
call us: (713) 520-0668
 




≡

 


log in / register

0







×
our story

about us
our science


products

all products
new lasers
laser accessories
marketing materials
other components


laser therapy

what is lllt?
applications


resources

photo gallery
inservice videos
microlight laser videos
for veterinarians
clinical research
research library
webinars


financing
providers

medical advisory board
find a provider


press & media
testimonials
current promotions
 





 





freedom from pain
hands free laser therapy
learn more








 

 

 

 

 






microlight corporation of america is a pioneer in cold laser therapy and the first company with fda clearance of low-level laser therapy for the non-surgical treatment of pain through adjunctive therapy.
pioneers in laser therapy
established in 1990, microlight corporation of america is a pioneer in cold laser therapy; and the first company with fda clearance to market low-level laser therapy (lllt) for the non-surgical treatment of pain through adjunctive therapy in patients with carpal tunnel syndrome.
the microlight patented 830 nanometer (nm) wavelength gallium-aluminum-arsenide (gaaias) laser is classified by the fda as a laser device for adjunctive use in pain therapy.
there are 30+ years of clinical studies published on pubmed documenting that the 830nm range is the optimal wavelength to treat pain and inflammation.
buy the smart laser


not all lasers are the same.
“cold laser has become a buzzword. many people use this term very loosely, but not all lasers are the same. a pointer laser is a laser but has no medical benefit.
the wavelength of the laser is what is important because some wavelengths are beneficial and some are not. the wavelength and the power behind it determine the depth of penetration into the body. the cold laser we use has the deepest penetration power into the body, the microlight 830. this laser penetrates 2 inches into the body. the laser beam is a light that helps the mitochondria of the cell produce the energy needed to create healthy new cells more rapidly. – dr. carey girgis, back pain relief ohio
learn more


30+ years of clinical studies prove the 830nm range is the optimal wavelength to treat pain and inflammation. making the microlight laser the #1 choice for –
freedom from pain!



learn more about the microlight laser technology
 


our sciencethe science behind the patented microlight laser technology
learn morephoto gallerysee it in action. take a look at some of the ways our clients are using the microlight laser technology.
learn moreclient testimonialssee what medical professionals have to say about the microlight smart laser.learn morefor veterinariansveterinarians around the globe are successfully using the microlight laser to successfully treat animals large and small.
learn moremicrolight laser videosour video library includes content from our medical director, clinicians and in-service videos to show you how to properly use our smart laser systems. learn more 















applications of low-level laser therapy (lllt)

acupuncture points
arthralgia/arthritis
back pain
bursitis
carpal tunnel syndrome (cts)
eczema
fibromyalgia
fissures
fractures
herniated/bulging discs
knee pain
injuries
iontophoresis
migraine headaches
muscle pains/spasms
neck pain/whiplash
neuralgia
nerve pain/radiculopathy
plantar fasciitis
post-operative pain
scar tissue
sciatica
sprains/strains
swelling
temporomandibular disorders (tmj or tmd)
tendonitis
tennis elbow
trigger points
wound healing



 


own the latest cutting-edge microlight laser todaysee why clinicians and clients around the world have made microlight the leader in cold laser technology for more than 30 years!
microlight products
shop microlight products – from the latest laser technology to components for previous models and marketing materials.
view product linespecial offers
check out our latest promotions for the microlight smart laser!
view offers


 




headquarters
3634 glenn lakes lane
suite 243
missouri city, texas 77459
united states of america






contact us
sales & inquiries:
sales@microlightcorp.com
service & support:
customerservice@microlightcorp.com
phone:
1-(713)-520-0668






office hours
monday-friday
8:00 am – 4:00 pm central time





© microlight corporation of america. all rights reserved. | privacy policy
 






 
learn more about:
our science
now available: smart laser home model
resources
find a provider



 










 
























