


	utah county listings | utah county real estate











     
	home     buyers   
  sellers    
virtual 
tours     search homes  
   2018 market conditions    
bank foreclosures












contact paul teasdaleset a meeting orsend a message




















are you thinking of buying a home in 
			utah county?
try our free utah county listings database, which has every home for sale. 
	after searching for a home, register with us and our system will email you the day a 
	new listing appears in the city in the price range you want. this service  
	has helped hundreds of our buyers find homes. 
 


		search utah county homes



are you thinking of selling a 
	home in utah county?
forget about guesses, appraisals, fantasy dream prices, and inexperienced 
	realtors' opinions. how about reality? our service is fast, friendly, free 
	and without obligation. we will prepare a 20-page color report comparing 
	your home to similar sold homes.  


		free home evaluation - cma



are you looking to hire a 
	utah county realtor?
paul teasdale is the principal broker of team teasdale realty and has 
	been selling homes in utah county for over 23 years. hire one of the most 
	experienced realtors in utah county to help you buy or sell a home in utah 
	county. paul has sold over 1,300 homes in utah county.
	


				hire a utah county realtor











2018 market conditions

what is happening in the utah county real estate market?

paul teasdale, the principal broker of team teasdale realty has been selling 
homes in utah county 
for over 23 years.

the video on the left shows paul's
in-depth analysis and market forecast for
2016.  


  





utah county listings - bank foreclosures
list of available utah county short bank foreclosures
in 2018 about 2% of the homes for sale in utah county 
	are bank foreclosures. there are less bank foreclosures than short sales in 
	utah county. paul has sold 
	hundreds of bank foreclosures in his 20 year career of 
	selling utah county listings. below is a list of all the current utah county bank 
	foreclsoures. this list is automatically updated daily. 

alpine bank 
	foreclosures  | 
	american fork 
	bank repos  | 
	cedar hills 
	bank foreclosures  |  
eagle mountain bank repos
elk ridge bank foreclosures  
	| 
	highland bank foreclosures  
	| 
	lehi bank foreclosures  
	| 
	lindon bank foreclosure 
	| 
	mapleton bank foreclosures
orem bank foreclosures  
	| 
	payson bank foreclosures  
	| 
	pleasant grove bank 
	repos  | 
	provo bank foreclosures  
	| 
	salem bank foreclosures
santaquin bank foreclosures  
	| 
	saratoga springs repos  
	| 
	springville 
	bank repos  
	| 
	spanish fork bank repos  
	| 
	woodland hills, utah















 


do you need help finding a
 utah county lender? 
paul has been working with the lenders in utah county for over 23 years. 
	he has selected a few of the best lenders in utah county. these lenders are 
	very honest and have low, reasonable prices. work with a lender who gets you 
	the loan and provides exceptional service. 
 


		contact paul for a list


see what our past clients are saying about our 
	service!
after selling homes in utah county for over 23 years, paul has learned to 
	listen carefully to his clients' needs. buyers and sellers who have hired 
	paul and his team have posted 5-star ratings on zillow and google+.  take a 
	minute and see what others are saying about us.


		see our 5-star zillow reviews
see our 
		5-star google+ reviews



do you need help finding a utah county home 
	inspector?
paul has worked with many utah county home inspectors. he has made a list 
	of all the home inspectors in utah county. however, he has a few that he 
	feels offers outstanding service and great value. feel free to 
	look at the list of all the professional inspectors.


				utah county home inspectors


				passing a home inspection









 



alpine utah short sales
american fork utah short
cedar hills utah short sales
eagle mountain short sales
elk ridge utah short sales
highland utah short sales
lehi utah short sales
lindon utah short sales
mapleton utah short sales
orem utah short sales
payson utah short sales
pleasant grove short sales
provo utah short sales
salem utah short sales
santaquin utah short sales
saratoga springs short
spanish fork short sales
sprignville utah short sales
woodland hills, utah



utah county listings - short sales
list of utah county short sale homes available right now!
in 2018 about 2% of the homes for sale are utah county 
	short sales. the approved utah county short sales have been price-approved 
	by the bank. the unapproved utah county short sales have not been price-approved and are often difficult to purchase. 

paul has sold hundreds of utah county short sales. it is possible to 
	purchase an unapproved short sale, but you typically need an assertive 
	realtor to help you get your offer in first position. above is a list of all 
	the current utah county short sales. this list is automatically updated 
	throughout the day. the 19-minute video above is a step-by-step 
	tutorial explaining how to buy a short sale in utah county and how to get 
	the short sales first. after watching this video, you will be one step 
	closer to buying a utah county short sale.


 




forget about guesses, appraisals, dream prices, and inexperienced realtors' opinions. how about reality? our service is fast, friendly, free and without obligation. we will prepare a 
20 page report comparing your home 
to sold homes.
let's get started!

watch the video on the left and see what team teasdale realty will do to quickly sell your home for top dollar. our marketing works! 
paul's team has 
 sold 92 homes in 2017.
   



 















tweets by @teamteasdale
















 





 
	
 





 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	


  
	
  
	
  
	
  
	
	





				       
	my family     
				resume      blog      cities      schools     
				sold data      directory      site map      contact
				          


			copyright©  2018 developed and published by paul teasdale.  all 
			rights reserved.   |  
			
			privacy policy   |  
			
			resources   
			|   1300+ homes sold  |  

					contact paul google+
