















tenney environmental | environmental test chamber manufacturer



















utility navigation




applications


blog


rental / refurb 


parts store








570.538.7200















































































request a quote












productsaltitude test chamberbenchtop test chamberstenney benchmaster test chambertenney junior compact temperature test chambersbattery test chamberstenney safetest battery test chamberstenney walk-in battery test chamberconditioned air supply systemscustom environmental chambersreach-in test chamberstenney c-evo temperature/humidity test chambertenney fast change rate chamberstenney t2 temperature/humidity cycling test chambertenney tc series cycling test chamberstenney utc upright environmental chamberstenney asiastability chamberslunaire stability test chambers (ceo)lunaire steady state chamber (ss)lunaire walk-in stability test chamber (wss)thermal shock chamberstenney thermal shock junior test chambertenney thermal shock test chambertenney wsp thermal shock test chambervacuum ovenstenney 8.5svo vacuum lab oventenney svo reach-in vacuum ovenvacuum (space) chamberwalk in temperature / humidity test roomsrental/refurb equipmenttenneytenney 8.5svo vacuum lab oventenney benchmaster test chambertenney c-evo temperature/humidity test chambertenney conditioned air supply systemstenney fast change rate chamberstenney junior compact temperature test chamberstenney safetest battery test chambertenney svo thermal fluid-heating vacuum oventenney strat altitude test chambertenney t2 temperature/humidity cycling test chambertenney tc series cycling test chamberstenney thermal shock junior test chambertenney thermal shock test chambertenney utc upright environmental chamberstenney vacuum space chambertenney wsp thermal shock test chambertenney walk in temperature / humidity test roomstenney asialunairelunaire stability test chambers (ceo)lunaire steady state chamber (ss)lunaire walk-in stability test chamber (wss)vacuum & spacetenney 8.5svo vacuum lab oventenney svo thermal fluid-heating vacuum oventenney strat altitude test chambertenney vacuum space chambersindustriesaerospaceagricultureautomotivebatterybiologybiotechnologycosmeticsdefenseeducationelectronicsenergygovernmentmanufacturingmedicalpackagingpharmaceuticalrubbers and plasticssemiconductortelecomtest and measurementtextilesparts & servicereplacement partsmax aftermarketretrofitsvalidationcalibrationpreventive maintenanceinstallation serviceswater filtrationdatasense monitoring systemsupportresourcesask the expertproduct findertechnical informationwarrantyfind your sales managerfinancingfreight claimsabout uscareersemployee benefitsemployee testimonialstps brandsblue mgruenberglindberg / mphwisconsin ovenredline chambersnewseventsmanualsnew in-warranty unitsout of warranty unitscontactnewseventsrental/refurb equipmentparts storerequest a quoteapplications

















 













tenney partners with redline chambers




read about the partnership between tenney environmental and redline chambers, an american vacuum chamber manufacturer.



read the press release








 













tenney environmental test chambers




tenney environmental chambers are designed to meet all of your temperature, humidity, altitude, and vacuum testing requirements.



view all tenney products








 













lunaire steady state stability test chambers




lunaire manufactures steady state, stability, and shelf life testing chambers and walk-in rooms.



view all lunaire products








 













tenney vacuum and space test chambers




tenney’s vacuum test chambers simulate various types of pressure conditions. our thermal vacuum chamber designs vary from 2.65 to 226 cubic feet.



view tenney vacuum and space test chambers








 













environmental chamber aftermarket services




tenney environmental offers a full range of aftermarket chamber services and parts. all services are performed by factory trained technicians. 



view all aftermarket services








 













used & refurbished chambers




as brands of thermal product solutions (tps), tenney and lunaire environmental offer refurbished and rental environmental test chambers, industrial or lab ovens, and furnaces. 



view rental/refurb equipment




























environmental test chambers and rooms
tenney and lunaire boast one of the most comprehensive lines of standard and custom environmental testing chambers and rooms in the industry. known for their innovative engineering and design, robust construction, and superior performance, tenney and lunaire test chambers are designed to meet all of your temperature, humidity, altitude, and vacuum-testing requirements.
tenney and lunaire environmental chambers, rooms, and vacuum ovens are available in a variety of configurations and footprints. their experienced design team works closely with customers in selecting a test chamber that best meets their testing requirements. tenney and lunaire equipment is also backed by a full line of aftermarket services that are performed by factory-trained technicians. click here to download an overview brochure on tenney and lunaire equipment offerings.
explore the wide range of industries served and products offered by tenney and lunaire. contact us to learn more or request a quote today.


















featured product categories







 



steady state chambers









 



benchtop test chambers









 



reach-in test chambers









 



custom environmental chambers







view all products 






featured industries











aerospace













defense













pharmaceutical













medical













automotive







view all industries 






our latest news







 










lunaire environmental to feature stability chambers & rooms at pack expo southeast 
posted date: feb 10, 2025

  lunaire and tenney environmental will be participating in pack expo southeast 2025! pack expo southeast is located in atlanta, georgia, running from march 10th-12th at the georgia world congress center. this is the debut of pack expo in the southeast and, like other pack expo shows, features an exciting array of the latest innovations in packaging and processing. you won’t want to miss this opportunity to make new connections, gain crossover ideas from other industries, and see new packaging and processing tech in action! steady state stability chambers from lunaire environmental lunaire will be showcasing our stability chambers at pack






read more









 










simulate space. test with confidence. explore tenney’s space chambers at satellite 2025!
posted date: feb 10, 2025

  tenney environmental is excited to participate in satellite 2025 from march 10th-13th. satellite 2025 is located in washington dc, at the walter e. washington convention center. satellite is the premier event for the global space and satellite industries. with 14,000+ attendees, top industry speakers, and the new govmilspace program, it’s the place to explore cutting-edge connectivity and defense innovations. tvacs, altitude chambers, and vacuum ovens from tenney environmental tenney environmental manufacturers high performance thermal vacuum chambers (tvacs), altitude chambers, and vacuum ovens designed for precision testing in aerospace, defense, and high-tech industries. tenney’s chambers simulate extreme conditions, from deep-space environments






read more









 










tenney environmental ships custom walk-in chamber to the defense industry
posted date: oct 29, 2024

  tenney environmental, a division of thermal product solutions, announced the shipment of a tenney environmental walk-in chamber to the defense industry. the chamber will be used for thermal cycling of steel parts prior to a radiographic x-ray analysis to check for defects. the chamber features a solid construction rated for outdoor installation, independent from the customer’s main facility. the walk-in environmental chamber has an operating temperature range of -85°f to 200°f and the capacity to process 9,000 lbs. of parts per load. the interior dimensions are 18’ w x 12’ d x 10’ h and the chamber was fully assembled






read more









 










tenney environmental ships vacuum space chamber and two walk-in chambers for testing of large satellites
posted date: jul 10, 2024

  tenney environmental, announced the shipment of a custom thermal vacuum chamber and two (2) walk-in chambers for testing of large satellites. the chambers will simulate the conditions of space and provide the customer with the ability to perform large product testing in house. the space simulation system is a horizontal cylindrical vessel that is 16.5’ in length and 16’ in diameter. the unit is fully constructed with type 304 stainless steel and the internal thermal shroud is made of double embossed stainless steel. the thermal vacuum chamber utilizes three (3) thermal fluid chillers for temperature conditioning and is controlled by






read more









 










tenney ships reach-in thermal shock chamber to the electronics industry
posted date: sep 28, 2023

  tenney environmental announced the shipment of reach-in thermal shock chamber to an electronics manufacturer. this chamber will be used for various types of thermal shock testing and is designed with a 2-zone vertical configuration. this thermal shock test chamber meets applicable test standards including mil-std202 method 107, mil-std883 method 1010, mil-std 750-1a, and more. the product under test is cycled between temperature extremes to expose faults in design or manufacturing. this cycling occurs by transferring the product basket between the vertical zones via an automated carriage transport system with a 200-pound load capacity. this test chamber features an 8 cubic






read more









 










tenney environmental ships two custom walk-in chambers to the defense industry
posted date: aug 15, 2023

  tenney environmental, a division of thermal product solutions, announced the shipment of two (2) tenney environmental walk-in chambers to the defense industry. the chambers will be used for temperature and humidity testing large parts in a variety of shapes and sizes and they are designed for outdoor installation. the walk-in chambers are designed to maintain a relative humidity steady state condition of 95% at 160°f with a temperature control tolerance of +/- 2°f. they have the capacity to process 5,000 lbs of parts per load and an operating temperature range of -85°f to 200°f. these units have interior dimensions of






read more









 










tenney environmental announces partnership with redline chambers
posted date: aug 10, 2022

  tenney environmental is pleased to announce a new partnership with redline chambers. redline chambers was recently acquired by tenney’s parent company, thermal product solutions, llc (tps). redline chambers is an american manufacturer of vacuum chambers and systems for the aerospace, defense, energy, electronics, and medical industries. the company is located in salt lake city, ut, and specializes in providing customers with state-of-the-art vacuum technology and leak testing solutions. tps provides an expansive product offering for thermal processing and test solutions with brands including baker furnace, blue m, gruenberg, tenney, lindberg, mph, wisconsin oven, and now redline chambers. tps brands are






read more









 










fda policy supports the use of tenney environmental chambers to process n95 respirators
posted date: may 03, 2021

  tenney environmental, a division of thermal product solutions (tps, llc), is pleased to announce that the recent fda enforcement policy supports the use of tenney environmental chambers for bioburden reduction on n95 respirators during the coronavirus (covid-19) public health emergency. the fda guidance document [1] supports the use of dry heat processing to reduce the risk of transmission of the sars-cov-2 virus and support limited reuse of niosh approved filtering facepiece respirators. the fda policy states that “based on currently available evidence, dry heat at t = 75 °c for t=30 minutes should reliably achieve ≥ 3-log reduction in non-enveloped






read more









 










tenney environmental ships c-evo temperature and humidity cycling test chamber to a manufacturing company
posted date: jan 28, 2021

  tenney environmental, a division of thermal product solutions, announced the shipment of a tenney environmental c-evo temperature and humidity cycling test chamber. our c-evo series of environmental reach-in chambers are capable of holding at and cycling through a range of temperature and humidity conditions. standard capabilities of this product line include temperature conditions of -68°c to 180°c and humidity conditions of 20%rh to 95%rh within the temperature range of 20°c to 85°c limited by a 5°c dew point. additional equipment can be added to upon request to extend these standard ranges as needed. tenney’s c-evo series of test chambers come






read more







view all latest news 
















tenney/lunaire

 
570.538.7200


 
570.538.7380


 
2821 old route 15
new columbia, pa 17856







sign up to receive our latest news




you must have javascript enabled to use this form.

 
email











leave this field blank


























© copyright tenney/lunaire. 2025. all rights reserved. designed by top floor.





sales resource center | privacy policy | terms of use


















