







home - flood homes





































































 skip to main content skip to footer


































(920) 922-2222 

















tenant web access












apply for residency















 
available properties for sale rental propertiesour communities acacia falls, sheboygan falls, wi ashwood grove, fond du lac, wi eagles landing, land o’lakes, wi edgewater, fond du lac, wi flyway meadows, waupun, wi forest avenue, sheboygan falls, wi meadowbrook park, iron ridge, wi oak park acres, lomira, wi parkway terrace, ripon, wi patrician village, oshkosh, wi whispering meadows – manitowoc, wiabout ustestimonials leave a reviewcontact us














































 



available propertiesour communities acacia falls, sheboygan falls, wi ashwood grove, fond du lac, wi eagles landing, land o’lakes, wi edgewater, fond du lac, wi flyway meadows, waupun, wi forest avenue, sheboygan falls, wi meadowbrook park, iron ridge, wi oak park acres, lomira, wi parkway terrace, ripon, wi patrician village, oshkosh, wi whispering meadows – manitowoc, wiabout ustestimonials leave a reviewcontacttenant web accessapply for residency


















find your perfect home
price
$35,000+

locations
ashwood grove – fond du lac, wi
parkway terrace – ripon, wi
flyway meadows – waupun, wi
oak park acres – lomira, wi
whispering meadows - manitowoc, wi

bedrooms
3+ bedrooms
2 bedrooms





















featured listings




























											*accepted offer!* 955 acorn dr. lomira, wi 53048											


    1155 sq. ft. check out this adorable home!! master bedroom suite with walk in closet, a large,...

view about *accepted offer!* 955 acorn dr. lomira, wi 53048





















											*accepted offer!* n7633 jupiter dr. fond du lac, wi 54937											


    1680 sq. ft. it does not get much better than this, immaculate, spacious, and extremely well cared...

view about *accepted offer!* n7633 jupiter dr. fond du lac, wi 54937





















											*accepted offer! 725 countryview dr. waupun, wi 53936											


    1155 sq. ft. this 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom home features a spacious, open concept layout, a master...

view about *accepted offer! 725 countryview dr. waupun, wi 53936





















											*accepted offer!* w7115 gemini way fond du lac, wi 54937											


    1165 sq. ft. this is an amazing opportunity to own a like new 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom...

view about *accepted offer!* w7115 gemini way fond du lac, wi 54937





















											*accepted offer!* n7669 columbia dr. fond du lac, wi 54937											


    990 sq. ft. if you are looking for a home that has it all, look no further! ...

view about *accepted offer!* n7669 columbia dr. fond du lac, wi 54937





















											*new listing!* 44 parkway terrace #4a ripon, wi 54971											


    1,456 sq. ft. this home is fantastic! recently remodeled.. 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, this open concept floor...

view about *new listing!* 44 parkway terrace #4a ripon, wi 54971





















											*price reduction!* 44 parkway terrace #13b ripon, wi 54971											


    1155 sq. ft. simply amazing! a must see! this completely renovated, 3 bedroom, 2 bath with 1185...

view about *price reduction!* 44 parkway terrace #13b ripon, wi 54971





















											*price reduced!!  stunning home with basement! * 3114 kinglet dr. manitowoc, wi 54220											


    2 bedroom, 2 bath plus sunroom!!  move right in because this ranch style home has it all!...

view about *price reduced!!  stunning home with basement! * 3114 kinglet dr. manitowoc, wi 54220




























find more with flood



























our communities






in association with ashwood communties we have beautiful communities available throughout wisconsin. 







see communities
























storage






we are a member of the wisconsin self-storage association and offer both indoor & outdoor storage.







see storage


























sell your home






if you are interested in selling your manufactured home, we may be interested in purchasing it.







get started
























about us






flood homes is one of central wisconsin's leading manufactured and modular design centers, dating back to the 1950's.







find out more




















flooded with compliments











we used to live in the ashwood grove community and as they were building edgewater, we could just tell it was going to be a really nice place. we live right behind the golf course and absolutely love it. when relatives come to visit, we tell them this is our little bit of heaven out here.

mr. & mrs. gary f.
 neighbors since 2000




we used flood homes 20 years ago and knew we could come back to them. our home buying experience was great. we love our new place. thank you to all at flood homes!

michael & debra h.




i have used flood service twice since moving in this summer. the first time was for a problem with my water heater and also my furnace that was froze up. i talked with kelly over the phone and he first directed me as to what to look for to try and find the “easy” free fix. unfortunately i did need them to come look at it in person. they were very prompt, friendly and i believe went above and beyond to answer questions i had as a first time mobile home owner. i also had to have someone come back for a water leak and also had excellent service. seigo was my service person both times and he was great!!

laurie k.
love the flood service crew




our sales rep was business-like, but also casual at the same time, which made my wife and i very comfortable. from the start of sale, was always available to discuss concerns or to show us other model homes. the friendliness of your entire staff and the will to please the customer was extremely commendable. this showed us right away that flood homes would make us welcome in their community.


mrs. james s.
neighbor since 2006


 









we used to live in the ashwood grove community and as they were building edgewater, we could just tell it was going to be a really nice place. we live right behind the golf course and absolutely love it. when relatives come to visit, we tell them this is our little bit of heaven out here.

mr. & mrs. gary f.
 neighbors since 2000




we used flood homes 20 years ago and knew we could come back to them. our home buying experience was great. we love our new place. thank you to all at flood homes!

michael & debra h.




i have used flood service twice since moving in this summer. the first time was for a problem with my water heater and also my furnace that was froze up. i talked with kelly over the phone and he first directed me as to what to look for to try and find the “easy” free fix. unfortunately i did need them to come look at it in person. they were very prompt, friendly and i believe went above and beyond to answer questions i had as a first time mobile home owner. i also had to have someone come back for a water leak and also had excellent service. seigo was my service person both times and he was great!!

laurie k.
love the flood service crew




our sales rep was business-like, but also casual at the same time, which made my wife and i very comfortable. from the start of sale, was always available to discuss concerns or to show us other model homes. the friendliness of your entire staff and the will to please the customer was extremely commendable. this showed us right away that flood homes would make us welcome in their community.


mrs. james s.
neighbor since 2006


 












read more






























contact us







n7559 north pioneer rd
fond du lac, wi 54937
1-920-922-2222






office open:






monday - friday
9am - 5pm










our communities







acacia falls, sheboygan falls, wi
ashwood grove, fond du lac, wi
eagles landing, land o’lakes, wi
edgewater, fond du lac, wii
flyway meadows, waupun, wi
forest avenue, sheboygan falls, wi
meadowbrook park, iron ridge, wi
oak park acres, lomira, wi
parkway terrace, ripon, wi
patrician village, oshkosh, wi
whispering meadows, manitowoc, wi










rental properties








storage








sell us your home








about us








reviews








latest news






































already a neighbor?






log in to our member portal
- apply for residency
- upcoming events
- upgrade to a new package
- download pdfs
- leave a review






follow flood

































© 2025 flood homes. all rights reserved.









 


















