


























division of academic affairs

























      skip to main content
    










division of academic affairs




site index

info for...

current students
faculty and staff
parents and families


sign ons




search



close search



search

  submit search


faculty handbook




toggle menu










close main menu




division of academic affairs



about


            administrative officers 



            budget and planning 



            dean search, ivy college of business 



            department chairs council 



            meet the provost 



            meet the staff 



            news 



            united way campaign 





academic programs


            academic advising 



            academic programs team 



            accreditation and academic program review 



            assessment 



            global academic programs 



            high impact practices and student success initiatives 



            policies and procedures 





faculty success


            advance 



            advancement and review 



            compensation 



            development 



            faculty success team 



            guidelines, policies, and protocols 



            honors and awards 



            mentoring 



            onboarding 



            recruitment, hiring, and retention 



            work-life integration 





site index










site index

current students
faculty and staff
sign ons

faculty handbook

search

  submit search



























division of academic affairs







 realizing the university's missionthe division of academic affairs is responsible for iowa state’s land-grant mission of education, discovery, and service. the division includes seven academic colleges, the graduate college, university library, office of the vice president for research, iowa state university extension and outreach, and enrollment management.









what is a provost?
 the senior vice president and provost is the university's chief academic officer, and leader of the division of academic affairs. reporting to the president, the provost is responsible for student and faculty success, admissions, financial aid, and numerous programs and services that support students, faculty, and staff.


meet the provost






 how does the office of the senior vice president and provost support student learning and faculty success?












about

meet the staff of the office of the senior vice president and provost and discover how we can help you.

learn more about about









academic programs

see how the office of the academic programs leads and directs accreditation, academic program reviews, assessment, high impact practices, and student success initiatives.

learn more about academic programs









faculty success

discover the ways the office of faculty success guides, empowers, and elevates faculty through development, advancement, work-life integration, and honors and awards.

learn more about faculty success












iowa state aspires to be the nation’s most student-centric leading research university, combining a high-quality educational experience with scholarship that addresses iowa’s greatest challenges, and sharing our expertise broadly in iowa and around the world.






 award-winning faculty








jonathan wendel, 2023 national academy of sciences and american academy of arts and sciences 




elisabeth huff lonergan, 2023 american association for the advancement of science fellow 




lisa schulte moore, 2021 macarthur fellow 




yan zhou, 2023 american association for the advancement of science fellow 





previous slide


next slide





 regular office hours:monday through friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.   


















facebookinstagramlinkedinxyoutube




news


site index




quick links


a-z index


directory


events


faculty senate


policy library


professional and scientific council




division of academic affairs

1550 beardshear hall        515 morrill road
        ames, ia 50011



            515-294-9591


 provost@iastate.edu







privacy policy
non-discrimination policy
digital access and accessibility
consumer information


© iowa state university of science and technology













