butterfly online: table tennis equipment & table tennis news  
   *february sale*
cad 1.44your accountshopaccessoriesadhesivesbagsracket careracket casesmiscellaneousside tapetowelsappareljacketsshirtsshorts/skirtstracksuitsballsbutterflymartin-kilpatrickbladesshakehandchinese penholdjapanese penholdjunior bladescloseoutscourtequipmentnetsfootwearshoessocksgift certificatesinstructionalbooksmonthly salenew arrivalsplayer setsbutterfly setsmk setspre-assembled racketsbutterfly pro-linebutterfly recreationalmk recreationalworld class racketsracket carerobotsbutterfly robotspractice partnerrubberhigh tension pimples-inpimples-inlong pimplespimples-outhigh tension pimples-outhigh friction pimples-intableshomeinstitutionaloutdoorprofessionalpt conversion topssmall tablestournament usedwe are butterfly2025 u.s. open teams2024 u.s. nationals2024 u.s. openamicus demo centersassociationscamps/classesclubscoachesask the expertsbowmar sponsoredbowmar supportedbutterfly sponsoredcsr websitefeatured eventsfethomaniaint’l usa eventsleaguesmajor league table tennisparlorsplayersbowmar sponsoredbowmar supportedbutterfly sponsoredpro shopteamstournamentswritersspecsblade matrixblade specsrobot comparison chart (pdf)rubber specsshoe comparison chartshoe matrixtable faqtable specstechnologyfeaturesspecial materialsthe story with timo continuesbladesouterforce blade seriesfan zhendong blade seriesviscaria super alc bladefranziska innerforce zlcovtcharov innerforce alcrevoldia cnf bladerubbermanufacturing processrubber typesdignics seriesglayzer seriesilius s/bvideosnewsask the expertsarchivessubmit questionfaqall about tenergyrobot comparison chart (pdf)robotstable tennis equipmenttable tennis ruleslatamcontactaboutcontact usbutterfly product feedbackbutterfly special orderscelebrating 65 yearssiteproductsjoin our mailing list
shopaccessoriesadhesivesbagsracket careracket casesmiscellaneousside tapetowelsappareljacketsshirtsshorts/skirtstracksuitsballsbutterflymartin-kilpatrickbladesshakehandchinese penholdjapanese penholdjunior bladescloseoutscourtequipmentnetsfootwearshoessocksgift certificatesinstructionalbooksmonthly salenew arrivalsplayer setsbutterfly setsmk setspre-assembled racketsbutterfly pro-linebutterfly recreationalmk recreationalworld class racketsracket carerobotsbutterfly robotspractice partnerrubberhigh tension pimples-inpimples-inlong pimplespimples-outhigh tension pimples-outhigh friction pimples-intableshomeinstitutionaloutdoorprofessionalpt conversion topssmall tablestournament used
new products 2024 catalog

pdf version 
butterfly 2024 catalog
pdf version 


featured events


















we are butterfly clubs















































































































































robot comparison chart















table tennis tables & rackets for expertsare you looking for high-performance table tennis paddles, tables, and other ping pong supplies? look no further than butterfly for all of your ping pong equipment needs!butterfly is a leading online table tennis store, offering professional table tennis equipment, including ping pong tables and ping pong paddles for experts. quickly advance your game to the next level with a table tennis racket from our selection.butterfly table tennis is proud to support a community of teams, clubs, tournaments, coaches, players, and more. from the most elite to casual weekenders to everyone in between, we carry superior table tennis equipment for all types of players. stay up-to-date with the latest table tennis news, events, and training tips by visiting our news page.featured products2-player & 4-player setsmk indoor/outdoor 2-player setpool table conversion topsfan zhendong blade seriesbutterfly r40+ 3-star ballamicus prime robottable coverjunior table new arrivalswe are continually adding new products to bring you the best of what butterfly has to offer!see our most recently added items in our new arrivals section.shop new arrivalsfeatured eventsbowmar sports, the north american distributor for butterfly table tennis products strives for the advancement of table tennis by sponsoring, highly promoting and attending various tournaments.find an eventask the expertshave a question about technique, blades, rubbers or other table tennis equipment?get the answersvideosimprove your game by browsing the latest informative videos on table tennis tournaments, equipment and we are butterfly players and coaches.watch videosplayersbutterfly is a leading table tennis sponsor, endorsing both north american and international, professional players.view player bioscoachesaccomplished and professional table tennis coaches located in north america offering group and/or private table tennis lessons.find a coachcampslearn to perfect a technique or improve your game for an upcoming tournament by joining a table tennis camp at a butterfly club.reserve your spotclubslooking to compete against other skilled table tennis players in your area? butterfly table tennis clubs are the perfect choice to discover like minded players that share your passion.join a clubtournamentslooking for a tournament to keep your ratings up? stay up-to-date on the tournaments in your area and across north america here!explore the tournaments!latest newsforehand-backhand grip changesfebruary 17, 2025(by larry hodges) when i started out in 1976, the consensus among coaches that i worked with was… read moremy first grand smash by sally moylandfebruary 17, 2025(by sally moyland) after finishing my last us adult team trials match, i was informed of some exciting… read morewab club feature: joyous table tennis clubfebruary 16, 2025(by steve hopkins) joyous table tennis club provides 8 professional tables in one of the largest professional table… read moreittf pan am cup previewfebruary 16, 2025(by steve hopkins) the 2025 pan american cup, the ittf continental cup for the americas, starts this week… read morejha’s hard work is paying offfebruary 15, 2025(by steve hopkins) usa’s kanak jha has been busy, and the hard work is paying off.  jha’s list… read moremuramatsu surprise winner in dusseldorffebruary 14, 2025(by steve hopkins) japanese defender, yuto muramatsu, was the surprise winner at the wtt feeder series event in… read morebutterfly training tips with angel naranjo – modified gameplay falkenburgfebruary 14, 2025(by: bowmar sports) in this butterfly training tips, angel naranjo is executing a popular falkenburg, but modifying it… read morefocus within | fan zhendongfebruary 13, 2025stay grounded and focus on what’s in front of you. face your inner self and hold firm to… read moreview all newsget the latest from butterflystay “in the loop” with butterfly professional table tennis equipment, table tennis news, table tennis technology, tournament results, and we are butterfly players, coaches, clubs and more.
what’s newharimoto innerforce super alc
harimoto innerforce super alc cs
kariya collection
lezoline levalis shoes
team usa 24 apparelbest sellerstop 10
dignics 09c
viscaria blade
centrefold 25
amicus prime
r40+ 3-star ball
zhang jike box setresourcesnew products 2024
2024 catalog
links
resale policy
map products
newsletter
privacy noticeinside butterflyabout
careers
csr website
order form
price guarantee
shipping & termscontact usbowmar sports
4482 technology drive
wilson nc 27896
252.291.4770toll free
800.611.7712
butterfly global



© 2025 butterflyonline.com. all rights reserved.
web design provided by sageislandshopaccessoriesadhesivesbagsracket careracket casesmiscellaneousside tapetowelsappareljacketsshirtsshorts/skirtstracksuitsballsbutterflymartin-kilpatrickbladesshakehandchinese penholdjapanese penholdjunior bladescloseoutscourtequipmentnetsfootwearshoessocksgift certificatesinstructionalbooksmonthly salenew arrivalsplayer setsbutterfly setsmk setspre-assembled racketsbutterfly pro-linebutterfly recreationalmk recreationalworld class racketsracket carerobotsbutterfly robotspractice partnerrubberhigh tension pimples-inpimples-inlong pimplespimples-outhigh tension pimples-outhigh friction pimples-intableshomeinstitutionaloutdoorprofessionalpt conversion topssmall tablestournament usedwe are butterfly2025 u.s. open teams2024 u.s. nationals2024 u.s. openamicus demo centersassociationscamps/classesclubscoachesask the expertsbowmar sponsoredbowmar supportedbutterfly sponsoredcsr websitefeatured eventsfethomaniaint’l usa eventsleaguesmajor league table tennisparlorsplayersbowmar sponsoredbowmar supportedbutterfly sponsoredpro shopteamstournamentswritersspecsblade matrixblade specsrobot comparison chart (pdf)rubber specsshoe comparison chartshoe matrixtable faqtable specstechnologyfeaturesspecial materialsthe story with timo continuesbladesouterforce blade seriesfan zhendong blade seriesviscaria super alc bladefranziska innerforce zlcovtcharov innerforce alcrevoldia cnf bladerubbermanufacturing processrubber typesdignics seriesglayzer seriesilius s/bvideosnewsask the expertsarchivessubmit questionfaqall about tenergyrobot comparison chart (pdf)robotstable tennis equipmenttable tennis ruleslatamcontactaboutcontact usbutterfly product feedbackbutterfly special orders
2021 wttc butterfly blade usage

×			petr korbelmake the most of the long pimpled-effectthe petr korbel blade will support ilius b’s performance due to its moderate bounce. this blade will make drop shots easier with its low trajectory as well as providing high stability when blocking.the combination with innerforce layer alc.s, which has less bounce, would be also a good choice that brings out the rubber’s main performance qualities.blade info

×			innershield layer zlffor players who value chops with wide range of spininnershield layer zlf is a blade for a chopper that requires less bounce and is recommended for the chopper who seeks a more defensive game.the racket makes chops and pushes with a wide range of spin easier and will help you to play a safer game leading to your opponents to make more errors.blade info

×			sk7 classic / -csoffensive punches using long-pimplesthis is a combination with a 7-plywood blade with a relatively high reaction. the racket makes it possible to create shots with speed, such as punches that bounce deeper in the opponent’s court with less trajectory.it is a recommendation for the players who aim to achieve a hybrid game of both attack and defense close to the table using various spins and changes of rhythm.shakehand blade info   |   cs (chinese) blade info

×			diode vfor all-round choppers that play at variable distancesdiode v is a blade for choppers and has high reaction properties. this is recommended for choppers that seek attacking play as well.it is relatively easy to control the opponent’s ball at mid-distance, and it enables players to create heavy chops with a low trajectory when at a long distance away from the table. the racket performs well during various defensive techniques and during defensive play at a variable distance.blade info

×			innerforce layer zlc / -csoffensive punches using long-pimplesthis is a combination with a 7-plywood blade with a relatively high reaction. the racket makes it possible to create shots with speed, such as punches that bounce deeper in the opponent’s court with less trajectory.it is a recommendation for the players who aim to achieve a hybrid game of both attack and defense close to the table using various spins and changes of rhythm.shakehand blade info   |   cs (chinese) blade info

×			harimoto tomokazu innerforce alcdignics 05counter topspin play close to the tabledignics 05 will provide a better sense of holding the ball and adding power if combined with harimoto tomokazu innerforce alc and innerforce layer alc. the combination will enhance the accuracy of topspin against backspin and counter topspin play close to the table.

×			innerforce layer zlcdignics 05powerful play close to the table and from mid-distancethe combination of innerforce layer zlc and apolonia zlc is recommended for the player who seeks powerful play close to the table or at a mid-distance. it enables the player to return the opponent’s service using the banana-flick before executing powerful topspin strokes. both blades possess the sense of holding the ball and releasing the power in a balanced manner.

×			lin gaoyuan alcdignics 05high-level all-round playthis is a combination with a comparably soft and easy-to-handle blade using arylate-carbon, like lin gaoyuan alc, timo boll alc or viscaria. the blend is suited to players who aspire to use aggressive all-round play from all parts of the playing area.

×			hadraw vrdignics 05powerful play with a feeling of all-woodcombing hadraw vr with dignics 05 realizes both powerful offensive play and rich rotation of the ball generated from all-wood feeling.

×			 cypress g-max dignics 05powerful play generated by japanese penholdcombined with dignics 05 and cypress g-max, generates more power, the blend is recommended for japanese penhold players who seek powerful forehand topspin. dignics 80 for more balance and dignics 64 for more speed are also recommended.

×			zhang jike super zlcdignics 80play in higher level without weak pointcombing a rubber well-balanced between speed and rotation, dignics 80, and super zl carbon-equipped racket zhang jike super zlc guides your play to not only a powerful but also a stable higher level.

×			mizutani jun zlcdignics 80smart play at variable distancejun mizutani chooses the combination of dignics 80 and the desirable bounce blade mizutani jun zlc. as dignics 80 has an excellent balance between speed and spin, you can easily decide whether to block or counter depending on the speed of the opponent’s ball. this is the combination enabling an offensive counter topspin away from the table, recommended for the player who plays smart at variable distance.

×			timo boll zlfdignics 80stable and powerful counter topspin playthe combination of dignics 80 and timo boll zlf has both good bounce and control and offers reliability thanks to the holding the ball well. this is recommended for an aggressive well-balanced playing style focused on stability.

×			timo boll cafdignics 80develop the powera wide range of players can benefit from dignics series although its main intended use is for players at intermediate to a high level. the rubber will widen your options by making a powerful stroke possible even though the player is not confident in his/her power play if the stroke movement is short and slow. we recommend the combination with easy-to-use blade timo boll caf to develop your play.

×			zhang jike zlcdignics 64develop the powerplay in higher level without weak pointcombing a rubber well-balanced between speed and rotation, dignics 80, and super zl carbon-equipped racket zhang jike super zlc guides your play to not only a powerful but also a stable higher level.

×			innerforce layer alcdignics 64all-round play in a wider areathe combination is recommended for blocking and counter topspin close to the table. the racket also offers a good experience of topspin against topspin play in the mid/mid-long distance. innerforce layer alc.s which has less bounce is also recommended if you seek more stability.

×			sk7dignics 64stable topspin-against-topspin playdignics 64 which has good spin offers power and stability by combing with all-wood blade sk7 classic.

×			  







