




catholic prophecy | using the past to discern the future



































catholic prophecy
using the past to discern the future


navigation
skip to content

homeabbe souffrant
abbe voclin
abbot joaquim merlin
abbot werdin d’orante
anonymous 16th century prophecy
anonymous 17th century prophecy
bishop christianos ageda
bishop george wittman
bl. rembordt
blessed anna-maria taigi
blessed gaspar del bufalo
blessed rembordt
brother balthassar mas
brother john of the cleft rock
brother louis rocco
caesarius of heisterbach
capuchin friar
countess francesca de billiante
elizabeth canori-mora
eucharistic miracles
fr. freinademetz
fr. nectou, s.j.
helen walraff
hepidanus
ida peerdeman
jasper
johannes friede
liber mirabilis
ludwig heinrich
maria laach monastery
maria steiner
marie de la faudais
marie-julie jahenny
mitar tarabich
monk adso
mother josefa
mother shipton
nicholas of fluh
notre dame des gardes
nursing nun of bellay
oba prophecy
pope (saint) pius x
pope leo vi
pope pius ix
pope pius xii
porsat
rigord of st. denis
rudolfo gilthier
sister bouquillion
sister jeanne royer
sister marianne gaultier
sr. helena walraff
sr. marie dehenny de la faudais
sr. marie jehannet
sr. marie lataste
sr. marie of jesus crucified
sr. mary of jesus crucified
sr. palma maria
sr. rosa columba of taggia
st. anselm
st. anthony of the desert
st. antony the abbot
st. columba
st. columbcille
st. edward
st. ephrem
st. hilarion of czenstochau
st. hildegard
st. john bosco
st. louis de montfort
st. malachy
st. margaret mary alacoque
st. methodius of patara
st. nilus
st. odile
st. senanus
st. thomas
st. thomas a’becket
stormberger
the ecstatic of tours
the monk of premol
the seeress of prague
ven. anne de la foi
ven. barthalomew holzhauser
venerable anna emmerich
venerable mary of agreda
werdin d’otrante
what’s next?








are these the end times?


could saints and mystics predict the future? and, if so, did they have anything to say about the times in which we currently live? we believe the answer to both questions is a clear yes, and the prophecies contained on the pages of this website offer proof that god has spoken through a number of different prophets.
some of the holiest and most spiritually-gifted christians in human history are classified as saints by the catholic church. in fact, the church follows strict guidelines when choosing a saint, and certain criteria must be met, including but not limited to the performance of miracles. catholic prophecy is sometimes part of that.
throughout history, many other devout, extraordinary christians were never canonized, although many of them may share the same principle traits as those deemed worthy of sainthood. and for others, their personal stories were lost to time. we present the prophecies of additional “mystics” for your personal discernment. as the bible tells us, when it comes to prophecies and private revelation, take what is good and leave the rest.
 
god is love
our god is a just, loving and merciful god. he is also a very accommodating god, one who gives his children free will to live as they please. while many respect this gift by living wholesome lives, many more abuse the privilege and take others down with them. god created the world and gave it order, but man, through his free will and in part because of satan’s influence, has turned it into something far different.
the things that we as spiritual human creatures are meant to enjoy – simple things like seeing god in snow-capped mountains, hearing god in the waves that lap the seashore, spending time with god in prayer, and cultivating relationships with friends and family members – have been replaced by too much television, feverish materialism and an overindulgence in “things of this world.” it cannot last. according to a slew of prophecies, it will not last.
many prophecies from saints and mystics foretell of a time in our near future when the catholic church will be under siege. according to some prophecies, a certain scenario will play out: the pope will be forced into exile and will die, the nations will be at war, and then a catholic man will help restore peace in the world and also help rebuild the church with the aide of a new holy pontiff. all of this is supposed to precede the rise of the antichrist and the second coming.
 
prayer and discernment
many people today believe the world is already in the period that some refer to as the end times, and has been for over a century. world war i, world war ii, the rise and fall of communism, the decline of the church and similar events are all part of it, which is why they are mentioned in so many apocalyptic prophecies.
catholicprophecy.org features prophecies from various saints and mystics. they are all thought to be accurate translations and accurate quotes, but we ask you to please use your own discernment and do your own research for verification. some of the prophecies are strikingly graphic while others are somewhat general in what they predict, but one thing connects them: they all seem to pinpoint our present era as the one that will witness these events.

prophecies
homeabbe souffrantabbe voclinabbot joaquim merlinabbot werdin d’oranteanonymous 16th century prophecyanonymous 17th century prophecybishop christianos agedabishop george wittmanbl. rembordtblessed anna-maria taigiblessed gaspar del bufaloblessed rembordtbrother balthassar masbrother john of the cleft rockbrother louis roccocaesarius of heisterbachcapuchin friarcountess francesca de billianteelizabeth canori-moraeucharistic miraclesfr. freinademetzfr. nectou, s.j.helen walraffhepidanusida peerdemanjasperjohannes friedeliber mirabilisludwig heinrichmaria laach monasterymaria steinermarie de la faudaismarie-julie jahennymitar tarabichmonk adsomother josefamother shiptonnicholas of fluhnotre dame des gardesnursing nun of bellayoba prophecypope (saint) pius xpope leo vipope pius ixpope pius xiiporsatrigord of st. denisrudolfo gilthiersister bouquillionsister jeanne royersister marianne gaultiersr. helena walraffsr. marie dehenny de la faudaissr. marie jehannetsr. marie latastesr. marie of jesus crucifiedsr. mary of jesus crucifiedsr. palma mariasr. rosa columba of taggiast. anselmst. anthony of the desertst. antony the abbotst. columbast. columbcillest. edwardst. ephremst. hilarion of czenstochaust. hildegardst. john boscost. louis de montfortst. malachyst. margaret mary alacoquest. methodius of patarast. nilusst. odilest. senanusst. thomasst. thomas a’becketstormbergerthe ecstatic of toursthe monk of premolthe seeress of pragueven. anne de la foiven. barthalomew holzhauservenerable anna emmerichvenerable mary of agredawerdin d’otrantewhat’s next?








search prophecies 
search



like us on facebook 

catholicprophecy.org
catholic links catholic shop
catholic miracles
catholic jewelry
pray the rosary
catholic films
blooming afield
medjugorje
restaurant deals
catholic daily
catholic resources 




 


				a catholicshop.com website, your online source for religious gifts and goods.








