  heating and cooling | wichita, ks | fenix hvac installation and repair       

 
skip to main content
close search
 

 
call now!  316-945-4842 call today for quality service you can count on!
 
menu    
homeheatingheating repairheating installationprotection plancoolingac repairac installationprotection planindoor air qualityair filtersiwave air cleanerhumidifierslennoxproductshear the differencepromotionsregister & reviewshowroomdo it yourselfaboutabout fenixhistoryteamwhy choose fenix?blogtestimonialsemploymentcontactwichita's heating and cooling professionals since 1988!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg0r4uxqcvevideo can't be loaded because javascript is disabled: fenix install2 1 (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg0r4uxqcve)play video 
“we are very pleased with our new furnace and air conditioner and our utility bills have definitely gone down. it was a pleasure working with you and again thank you.”-dennis & vera langplay video 24/7 emergency serviceour team of heating and cooling specialists here in wichita are dedicated to ensuring that your home is comfortable, day or night!100% satisfaction guaranteeheating and cooling isn’t a one-size-fits-all industry. at fenix, we work with you to find the best solution for your family.upfront pricingwe offer dedicated service, not commission-based sales. we won’t talk you into repairs you don’t need or surprise you with hidden fees.fenix heating and cooling is a dave lennox premier dealer and has been the recipient of the lennox centurion award for the last 15 years!click here to know morefrom our blog

generalfenix heating & cooling brings comfort to wichita familyhvac installation giveaway through the lennox feel the love program at fenix heating & cooling, giving back to the community is more than a responsibility—it’s a passion. this year, as part of the lennox feel the love program, we had the privilege of installing a new hvac system for a deserving family in the wichita area, completely free of charge.…

air conditioningis your ac turning on and off? troubleshooting tips from fenix heating & cooling in wichitaan air conditioner that constantly turns on and off—known as short cycling—can be frustrating and may signal an underlying issue with your system. before calling in the professionals, there are a few troubleshooting steps you can try at home to resolve the problem. since 1988, fenix heating & cooling has been the trusted hvac expert in wichita, helping homeowners keep…

generalcan sprinklers damage an ac?how water sprinklers can hurt your air conditioning unit your outdoor ac unit is designed to handle a lot of rough conditions, especially when you have a quality unit from lennox. but there is one yard hazard that you might not expect. in this article, you will read why water sprinklers can damage your outdoor ac unit. fenix heating &…
trust the fenix comfort heroes to rescue you from your heating and cooling problems. don’t wait until the first day of winter to discover your furnace is not working! turn it on today. if it’s not running properly, contact us and we’ll work to get your system fixed before the first frost.join the fenix protection plan service program today! you’ll receive some nice benefits, like 20% off all parts and labor and having the peace of mind to know that your hvac unit is being serviced by the best comfort specialists in wichita!visit our showroom to see all our trusted products on display at 802 west 2nd st., just across from wichita’s new library, or give us a call at 316-945-4842.be sure to check out our current promotions to get the best deal on meeting your comfort needs!“"everyone was great! phillip's first service call was a big reason we decided to have fenix do our new furnace and a/c. diane was great on the phone, cory was wonderful with his presentation and no-pressure sales style and jason was great too. i had no idea it would be so easy to do such a huge job!!" melvin & teresa consell“"very professional in all aspects. cory, don & phil did an excellent job of explaining all aspects of the equipment's operation. the clean up after was thorough and they took care not to damage anything in the process. we are very happy with the lennox products chosen and enjoy the almost. silent operation of the system. it has been our pleasure to know and work with each of these men. they all went the extra mile for us. thanks" dan & karen tevis“"cory was very patient and worked without out hectic schedule. the installers took care to cover my carpets before work and the inspector of the job said they do very good work" drew & doris leslie“"cory did a great job explaining different equipment options; he was very prompt and worked with us on setting up duct cleaning (he called and arranged the service with another company). cj and phillip were very professional and did a very good job installing/fabricating all parts. each person involved with this job took the time to explain features of the new system and gave advice on how to best use the system. i greatly appreciate the professionalism and service i received from fenix. thank you!" mason robbins“"phillip & don did an excellent job and we are very satisfied with our new furnace. cory was very good to work with also. mark has done an excellent job for us as our service technician since we have lived here." brett miller“"on a scale of 1 to 10, the installers were a 12 1/2. the same is true of cory & luke. we selected fenix out of four vendors, whom we had for estimates" terry and mary carney“complete new system. 1 day installation and running fine. install crew was professional and used drop cloths in and around work area to keep work area relatively clean. no complaints for me so far. if you do some homework a lot of problems are not the system but the installation especially if its troubles out of the box. happy with fenix with the way i was treated. joe“cory did a great job discussing lennox products, options, pricing and financing during the initial visit. his team did an outstanding job installing the system in one day. we are very happy with our purchase and now saving money every day on cooling costs, just in time for the summer temperatures. erin“the guys at fenix are awesome. good people you can count on. not high pressure or pushy! matthew“"all were terrific! i know quality when i see it! they were professional, courteous, timely and very knowledgeable. i will recommend fenix to all my friends and the lennox product is unbelievable!" luis & june c
fenix heating & cooling
802 w 2nd st. n
wichita, ks 67203
phone: 316-945-4842


homeabout usblogcontact usemploymentproduct selectorhear the differencepromotionsfinancing options are available through service finance company bankproduct categoriesfurnacecomfort controlsair conditionersheat pumpsair handlersindoor air qualitypackaged unitsboilersgarage heatersmini-split systemssolar ready© 2025 fenix heating & cooling. | privacy policyclose menu
 homeheatingheating repairheating installationprotection plancoolingac repairac installationprotection planindoor air qualityair filtersiwave air cleanerhumidifierslennoxproductshear the differencepromotionsregister & reviewshowroomdo it yourselfaboutabout fenixhistoryteamwhy choose fenix?blogtestimonialsemploymentcontact


×			     




