






antimusic - fan interactive rock news, reviews, views, interviews and more!











jealous haters since 1998!












home
| news
| reviews
| day
in rock | photos
| rocknewswire
| singled out

| tour dates/tix

| feeds















  
top stories






lamb of god's mark morton streams chester bennington collaboration- rush members to make special appearance- unreleased david bowie tracks in new collection- more
 the latest day in rock stories



tool complete recording of long awaited new album- high on fire cancel tour over medical emergency- van halen in the studio for 1984 anniversary- more
very latest news!
get the very latest news headlines at the new rocknews.info



















.
latest
features




root 66: dan johnson - hemingwayjohnson offers a unique bit of artistry here with a 2-cd release that features a five song ep and a companion audio book. 
quick flicks: high voltage"high voltage" is a new production written and directed by alex keledjian ("feast," "project greenlight") and starring david arquette, allie gonino, ryan donowho, perrey reeves and luke wilson 
best of 2018: panic! at the disco live in chicagopanic! at the disco rode into chicago's united center for a storming show high on musical ecstasy. a ten-minute countdown clock began at 8:50pm revving the audience's anticipation and as the band members ascended from below the stage 
tony k's the best concert of 2018: lordei saw over one-hundred different artist perform live in 2018 and there was one performance i couldn't shake. it left me transformed along with questions i am still seeking answers to. 
best of 2018: journey and def leppard rock talking stick arena in phoenixour most read review of the year! fans were treated to an evening of non-stop hits as two groups who have plenty of them, journey and def leppard, teamed up for a september 7 show at the talking stick arena in downtown phoenix 
live from celebrity theatre: john paul whitesinger john paul white, formerly of the four-time grammy award-winning duo the civil wars, played a brief set at celebrity theatre in phoenix as the opening act for john prine 
live from celebrity theatre: brian setzer orchestra rocks phoenixit was an evening of rockabilly merrymaking as the brian setzer orchestra brought their "christmas rocks! 15th anniversary tour" to the celebrity theatre 
vinyl - rock hall, the ratchets and morefor the vinyl lover on your list, here are some of the season's tasty releases not to be overlooked. 
def leppard box setenglish rockers def leppard couldn't have picked a better name for their 1987 album hysteria as fans went nuts for the hit-packed offering. 
holiday gift guide: vinyl edition classical musicin our final gift guide of the season for vinyl lovers, we recommend four classical music releases and three very cool independent releases. 




....



more
news



more
reviews








lamb of god's mark morton streams chester bennington collaboration
rush members to make special appearance
unreleased david bowie tracks in new collection
def leppard announce summer tour dates
avenged sevenfold's m shadows guests on john dolmayan album
aerosmith to rock steven tyler's grammy awards viewing party
tedeschi trucks band streaming new song 'hard case'
queen bohemian rhapsody biopic nominated for seven bafta awards
behemoth release ecclesia diabolica catholica video
blues music awards nominees announced


more
news



box sets - neil diamond, the kinks and morewhat's in that nicely wrapped package under the tree? it might be a box set from neil diamond, the kinks or a box featuring the best of cuban music from 50-years ago. 
santa's jukebox: elton john, the lumineers and moreho ho ho! let's check out some of the season's holiday-themed songs from the likes of elton john, the lumineers, jack mosbacher and more 
the killers career vinyl boxthe whole lot comes in a heavy duty cardboard slipcase with eye-catching cover graphics that nod to the strip in the band's hometown of las vegas 
caught in the act: lita ford liverob grabowski caught lita ford in the act during show at the arcada theatre in st. charles, il. on friday nov. 9, 2018. check out rob's great photos! 
guns n' roses - appetite for destruction super deluxe edition 4-cds + blu-rayguns n' roses fans will be headed straight to paradise city with this big appetite for destruction box set 
caught in the act: imagine dragons liverob grabowski caught imagine dragons in the act at the hollywood casino amphitheatre on friday, july 13, 2018, in tinley park, il stop of their evolve world tour 
caught in the act: the struts liverob grabowski caught the strutsin the act during show at the house of blues on friday, nov. 23, 2018, in chicago., il. check out rob's great photos! 
caught in the act: steel panther liverob grabowski caught steel panther in the act during show at the house of blues on thursday, nov. 29, 2018, in chicago, il.. check out rob's great photos! 
box sets, part 1 - hendrix, elo, angelthe holiday season is always overflowing with new box set releases and other special collections, and here are a few of our favorite recent releases from angel, elo and jimi hendrix. 
ghost live in chicagothere is no other band in the world quite like ghost. over the last decade and four albums, they've maintained an aura of mystery behind them 
monster truck - true rockersmonster truck must be burning nitro this time out as they come out careening down the rock and roll highway with "true rocker" 
caught in the act: twenty one pilots liverob grabowski caught twenty one pilots in the act during the chicago stop of the 'the bandito tour' at the united center on oct 17, 2018. 
caught in the act: alice cooper liverob grabowski caught alice cooper in the act during in rockford, il   stop of the 'a paranormal evening with alice cooper' tour at the coronado performing arts center on wednesday, oct 24, 2018. 
morleyview k.k. downing (judas priest)judas priest guitarist k.k. downing spoke to morley about his excellent new autobiography heavy duty: days and nights in judas priest and a number of other topics. 
five for fighting singled out special: supermanwe have a very special singled out to celebrate five for fighting kicking off a unique and intimate tour. we asked john ondrasik to tell us about one of his most beloved songs: 'superman'. 
caught in the act: judas priest and deep purple liverob grabowski caught judas priest and deep purple in the act during show at he hollywood casino amphitheatre on wednesday, aug 22, 2018, in tinley park, il. check out rob's great photos! 













 

tell
a friend about this page - contact
us - privacy - antimusic
email -  why we are antimusic
copyright©
1998 - 2013 iconoclast entertainment group
all
rights reserved.
antimusic works on a free link policy for reprinting of our original articles, click here for details. please click here for legal restrictions and terms of use applicable to this site. use of this site signifies your agreement to the terms of use.


[an error occurred while processing this directive]




