


wingsinflight - gardening with native plants to attract wildlife, birds and things with wings.










 
wings in flight



 
 

 



home page
a little about me
whats new 
gardening for wildlife 
birding 
purple martins
favorite links 
contact 

 




above - green jay, rio grand valley, texas. 
 welcome towings in flight... 
... where i will share some of my interests such as birding and gardening for wildlife, and my love of nature with a special fondness for those things with wings. i hope the information in these pages is a source of inspiration for you in some way. any additions to these pages can be found by clicking on the whats new page.   enjoy :) 


  gardening for wildlife...
 the garden in these pages is about a small oasis that was created in the suburban surroundings of north central texas. it consists of a mixture of mostly native and adapted drought tolerant plants and is certified with both the national wildlife federation & texas parks & wildlife as a backyard habitat / texas wildscape, resulting in a "best of texas backyard habitat" certification.  i consider gardening for nature to be very important, giving back what has been taken from it due to increased habitat destruction. more about gardening for wildlife, birds, hummingbirds, bees & butterflies can be found on the gardening for wildlife page.  
  birding...
i love to bird! from watching the common backyard birds to going away on field trips to other places in search of new birds, it is one of the most enjoyable hobbies i have. it can be done anywhere, at any time and can be done without any major expense, although be warned, once hooked there are always more places to visit, more toys to buy...!  visit my  birding page  for more on this great hobby.


  purple martins
 although i no longer host a purple martin colony, i have included a page about the trials and errors that i have experienced over the past 16 years of martin landlording. purple martin page  lots of information regarding purple martins can be found at the purple martin conservation association (pmca)
    all content including photos on this site are copyright © :rachel lee. all rights reserved.  55989   
 
 
 

trio castle & natural gourds.  
 




 




 
 


 






