






sjmc berks

































sjmc berks
























 leave a comment

											updated on april 25, 2019									

a brief history of the heart institute at st. joseph

by lily jacobs


in 1873, the sisters of st. francis founded penn state health st. 
joseph, it is a non-profit network that combines four other hospitals. 
together they provide excellent medical and surgical services. in late 
2006, the brand-new hospital compound and health campus opened its doors
 on 40 acres in bern township. the network provides full-range of health
 services for all its patients. here are some details of the services 
offered at pennstate health, st. joseph:
heart institute
the heart institute at st. joseph provides new cardiac and vascular 
services of great scope, arranged in a way that fulfills the patient’s 
urgencies from faint problems to harsh heart and vascular complications.
the accomplished and professional personnel is unmatched in all areas
 of care and analysis of heart problems. the heart institute at st. 
joseph covers the full spectrum of cardiac care profession for taking 
responsibility and providing a solution for all heart and vascular 
problems. from blocked arteries to congestive heart failure.
cancer center
cancer is a complex and multifaceted disease. if you are or a loved 
one going through the battle, you do not have to do it alone. choosing 
the health care team to be on your side is the most critical decision 
you could make. the dedicated team at the cancer center in penn state 
health st. joseph is your best ally.
the certified oncology specialists work in harmony to create a 
personalized plan unique to you. they keep you updated and keep your 
company each step of the way. they explain the treatment options that 
fit your case and give you access to national groups if needed.
best of all, the hospital takes credit cards (and no worries if your credit is shot, there are companies that specialize in credit repair that will help!).
general surgery
pennstate health, st. joseph offers many excellent services most 
notably the general surgery practice, they offer that latest technology 
in caring for all small and big operation problems. all general surgeons
 are certified by the american board of surgery and are fellows of the american college of surgeons.
the team of professional surgeons provides consultations and second 
opinions as required. moreover, they have gone through uncompromising 
and brutal training. so there’s minimal probability for mistakes.
breidegam family birthing center
opened in 2006 it provides ultra-modern special care for pregnant 
women and newborns. the center has 15 separate maternity suits, 
including 6 devoted to cesarean section patients, where mothers and 
their babies are taken care of together. the suites design allows more 
intimacy between the family and the baby. the suites are also 
comfortable and equipped with the latest technologies. the facilities 
are kept clean by local maid service companies.
wound care
the wound center at pennstate health, st. joseph is all about 
bringing complete healing. combining technology, trained skilled care, 
and a considerate chunk of human touch. you do not need just medical 
attention; you also need faith.
the wound center provides decidedly functional and personalized care 
plans designed to heal each wound case by case. the doctors and nurses 
work with patients to cure the ailment and help them to prevent it from 
happening again.
the pennstate health, st. joseph still offers a broad range of other 
medical services such as treatment of varicose and spider veins and 
respiratory care services, it is all in one network of hospitals for all
 of your medical needs.

























copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · sjmc berks
swell lite from organic themes · rss feed















