












marin county golf - mcinnis golf center - 415-492-1800




















































































































































facebookxinstagramjoin our birthday club | 350 smith ranch road | san rafael | ca 94903 | 415.492.1800 


0shopping cartgolf




rates
course details
men’s club
women’s club
calendar
events

blog
tournaments & outings
“bad girls” golf league
middle school golf


newsletter




faq





tee times

tee times
virtual tee time waitlist


buy online

browse the store
view my cart
edit my account


academy

adult classes
op 36 junior program
drive, chip and putt junior development program
junior summer camp/junior golf school
middle school golf
private and group instruction
2025 ski week junior golf camp
2025 spring break junior golf camp


toptracer

toptracer
toptracer leaderboard


restaurant/takeout
mini golf
slush by the park

order online


contact us





menu


menu

 







welcome to mcinnis park golf coursecome enjoy some of the best marin county golf!
we are open late, with brand new range lights! our lights turn off @ 9 pm every night. see you soon!!!
book a tee time onlinefeaturing toptracer range technology!enjoy our 18 hole miniature golf coursebirthday, corporate, and team building party packages are available by reservation.
learn morefine dining & family funenjoy light fare, full course lunches and dinners, or select brunch items on saturday and sunday, served in our spacious dining room or outdoor patio.
learn morepreviousnext



mcinnis park golf academy junior golf camps
  


learn more


marin county golf at the mcinnis park golf course… fairways, fine food & family fun!
when you come play the mcinnis park golf course, you will enjoy some of the best golf in marin county. whether you are looking to improve your game, or simply indulge in a day of marin county golf, our course is perfect for you. our picturesque golf course will allow you to focus on your golf game and leave the distractions of life behind. our professionally designed course will challenge you to decrease your score on our fairways, several water hazards and strategically placed sand traps. most people who play our course love it so much, they book their next tee time after their round of golf.
when you come play the mcinnis park golf course, you will thoroughly take pleasure in our professionally serviced facilities. we feature a quality pro shop with an assortment of the latest golf gear. we even have a delicious restaurant for you golfers who want to grab a bite before or after your exciting round of golf. for the golfer who has to work late, we are equipped with a driving range where you can sharpen your skills or take a lesson from one of our golf professionals. we pride ourselves on ensuring you have an excellent experience while at our mcinnis park golf center.




golf course


the club restaurant and banquet facility


miniature golf



 driving rangeopen 7 a.m. – 9 p.m.
come out and hit a bucket of balls after work!


stand alone range winner
mcinnis park has been selected as a
2020 golf range association of america top 50 range in the stand alone category.

more info
mcinnis park club restaurantfairways, fine food & family fun…




let’s stay connected!subscribe to our emails by clicking below.

subscribe to our emails!
   

hours of operation golf course:
daily: 7:00 am – 9:00 pm
top tracer range:
daily : 7 am – 9 pm
thursdays the range is not open until 9am.
club restaurant hours :
call for reservations: 415-491-5990
sunday and monday 11 a.m. to 8 p.m.
tuesday- saturday 11 a.m. to 9 p.m.
slush by the park:
phone: 415-491-5995
closed mondays
tuesday – friday: 10:00 am – 5:00 pm
saturday – sunday: 10:00 am – 6:00 pm
mini golf
closed mondays
tuesday – friday: 10:00 am – 5:00 pm
saturday – sunday: 10:00 am – 6:00 pm

want to play mini golf outside of these hours? check-in at the pro shop


course closed on wednesdays for the winter
 

like us on facebook instagram: @mcinnisparkgolfcomplex

our location mcinnis park golf center
350 smith ranch road
san rafael, ca
94903

(415) 492-1800

find us





© copyright  marin country golf   powered by teesnap | privacy policy | terms of service | cookie policy | return policy 
facebookxinstagram






scroll to top










 
































































