















chickasha, ok - official website | official website









  















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in

















    government       city services      residents      businesses      visitors      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 

 


 













search







 
 
 






 
















shop with a cop
the chickasha police department enjoys interacting with students and serving our community during the annual shop with a cop event.



























  
 
 












 














report a concern








agendas & minutes










 
 














financial transparency








online payments










 
 














current job openings








bid notices










 
 
 




 














utility billingpay your bill








animal shelteradopt a pet










 
 














parks & recreationlearn








apply for permitsview forms










 
 
 

























 














events, meetings, and updates


chickasha events
 






  
 
 
















welcome to chickasha, ok
stop at chk for 24/7 fuel! our 5,101-foot concrete runway and two turf runways can accommodate a variety of aircraft. 








chickasha festival of light
celebrating 32 years in 2024!









						1
						airport




						2
						christmas lights








  
 



  
 





 events
 meetings




 events












feb
22	


craftapalooza! wandering market  a craft + variety show
			 craftapalooza wandering market will be held on fe...		
craftapalooza! wandering market  a craft + variety showlearn more






mar
7	


2025 giles symposium
			on march 7, 2025, the university of science & ...		
2025 giles symposiumlearn more






mar
14	


mazuri aoa national alpaca show heritage farm alpacas & events and raynay alpaca farm
			alpaca breeders from across the nation will gather...		
mazuri aoa national alpaca show heritage farm alpacas & events and raynay alpaca farmlearn more






mar
15	


mazuri aoa national alpaca show heritage farm alpacas & events and raynay alpaca farm
			alpaca breeders from across the nation will gather...		
mazuri aoa national alpaca show heritage farm alpacas & events and raynay alpaca farmlearn more




view all events
submit an event + 



/calendar.aspx





 meetings











february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












mon, feb. 17  

city council, chickasha municipal authority, and chickasha municipal airport authority meetings










view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 



 














2,000acres of park system
 




50,000books & materials available to checkout at the library
 






  
 














16,745population
 




454active building & remodel permits
 






  
 
 




 














stay up to date with chickasha


news & announcements
 






  
 














city to host fall clean-up event with hazardous waste disposal opportunity 


the city of chickasha's fall clean up event will be october 16-19 at the public works facility. for the first time, citizens will also have the opportunity to dispose of tires and hazardous waste during one day of the event.						more information...







city of chickasha to perform annual water system maintenance 


usw and the city of chickasha will perform annual water system maintenance from september 23 through october 1. during this period, free chlorine, rather than chloramines, will be used to ensure the system remains safe and free of any biofilm growth.						more info...







city of chickasha hires assistant police chief daimon alexander 


the city of chickasha is pleased to announce the hiring of daimon alexander as assistant chief of police.						read on...







chickasha first responders host mock dui event at high school 


on october 3, the chickasha fire and police departments partnered with the oklahoma highway patrol & survival flight to host a mock dui event at the high school. during the event, students watched four classmates act out an intoxicated driving acciden...						read on...







rachel bernish selected for woman of the year award 


rachel bernish, assistant city manager of chickasha, was selected as the women in municipal government (wimg) 2023 woman of the year for communities over 5,000 at the oklahoma municipal league annual conference.						read on...







chickasha police department adds three officers 


during the tuesday, september 5, 2023 chickasha city council meeting, judge michael chaffin held a swearing in ceremony for three chickasha police officers, trenton freeman, jonithan horse and martin amerson.						read on...







chickasha voters pass sales tax measure 


tax to provide funding for new water treatment facility, capital projects						read on...






city looks to pass permanent sales tax for capital projects 


the chickasha city council has called for a vote of citizens to approve a permanent 1.25% sales tax. revenue generated from this sales tax will be used to build a new water treatment facility and fund other capital projects.						read on...







johnson hired as chickasha city manager 


during thursday’s special chickasha city council meeting, council members approved an employment contract with keith johnson, who they’ve hired as chickasha’s city manager.						read on...







chickasha’s loggins named finalist for national civic volunteer award 


2021 small town america civic volunteer award winners announced by civicplus®						read on...







oklahoma ninety-nines chapter paints compass rose at chickasha municipal airport 


on saturday, september 14, more than a dozen members of the oklahoma chapter of the ninety-nines, inc. volunteered at the chickasha municipal airport, painting a 70-foot compass rose and refreshing the chickasha lettering on the taxiway.						read more...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














stay connected
 






  
 
 







get news & alerts







subscribe here










 
 









   





 
 



  
 








 
 
 





 



  
 















 






  
 









   





 
 



  
 







contact us







	117 n 4th street
chickasha, ok 73018
phone: 405-222-6020
fax: 405-222-6029 
 






  
 



  
 







helpful links







facilities



animal control



sanitation pick-up schedule







flood information



municipal codes



fee schedule









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 
 



 














home







site feedback







employee access







site map







accessibility







copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









