







triumvir – simplifying legal needs


































































twitterdribbbleinstagramcall us now: +1-326-367-0817 


home
about
practice areas
blog
get in touch
search




menu


menu

 







our mission
we work tirelessly & aggressively pursuing our client’s interestsbusiness litigation
the business litigation department handles a broad range of business and commercial matters, including contract disputes, construction litigation, bankruptcy, health care, unfair competition, business torts, employment litigation, insurance disputes, environmental litigation, real estate litigation, corporate and partnership disputes and securities litigation.


learn moreconstruction litigation
the broad field of construction law has long been an area with which the firm has wide experience. we represent owners, contractors, sureties, subcontractors, suppliers, architects, and engineers in a wide variety of matters related to the construction field. lawyers in our construction practice group can assist in negotiating contracts and can handle all aspects of claims.


learn moreinsurance litigation
the firm practices in a number of insurance-related areas, such as advising insurers as to coverage under commercial liability, marine, inland marine, automobile, property and casualty, and other insurance policies. we also represent insurers in declaratory actions and actions to intervene in pending litigation, bringing policy rescission actions, and defending bad faith claims.


learn more

how we can be of your help
to ensure the high quality of our services to clients, we keep our overhead low so that we can provide affordable representation to our clients while still maintaining the highest quality of service.



get in touch by mail or phone
we welcome you to browse our site and invite you to visit our office. you can call us to book a free consultation. we also work on a contingency fee basis. we do not get paid unless you win.

expert consultation
at our office, your case will not be passed off to a low-level associate or paralegal. an experienced attorney will handle every aspect of your case from beginning to end.

starting your case
we are full-service law firm that can help with most of your personal or business legal needs. we always provide solid legal assistance and excellent client service by being your voice & face.

why should you choose us?
being your voice, face and ultimately your representative in the courtroom makes who you choose as your legal defense lawyer the most important decision in your case. there are legal defense lawyers for every area of law. what’s important is choosing a lawyer that has a proven track record for being a courtroom litigator. big business have high priced insurance lawyers on their side, you should have the same.
our lawyers are experienced trial attorneys who believe that the client must always come first. we spent a good portion of our careers representing the insurance industry, but we have decided to trade in our black hats for white ones and we are ready to put our experience to work for you. we do honest and aggressive representation for individuals and businesses.
what makes us different?
we will tirelessly and aggressively pursue our client’s interests to the absolute best of our ability. we are dedicated to representing individuals and businesses that can’t afford high-priced downtown law firms. we keep our overhead low so that we can provide affordable representation to our clients while still maintaining the highest quality of service. at our office, your case will not be passed off to a low-level associate or paralegal. an experienced attorney will handle every aspect of your case from beginning to end.
if we represent you, you can be assured that your case will always be handled by an experienced attorney who put your interests first.

with the highest integrity and character, we have established a tradition of aggressively representing our clients.our goal is to obtain the best results possible for each client in every case. our firm relies on referrals from clients and fellow attorneys,
and referring attorneys know their clients receive experienced representation. call us today for a free consultation.

get in touch
areas of expertise
our attorneys have the experience to effectively manage any legal matter in any practice area for clients throughout the state, the region, and beyond. business and commercial litigation represent practice areas in which the firm’s lawyers forcefully demonstrate this wide-ranging experience. we serve a client base diverse in size, industry, and geography, with a broad mix ranging from fortune 500 companies, to medium and large-sized enterprises, to individuals. at triumvir we’re prepared to help you with your legal needs.



business litigation
the business litigation department handles a broad range of business and commercial matters, including contract disputes, construction litigation, bankruptcy, health care, unfair competition, business torts, employment litigation, insurance disputes, environmental litigation, real estate litigation, corporate and partnership disputes and securities litigation.


learn more
civil litigation
approximately one half of the firm’s attorneys are active trial lawyers. we also has an active appellate practice and has been involved in many landmark decisions. civil litigation has evolved into a broad range of matters – including personal injury claims, contract disputes, workers’ compensation, product liability, environmental matters, construction law, and class actions.


learn more
employment litigation
the firm’s employment practice group encompasses all aspects of state and federal employment law, including employment discrimination, wrongful discharge, unemployment compensation, and wage and hour matters. the firm also provides extensive advisory and counseling services in such areas as employment contracts, employee handbooks, restrictive covenants, family and medical leave.


learn more
insurance litigation
the firm practices in a number of insurance-related areas, such as advising insurers as to coverage under commercial liability, marine, inland marine, automobile, property and casualty, and other insurance policies. we also represent insurers in declaratory actions and actions to intervene in pending litigation, bringing policy rescission actions, and defending bad faith claims.


learn more
construction litigation
the broad field of construction law has long been an area with which the firm has wide experience. we represent owners, contractors, sureties, subcontractors, suppliers, architects, and engineers in a wide variety of matters related to the construction field. lawyers in our construction practice group can assist in negotiating contracts and can handle all aspects of claims.


learn more
health litigation
the firm provides legal services to hospitals, physicians, and other health care institutions and practitioners on a wide variety of matters. these include certificate of need and facility license concerns; medical staff privileges and corrective action; professional licensing and investigations by licensing agencies; physician recruitment and retention, managed care.


learn more
5,000+cases served
20+years of experience
24/7availability & support
millions $earned for our clients

latest from our newsroom



uncategorized  important facts you should know about juul pods			 over the years, a growing number of people have decided to replace regular cigarettes with vaping. for people who are new to vaping like juul pods, it’s only natural that you have some questions in mind.
juul pods provide a unique and exceptional way of vaping. the great and classy designs of these devices give you the feeling of puffing on a premium product. for a little help on where to get the best juul pods, you should visit eliquid depot here for premium and classy juul pods.
with juul pods, you will undeniably enjoy the pleasure you get as each puff enters and exits your lungs. with an unbeatable lineup, you get to enjoy a varied selection of juul pods.
if you’re new to this product, we will be providing answers to some of the questions you might have regarding juul pods.
what is the difference between smoking and vaping?
smoking involves the burning of tobacco, resulting in the absorption and inhalation of smoke. invariably, you smoke your usual cigarette but you cannot smoke an e-cigarette like puff bar because there is no combustion or tobacco. instead, e-cigars heat a nicotine-containing liquid, generating a vapor that’s inhaled. therefore, you vape and e-cigarette.
are juul pods less hazardous than tobacco smoking?
definitely, yes. medical professionals believe that e-cigarettes like juul pods are less hazardous than typical tobacco cigarettes. you need to understand that smoking is connected with a myriad of serious health issues to the smoker and the people around them. therefore, if you make the switch from cigarettes to juul pods, you can considerably cut down on severe health hazards.
is nicotine harmful?
it has to be said that using nicotine does not cause or bring about smoking-related illnesses like cancer or heart disease. nonetheless, it is very addictive. this results in the general misconception that people can get a nicotine overdose from using e-cigarettes.
in reality, you’re not at risk of poisoning yourself, and there have been no cases of overdose from inhaling e-liquids which are essentially nicotine fluids vaporized by juul pods. therefore, you’re encouraged to use your vaping device regularly to manage nicotine withdrawal and the urge to smoke.
can juul pods blow up?
when you use good quality vaping devices regularly, there is no chance of dangerous chemicals being present in your e-cigar vapor as compared to what you’d get from tobacco smoke. when vape juice overheats, it gives off an awful, acrid taste. you will know if this happens. and the fact that juul pods are disposable means they do not require charging or replacement battery.
are they affordable?
with vapes you will notice an increase in savings compared to when you spend on tobacco cigarettes. a starter kit costs about $10, and you’d only need to replace the atomizer once in a while for some bucks. besides, you would have to buy your vape juice.
however, with juul pods, prices start at $4 and you wouldn’t have to worry about purchasing vape juice regularly. this is because they come pre-filled. and, there is a wide selection of flavors to choose from.
november 13, 2021/0 comments/by triumvir

https://www.triumvir3.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/trlogo-300x116.png
0
0


triumvir

https://www.triumvir3.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/trlogo-300x116.png

triumvir2021-11-13 20:49:442021-10-14 20:50:33important facts you should know about juul pods
join point

triumvir3
   
link to: get in touchany more questions? feel free to write us a mail!
we serve a client base diverse in size, industry, and geography, with a broad mix ranging from fortune 500 companies, to medium and large-sized enterprises, to individuals. at triumvir we’re prepared to help you with your legal needs. we are just a call away. call us today for a free consultation









triumvir
triumvir law agency | attorneys of law | 1430 fincham road, ontario, ca 91761
phone: +1-326-367-0817 | fax: +1-326-367-0818 | email: office@triumvir3.com
vat-nummer: 73648748 | asdf-code: s635475
located in  california, the law firm of enfold law l.l.p. represents clients throughout california, including, but not limited to the cities of los angeles, santa ana, yorba linda, san juan capistrano, mission viejo, newport beach, huntington beach, tustin, irvine, costa mesa, fullerton, brea, corona, chino, temecula, lake elsinore and orange county, los angeles county, riverside county, san bernardino county and san diego county.
disclaimer
the information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. the information is provided by triumvir and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.

about | triumvir | contact | terms

© 2021 triumvir3.com all rights reserved

  



scroll to top

this is a notification that can be used for cookie consent or other important news. it also got a modal window now! click "learn more" to see it!oklearn morecookie and privacy settings
how we use cookies


we may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.



essential website cookies


these cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.



other external services


we also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.



privacy policy


you can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 




accept settingshide notification only

























