
















ask a biologist | ask a biologist




































looking for the legacy site? click here












ask a question
teacher's toolbox
listen and watch































 















welcome to ask a biologist. this site has a large collection of biology learning materials that includes stories, games, activities, videos, and a podcast.














read our stories


listen and watch


enjoy our activities


view zoom galleries


solve puzzles



















 


puzzling pathogens you know you're sick, but what might you have? is it bacteria, fungi, or viruses that are causing your illness? learn about the differences between these pathogens and about how certain medicines can treat some, but not others.also in: español…
 


how to make an origami protein channelwhen was the last time you folded a piece of paper to make a fun shape? maybe you made a paper plane or tried origami to make a swan. believe it or not, the building blocks inside your body also need to fold into the right shapes to work properly. in this activity, you can build your…
 


bats like humans, bats are mammals. they are warm-blooded, covered in hair, have live young, and nurse their young (called pups). unlike humans, bats have wings, which allow them to fly.also in: nederlands | français |…
 


crispr scienceget the 411 or in this case the atgc on dna and the new gene editing tool called crispr.




explore our stories









 


casting a podcast linepodcasting is new to both ask a biologist and an exciting new science program called science studio. the host of this new show, peggy coulombe, talks with dr. biology about what it has been like to start podcasting.
 


history, rabbits, and a deadly virusthis is the story of wild rabbits, humans, and a virus that might lead to a treatment for cancer. it is also a lesson about learning from history and how a virus that is deadly to some rabbits could become a new cancer-fighting tool for humans. twice humans moved wild rabbits from europe to other…
 


tiger beetle observationswhat animal runs so fast that it temporarily goes blind? it turns out that these tiny insects are fast, but don't have enough brain power to keep up with their speed. learn more about these tiny tigers in this video.
 


a walk on the wild side: a look at speciesdr. biology travels to the tres rios wetlands, a place where all types of living things can be found. he talks with local biologists about many of the species and also gets a chance to sit down and talk with quentin wheeler who is starting a new institute that will be exploring…




listen and watch more

















games and simulationsepic mosquito questplay epic mosquito questmosquitoes go beyond annoying, to being downright dangerous at times. how can you reduce the number of mosquitoes around your home, to protect…


metamorphosisread metamorphosis – nature’s ultimate transformer and then take this quiz to test your knowledge!



experimentsa nervous experiment do you think you need the same number of nerves in every part of your body? where in your body might you need more nerves? see for yourself! also in:…


cloningread cloning ewe and then take this quiz to test your knowledge!





view more activities











ant gallery (get up-close to ants)now is the time to check out these amazing animals from the safety of your own computer.


bone zoom gallery (up-close inside bones)take a look at the microscopic world of bone in our virtual bone histology lab. just pick a microscope slide from below and click on it to view under the virtual microscope.


feather zoom gallery (feathers up-close)there is nothing like seeing a feather up close.


plankton zoom gallery (plankton up-close)plankton comes in many shapes and sizes. these are just a few of the thousands of examples.




zoom in on more











world of biologysolving a genetic mystery the life and work of gregor mendel has some surprising pieces. known as the father of genetics, his work was mostly unnoticed for 30 years after he published his famous paper. it is also…wordsearch | crossword


world of biologypollen - nature's tiny clues  most might be surprised that pollen is being used to catch thieves, illegal drug dealers, murders, terrorists, and even catching those who commit less visible crimes such as making and selling…wordsearch | crossword


world of biologythe tale of the two-headed lampropeltis getula californiae  a common kingsnake, lampropeltis getula californiae, but this snake was anything but common. from the title of our story, you may have guessed that our snake, or maybe we should call it snakes…wordsearch | crossword


world of biologybee jeweled orchid bees come in an amazing array of shapes and colors. you could call them the jewels of the bee kingdom. also in: nederlands | …wordsearch | crossword




view all puzzles

































                            ask a biologist funded in part by the
national science foundation
                            and nsdl








































school of life sciences

contact us

contribute






                  content
                  




stories
activities
images
games
virtual reality (vr)
ask an anthropologist
ask an earth and space scientist








                  tools
                  




ask a question
teacher toolbox
feedback








                  usage
                  




gudielines
inaccessible
licensing and permissions








                  acknowledgements
                  




national science foundation
credits












maps and locations
jobs
directory
contact asu
my asu















copyright and trademark
accessibility
privacy
terms of use
emergency


















