


           the gourmet yarn company, llc - the gourmet yarn company, llc












































           the gourmet yarn company, llc

















welcomeclassesbeginnerseasyspecialtystorespecial deals !!!!!shipping infosupport & productsmeet our professionalscustomers projects !!blogblog (archived)




















store location: 2915 w. britton rd., oklahoma city, ok. 73120. call us at 405.286.3737.  email us at mg.gourmetyarn@gmail.com






















enroll in classes





browse our "special deals!!!"





master kumihimo skills







like us in facebook





ravelry





contact us











"tantalize your senses" from some of the finest on-site professionals















knitting





crochet





weaving





kumihimo





group & private classes






knitting and crocheting are a lot like cooking. the right ingredients and equipment are essential, but you also need the know-how to bring all of these elements together. let the gourmet yarn co. help you pick the right ingredients and tools for your next project. we’ll have you producing delightful results in no time!the gourmet yarn co. has been oklahoma  city's full service yarn store since 2004. the shop was founded by proprietor margaret schroeder, tkga master knitter, in september of 2004.  since then it has served an ever-growing community of customers with quality supplies and an innovative calendar of classes.  our events, such as the monthly yarn-in, are popular with knitters, crocheters, spinners, weavers, and anyone interested in fiber arts. our staff is committed to providing the best service, yarns and accessories available to the novice as well as the most experienced knitter and crocheter.  we have a great selection of quality yarns that is continuously expanding.  a wide variety of needles, hooks, books, patterns, buttons, bags, and other accessories is available. we look forward to serving your knitting and crochet needs and satisfying your creative appetite.
we love to hear from you !!!!!









on-line contact form

name *



first



last





email *






phone number *




-



-







choose one *

wish list
desired classes
special requests
online orders
broken links




comment *














submit










join our e-mail list and receive our newsletter

enter your email address *






enter your first name *






enter your last name *






how did you hear about this site? *

internet search
advertisement
friend
other












submit























                                                             special eventsgyc fall retreat, september 25-27, 2015relax at the roman nose lodge in watonga ok.  renew your appreciation for crafting, refresh your knitting skills and learn some new ones. this is a very ambitious knitting retreat. margaret schroeder, tkga master hand knitter, will be your retreat  instructor. she will be there to help you work on your latest project or to start a new one. in addition, we will have a group project. if you are bringing a non-knitter with you, consider some of the activities for him or her that the lodge or surrounding areas may offer. call or visit gyc for additional information and reservation.       great support - 2015 fall retreat is sold - out !!!!!!!!                             stay tune for upcoming details on our 2016 spring retreat






monthly yarn in !!!!, second saturday of every month, from 2 - 6 pm at gyc location. all yarn enthusiasts are invited! bring your favorite potluck dish and settle in for an afternoon of good food and fellowship!
website designed & crafted by laonsite© copyright 2004-2015 the gourmet yarn company. all rights reserved



welcomeclassesbeginnerseasyspecialtystorespecial deals !!!!!shipping infosupport & productsmeet our professionalscustomers projects !!blogblog (archived)

