








| decor.com

















skip to main content















 
 







navigation

home decoraccent furniture
accent tables
wall decor
contemporary decor
home decor - entry way
country decorating
bedroom decor
asian decor
african decor
home organizing
creating a healthier home
design trends

decor how to's
decor trendsdecorating trends -  larger pieces of art
decorating trends -  unique wall art
decorating trends -  shibori prints
decorating trends -  gold
decorating trends -  color of the year - marsala
choosing trendy bathroom tiles

accents
miscellaneousdigitally organized
home organizing ideas
decor in hindu homes
decor in tamil homes
bamboo basketry

outdoor and gardenbackyard - in summer
indoor gardening - air plants
outdoor home security
outdoor - prep trees for winter

 









 













10 hacks to make space look bigger 







hang a mirror across from a window. this will maximize the amount of light reflection into the room. another good spot for a mirror is across from a doorway. this will give your room the perception of more depth.
hang your curtain rod closes to the ceiling
maximum natural light: rooms with a lot of natural daylight often appear larger to the eye.
wall color
often the best choice for a small room is to paint the walls very light or very dark.
keep wall decor and furniture to a minimum
opt for only one focal point in the room 


 












latest deals 







lowest price of the season on select 16-piece sets and breakfast for two sets at wedgwood.com. ends november 30th at 11 am est.
30% + 10% off select luggage with code extra10off
20% off select cookware sets at the home depot!
10% off united weavers area rugs at the home depot!
save up to $300 lg stainless steel black friday kitchen bundle at the home depot!
shop design toscano!
find the latest and greatest sale offers at corelle.com!
save 15% on westinghouse gas water heaters at the home depot!
wedgwood free gift wrap and free shipping weekend
giftsforyounow.com
free economy shipping with code gfyfshipls
30% + 10% off select luggage with code extra10off

 


 














      home decor and accents    







 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 





 











      faq    






are you able to take orders? 



i want to get 30 squares of this tile. 913102760 i have the item number.
 


 




dear decor team - thanks!



dear decor team i just wanted to pass on thanks on behalf of jess for the containers you sent her.
 


 




    more  

 



contemporary decor 







geometric shapes and sleek designs of contemporary style decorating give the connoisseur pleasure
many people may want to decorate their homes with contemporary and modern style. at the same time, there are people who think that warmth is lacking in modern style because it is aimed at having minimalist designs. perhaps, the opinion of these people is due to the fact that there is absolute clarity in this style and so, they find it both illuminating and unsettling. but, the fact is that contemporary home decor is intended to provide good comfort to the inhabitants by keeping the homes or offices uncluttered. if you want to achieve this aim, you should bear in mind a few rules.
 


 








home decorating 







using patterns:
use one large scaled pattern dominate over one medium scaled floral. also, use a geometric pattern in the mix. try using the same pattern in windows, on walls and on furnishings. kids rooms can be decorated with disney themes patterns or characters, and also wall papers.

playing with texture: use smooth and refined textures as much as possible. it is best to use elegant and smooth textures in feminine rooms. rugged and tweedy textures look best in masculine rooms/spaces. large rooms can handle heavy textures.
 


 

















 



 









 









copyright © 2025, decor.com 







