







rio grande careers
















































              home
            



              riogrande.com
            



              open positions
            



                contact rio grande
              



                faqs
              



              505.839.3000
            













              home
            



              riogrande.com
            



              open positions
            



                contact rio grande
              



                faqs
              



              505.839.3000
            

























it begins right here

 


    explore openings
  













 

we are rio grandewe exist to support the bench jeweler, the jewelry designer, the retail jeweler, the jewelry manufacturer and the educator. we make their lives easier and more fun with innovative solutions and exemplary service so they can build and grow their businesses.we are craftspeople, designers, educators, jewelry experts and hard workers. we are a community of knowledge, a team of go-getters and a resource for endless opportunities.we are rio grande. are you?

































































our guiding principles:our principles have guided our conversations and decisions for decades enabling us to foster a flexible and creative working community. in a small shop on route 66, it began with the american dream, a toolbox full of jewelry-making essentials and lots of determination.

 

respectcreate an environment of trust. treat everyone with dignity and respect.express and value all feelings, concerns and ideas equally.develop long-term relationships of mutual benefit (win/win).strive to maintain a positive attitude at all times.



responsibilitydo what you agree to do.do not encroach on other people or their property.be open and honest.take responsibility for your part in each life experience, and learn from it.lead by influence (using reason, benefits and inspiration) rather than by coercion (using force, fear and innuendo).



resultsexchange your best effort for the best effort of others.have fun!passionately develop and pursue shared and individual purposes and goals. maintain your power to succeed by choosing not to believe you are a victim.be successful by helping others to be successful, and accepting that help for yourself.


















































 

 

company culturewe take pride in our employees and the company culture we have created within our facility and beyond. with a strong focus on collaboration, integrating teams and professional expertise, we have been repeatedly nominated one of the best companies to work for in albuquerque.our focus on a healthy work/life balance means that we offer our employees great health incentives and flexibility in their workday. we encourage our employees to apply for growth positions within our organization and it shows through the longevity of employment in many of our team members.the emphasis we place on building trusting, personal relationships extends into our community and through worldwide partnerships. from grants and scholarships for jewelry-related programs, and local community service initiatives, to working with fair-minded partnerships and ethical sources, we take pride in keeping communication open while working towards a healthier lifestyle and planet.














































 



professional development perkswe’re passionate about what we do and who we do it for, and that includes offering comprehensive benefits and rewards that support our employees as much as our customers!competitive health planslearning new skillsmanaging your own developmentcommunity involvementtuition reimbursementemployee discounts, and more!















employee testimonialsour team members describe their positions and the benefits of growing with a company that works towards their professional and personal goals.










ruth perez, manufacturing team lead





our company is very unique in that we have our own fun, positive and collaborative culture. we work with many different teams, each with different responsibilities and goals, yet we all share the same work ethic and help each other reach our common company goals. rio grande values their employees as much as they value their customers. the leadership team works very hard encouraging employee development, offering great benefits and finding creative ways to keep us happy and engaged in our community. i’ve been a rio employee since 1996 and it is the best company i have ever worked for! –ruth perezmanufacturing team lead










erin dengler, west region account manager





when i first started working at rio grande in the call center, i was immediately impressed with how long so many of the employees had been working there—5, 10, 20, even 40+ years! the rio culture is so warm and inviting. everyone is willing to help you (or find someone who can) which aligns with rio’s principle #14: be successful by helping others to be successful, and accepting that help for yourself. working at rio has felt natural since day one. this is where i am meant to be. rio offers great employee benefits and our leadership team strives to make us feel heard, supported and successful in everything we do. i have been at rio since 2019 and i’m looking forward to many more years to come! –erin denglerwest region account manager



















let’s get started!uncover opportunities that provide a work/life balance you've always imagined. join a team that cares about enhancing your skills within a flexible environment.




    explore open positions
  




    employment faqs
  













































back to top
rio grande, 7500 bluewater rd nw, albuquerque, nm 87121


© rio grande 2023 










