



orange county land trust – land and farm conservation orange county, ny


























 








845-534-3690donate!menuhomepreservesnews & eventsnews & eventsnewsletter signupnews archiveaboutabout ocltfinancialsjobsoclt board loginland protectiondonatedonate/support ocltsave orange county’s last wildernessplanned givingbusiness sponsorshipshonor and memorial giftsjerome spector stewardship fundlouis mills conservation societyshopshopcontactcontact ocltvolunteer form
welcome!
welcomethe orange county land trust, accredited by the land trust accreditation commission in 2013, has helped protect 7,260 acres of land through the negotiation of conservation agreements with private landowners, property donations, and the acquisition of private property.
the acreage is comprised of unique meadows, fertile farmlands, stream corridors, wetlands, forests and recreational acres. many of the properties are open to the public, while others remain private properties with agreements that preclude future development.
of the properties and preserves open to the public, the land trust organizes frequent hiking and birding activities and has partnered with children and youth organizations in providing educational, conservation-based nature programs.
1acres conserved1nature preserves1years protecting land1supporters of ocltnews & events 

orange county land trust, inc. applies for renewal of accreditation ﻿from the land trust accreditation commission 



erin tolman joins board of directors 



oclt receives community forest grant from u.s. forest service 



oclt unveils “save orange county’s last wilderness” campaign 



oclt and partners host community and farmland preservation seminar at suny new paltz 



keith stewart joins board of directors 



kristen o’donnell joins board of directors 



oclt announces completion of sugar loaf mountain acquisition 

 






donate to protect orange county’s wildlife habitats, watershed lands & farmland.donate now!contact us
tel: (845) 534-3690fax: (845) 231-0825info@oclt.orgmailing address:
po box 269
mountainville, ny 1095350 ogden drive
new windsor, ny 12553you can help!
there are so many ways individuals, groups, and businesses can help oclt. learn more.
socialize with oclt
facebookinstagramxyoutubeoclt board logincopyright © orange county land trust
accessibility statement • privacy policy
new york website design: devinedesign.com

 menu










please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility





