



antique barbed wire society



























































home




about the society




membership




contact




store





























































antique barbed wire society












the antique barbed wire society is committed to collecting, preserving, exhibiting, and interpreting the historical heritage of barbed wire and barbed wire related items...


































































thesymposium
























































wire & toolauction
























































show dates
























































"the collector" magazine
























































our store





































































education













barbed wire has been an integral and important part of the history of the west. it has provided many functions, which include physical barriers, historical information, and artistic interests. over the years, wire has evolved from a single type to a wide variety of patents and variations...




















































inventors













prior to 1863, several individuals created forms of fencing that could be considered as barbed wire. it was not until 1863 that michael kelly patented a fence with points affixed to twisted strands of wire. had his invention been properly promoted, he could have gained distinction as the "father of barbed wire"...




















































membership













the “antique barbed wire society” is committed to collecting, preserving, exhibiting, and interpreting the historical heritage of barbed wire and related items and enlisting interest and support for an on-going organization into the next century. join us...




















































what we do













the antique barbed wire society will assist the wire museums, the symposium, and all participating barbed wire and related collector organizations. all of the mentioned entities, with their elected and appointed officials, are committed to collecting, displaying, and preserving the history of barbed wire and related items...






















































museums & historic sites










































devil's rope museum






mclean, texas



















































kansas barbed wire museum






la crosse, kansas



















































ellwood house museum






dekalb, illinois



















































glidden homestead






dekalb, illinois



















































jacob haish mfg. co.






dekalb, illinois



















































paso robles pioneer museum






paso robles, california





















































barbed wire collectors' associations









































california barbed wire collectors association




california

















































colorado barbed wire collectors association




colorado


















































kansas barbed wire collectors association, inc.






la crosse, kansas


















































nebraska barbed wire collectors association




nebraska

















































antique barbed wire society - the symposium




la crosse, kansas



































































the symposiumbarbed wire & tools












october 3-5, 2024kansas barbed wire museumla crosse, kansas










































barb city'sbarbed wire weekend












celebrating the 150th anniversary of glidden’s “the winner” patent joseph f. glidden homestead & historical center location: dekalb, illinois









































devil's rope wild cat swap meet











april 11 – 12, 2025
mclean, tx



























































copyright 2024




antique barbed wire society, inc.




























































