









voyageur north outfitters - boundary waters bwca canoe outfitters - ely mn




















skip to main content




























home
services
trip guide
reservations
about
 shop












 spots
 contact
 (218) 365-3251



 




















home
services
trip guide
reservations
about
 shop




















        voyageur north outfitters & resort    
        specializing in boundary waters and quetico canoe trips    




    
        customized trip guide    
    




    
        outfitting services    
    




    
        reservations    
    












        voyageur north outfitters & resort    
 boundary waters canoe outfitting
we are a full-service outfitter specializing in boundary waters canoe area wilderness (bwcaw) and quetico provincial park canoe trips. whether you are looking for a fully outfitted canoe camping vacation or partial rentals to the boundary waters canoe area or quetico, we have what you need!
for over 40 years, we've planned canoe camping expeditions based on the experience level and desires of our customers. with thousands of wilderness lakes and an almost unlimited number of possible canoe routes, our expertise can make a huge difference in your bwcaw expedition. we also have an extensive selection of camping and fishing equipment in our ely store or online.




    
        special group rates    
    




    
        book your trip    
    




    
        boundary waters & quetico interactive maps    
    






    
        2025 outfitting specials    
    


























        voyageur north resort & rv park    
 coming in 2025!
we are excited to announce the addition of a new resort and rv park! located on the edge of ely, the resort will offer brand-new cabins and full hookup rv spaces. for more details and booking, call: (218) 365-3251


    
        learn more    
    

















        customer testimonials    


 

"what another fantastic summer of trips! i just wanted to express a special thanks for my special "dad & grand kids" trip i took in late august this year. i brought my dad for his first trip to the bwca this summer, along with my girls. for his first venture into the bwca, we went on a trip short in length, but filled with an unmeasurable amount of joy.  every time i talk to my dad, or any of his friends for that matter, his trip to the bwca is always, always mentioned with great pride and joy."
 

"i was part of the "bash" party of four who just returned sunday from the boundary waters. i wanted to express what a professional organization yours is. the equipment was first class. your organization and packing were far above our expectations and made for a much simpler trip than we ever dreamed of. the maps and routes you suggested were right on target and easily understandable. i would not hesitate to recommend your services and hope you'll pass this on to potential customers. thanks for helping make the trip a unique experience."
~ hal goodrich
 

"just wanted to thank you again for the great time we had on our canoe trip. you guys pack more food than five peaople could eat. i forgot to tell john that his worms he gave us actually do stay alive for an extended period. ours were still quite active even four days into the trip after sitting in the sun all day. again thanks for all the help and i look forwrd to using your services again in the near future"~ chuck wiechmann
 

"just a note to let you know how much we appreciate all your help before and during our expedition this summer. your willingness to work patiently with a group on their first boundary waters trip truly sets you apart."~ steve burger
 

"it is always a pleasure to receive great service from people who truly enjoy what they do. during our trip it got to be a game to see if we could find something that we needed that you did not pack. we didn't. i will certainly use you again for my next trip."~ jay w. seiboldt
 

"many thanks to all of you at voyageur north for your superb outfitting for westwood's first trip into the boundary waters."
~ kim aune
 

"the most memorable moment though was sitting with jenny watching the stars. we noticed the faint pinkish, green glow. which i assumed was the aurora. we saw shooting stars and satellites. she kissed me on the cheek and said, "i love you daddy, thanks for bringing me here!".
~ randy cox
 

"we have and will continue to recommend your service to anyone interested in a trip to this beautiful wilderness."~ ed, peter & danny atwood
 

"the customer service and knowledge of all staff was top notch! my sept 21-24th trip with best friend who i had not seen in 15 years was great. we could not have thought of a better way to get back in touch then a trip to the bwca."~ george d. filomarino
 























        our location    


  
1829 e sheridan stely, mn 55731 





        contact us    


  
(218) 365-3251 

 
  
(218) 365-3690 





        quick links    



  
reservations 


 

  
trip guide 







        seasonal hours    

 summer (may 15 - aug 30) 5am - 10pm   fall: please call   winter (mon - fri) 9am - 4pm 
©


voyageur north outfitters. all rights reserved.











 



