
 





welcome to philcon 2025 – the philadelphia science fiction society convention



















































↓ skip to main content















 
welcome to philcon 2025



 



main navigation

menu

search for:


 


home
registration





online registration portal


info





policies
faq
advertising
privacy policy
philcon flyers


location





hotel
directions


guests
programming





programming schedule
fashion show
gaming
masquerade
writers’ workshop
young writers contest


art show





art show information
artist invite letter
forms for participating artists


dealers





vendor portal
dealers recruitment letter


flyers
contact
mailing list
 




















news:
philcon is in the process of converting our website from philcon 2024 to philcon 2025.  pardon our appearence while we make the change.  we look forward to telling you all the things coming up at philcon 2025 and seeing you there.

registration for philcon 2025 is now open using our new registration portal at https://reg.philcon.org.
looking for information about past philcon’s?

2024’s website can be found at https://2024.philcon.org
2023’s website can be found at https://2023.philcon.org
2022’s website can be found at https://2022.philcon.org




stay tuned for the announcement of our guests for philcon 2025



in person at the doubletree by hilton, cherry hill, nj
 


 

join us for the 88th anniversary of the world’s first and longest-running conference on science fiction, fantasy, and horror! philcon 2025 will take place on november 21-23, 2025 at the doubletree by hilton, cherry hill, nj..
started in 1936, philcon features cutting-edge programming about literature, art, television, film, anime, comics, science, gaming, costuming and cosplay, music, and other topics of interest to fans of sci-fi, fantasy, and horror. we will also have many other attractions, such as our awesome art show and auction; a vendors room full of unique merchandise; a full-featured tabletop gaming room; our writer’s workshop (featuring professional authors and editors); concerts; dances, our masquerade/costume competition, and more!


philcon 2025 respiratory illness policy
philcon will not require proof of vaccination for covid-19 due to the elimination ofthe means by which the us government and many states document that vaccinations were received.
masking will be voluntary in most cases, however, certain events may be closed to unmasked attendees. masks will be available at the registration desk.
please stay home if you are ill. if you have preregistered and cannot attend due to illness, contact registration2025@philcon.org to have your membership transferred to the 2026 convention.
philcon reserves the right to modify this policy in reaction to developments between now and the time of the convention.


 





 







 



philcon® is a registered service mark of the philadelphia science fiction society. website content ©2022-2025 by the philadelphia science fiction society. the philadelphia science fiction society/philcon is a 501(c)(3) organization.
 




























