



















international institute for sustainable development

















































































  skip to main content





































































menu






about







mission and goals


our team


impact


sustainable development


employment


annual reports


funders




issues







strategic priorities


work areas


climate


resources


economies




articles







insights


deep dives


explainers


policy analysis


success stories




publications


events


newsroom







press


media coverage


newsletter






click to open the search form





search the site





search






				cancel
			






search






donate

    follow us
  


follow us:






















links to social media channels


















close













trending:


plastics


nature


gender equality

























insight
january 17, 2025


                            five key priorities to end fossil fuel subsidies in canada

                      
as the g7 president in 2025, canada has a pivotal opportunity to lead by fully phasing out fossil fuel supports and investing in a cleaner, more equitable future. here are five recommendations for effective subsidy reform.
read more








            the international institute for sustainable development (iisd) is an award-winning independent think tank working to create a world where people and the planet thrive. 

        
about iisd






  what we do


  our research and policy work focuses on areas we deem ripe for transformation, where shifts in policy have the potential to change the game and where we have a proven record of making significant gains.
















climate



                  address the causes of climate change and adapt to its impact.
              

















resources



                  support the sustainable management of our natural resources.
              

















economies



                  foster fair and sustainable economies.
              










  flagship initiatives

















  iisd experimental lakes area



                  iisd experimental lakes area (iisd-ela) is an exceptional natural laboratory comprised of 58 small lakes and their watersheds set aside for scientific research.
              

















  nap global network






                  the nap global network works with partners in the world’s most vulnerable countries to develop and implement climate adaptation plans for a more secure future.
              

















  global subsidies initiative






                  the iisd global subsidies initiative (gsi) supports international processes, national governments, and civil society organizations to align subsidies with sustainable development.
              

















  the intergovernmental forum on mining, minerals, metals and sustainable development 






                  the igf supports nations committed to leveraging mining for sustainable development to ensure negative impacts are limited and financial benefits are shared.
              

















  sdg knowledge hub






                  the sdg knowledge hub provides daily information on the implementation of the 2030 agenda for sustainable development.
              

















  earth negotiations bulletin






                  earth negotiations bulletin provides balanced, timely, and independent reporting on united nations environment and development negotiations.
              

















  nature-based infrastructure global resource centre






                  the nbi global resource centre aims to establish the business case for nature-based infrastructure, providing data, training, and customized project valuations.
              

















  state of sustainability initiatives






                  the state of sustainability initiatives examines how voluntary sustainability standards can support environmental and social goals.
              










  new research


  iisd publishes objective, independent, high-quality research on sustainable development issues, including reports, policy briefs, and toolkits. 






toward a coherent, transformative approach to financing sustainable development, climate, and nature



                  four key proposals for the fourth financing for development conference (ffd4) to create an integrated, equitable approach to financing climate, nature, and development goals.
              


brief
december 19, 2024







the role of multilateral development banks for low-carbon procurement in the infrastructure sector



                  this report examines the critical role of multilateral development banks (mdbs) in advancing low-carbon procurement within the infrastructure sector.
              


report
december 17, 2024










  new perspectives

















  what does climate adaptation look like in action? here are nine locally led, nature-based ideas



                  what does nature-based solutions (nbs) for adaptation look like for the communities involved? from cultivating seaweed seeds to planting hurricane-resistant trees, here are nine locally-driven ideas.
              


explainer
january 9, 2025

















  why does debt matter for sustainable development and climate action?



                  anahí wiedenbrüg discusses how effective debt management can help developing countries achieve climate action and sdg goals while minimizing financial risks.
              


explainer
december 20, 2024

















  the cost of fossil fuel reliance



                  government support for fossil fuels reached at least usd 1.5 trillion in 2023, new data shows.
              


insight
december 18, 2024





 read our latest articles










  stay connected

  be the first to hear what's new in sustainable development. sign up for our bi-weekly updates to receive a curated selection of our latest reports, articles, projects, and upcoming events. 

yes, please!





















  our impact

















women turning the table on food loss and waste in kenya



                  a group of changemakers led a movement to tackle food loss and waste in kenya. iisd experts have been working closely with local women leaders to make change happen.
              


success story
october 2, 2024

















hope springs: how one community brought a river back from the brink 



                  for over a decade, a small group of community members in zambia have been working to restore the nsongwe river. now, with support from iisd’s climate adaptation and protected areas initiative, their goal is within reach.
              


success story
september 19, 2024

















fueling change: the journey to end fossil fuel subsidies in canada



                  how canada became the first country in the world to introduce a framework for ending government subsidies to domestic oil and gas companies.
              


success story
october 13, 2023





 more success stories














follow us:


















footer menu


contact


employment


accessibility


ethics


privacy policy


terms and conditions


podcast














          © 2025 international institute for sustainable development.
        


sign up to iisd’s newsletter


sign up



sign up to iisd’s newsletter
sign up







looking for more? sign up for our newsletter



          sign up
        


        read our 
          privacy policy
        .
      



        sign up
      

































