


knits galore
























 






 
    
	knits galore
	
  
 confessions of a not so beginning knitter as i learn new skills along my journey.



tuesday, february 10, 2009



	 
	 blog moving to  new home
	 
    


with having the dyeing business and going by knitted to a t, i thought it best that i should have a blog that would be to that effect.  i am still going to be on blogger, just under the knitted to a t name instead of knits galore.  all my posts have been moved over there as well so everything should be there - well everything but the comments.  don't know why it won't move them, but i still have them at this site and on  halloscan. i hope that you will all join me at my new location.  www.knittedtoat.blogspot.com  see you there.labels: blog moving, knitted to a t, new location



posted by ~tonia~ at 12:55 pm
 | 







wednesday, february 04, 2009



	 
	 blog reading
	 
    


ok so not only have i been bad about posting on my own blog, but i have been really bad at reading all of your blogs. :( i looked at my bloglines yesterday and had 5,000 unread blog posts! i know that there is no way that i will ever be able to get through that many and be able to catch up with everything that you all have been up to. sorry. i have started a new. if you have posted today i have done my best to comment on it. so what have you all been up to?there are many things that i need to do in my life to make it a bit easier for everyone. like getting organized. lol not easy with a husband that doesn't know the meaning of clutter and a 4 year old that has too many toys. but i am going to do my best.i started today by cleaning the bathroom from top to bottom. the next thing to tackle is the closet and under the sink. it is a start that i am hoping will continue with the rest of the house. i need to purge so much junk that we do not need instead of letting it sit around and pile up. there are still boxes in our basement from when we moved that we just put down there and never even looked at. if i haven't used it then i sure don't need it.i would like to have all my knitting projects organized where the yarn for a project is all together and i have the yarn marked as to what book and project it is that i am planning on making with that yarn. it would be nice not to have to guess as to what i bought the yarn for. loli have quite a bit of yarn and roving that i need to dye up and list as well. that part is pretty well organized, but i need the time to do it and all the other clutter needs to be taken care of first. i am hoping that will help motivate me. i am hoping that i will get on a roll, get the house really clean and make sure that i keep up with it. it is amazing how fast a house can pile things up if you aren't constantly on top of them.humm i wonder what room i should do next? maybe i will do our bedroom and the extra bedroom. they should go fairly quick and that will help with the since of accomplishment. i would really like to be able to get my spinning wheel back out and spin up some roving, but that just hasn't been the kick in the butt that i need. anyone have any good ideas for a good motivator?can you believe that i have posted 2 days in a row? someone feel my head. :)also don't forget the 20% off sale that i am having at my etsy store. yarns are starting at just over $11.00 and rovings at just over $8.00.labels: birthday blow out sale, blogs, cleaning house, clutter, etsy, organize



posted by ~tonia~ at 6:13 pm
 | 







tuesday, february 03, 2009



	 
	 birthday blow out sale
	 
    


wow where has the time gone?  i can't believe it is february already.  we have finally gotten some snow other than flurries and it is snowing as i type this.  james has had the best time playing in the snow and kevin even made him a little igloo.  i am not sure which one has more fun. ;)i am having a birthday blow out sale over at my etsy store.  20 % off of all yarns and rovings!  that even includes the handspuns!!  stop on over and take a look.  all sales over $75.00 will receive free shipping. i am hoping to be able to blog more now that the holiday season has come to a close and life has slowed down a bit.  i have many things to share and hope to be able to do it soon.hope that everyone is well and doing good.labels: 20% off, base yarns, birthday blow out sale, free shipping, rovings



posted by ~tonia~ at 3:04 pm
 | 







thursday, september 04, 2008



	 
	 sweet baby cap and matching socks
	 
    


i was going through my bloglines and realized that there are quite a few posts that i have uploaded pictures of, but never posted. so some of these might be on the older side, but they are still knitting content right?a friend and his wife were having a baby so if course i had to knit them something. they decided that they weren't going to find out what sex the baby was going to be until that day of the birth. hence the green and yellow.this is the sweet baby cap and matching socks made from baby ull. i loved the way that they turned out. they are adorable in person.we took the package over the next day and both mother and father were amazed by the gifts. they so appreciated that i took my time to make something for their little dear. honestly i had a great time knitting them and since they are baby sized they knit up quickly.i am sure some of you are wondering what they had. a baby of course. ;) it was a little girl! and boy did she have her daddy already wrapped around her finger. i have never seen him like that. he had a nickname of 2 grit (like the sand paper). he had a bit of a rough personality, but once you got to know him he was a sweet guy, even though that little girl has her daddy's heart from the moment she was born. it was so cute to see them together.i am so glad that i decided to make something for them. i know that they really appreciated it.  wish i would have gotten a picture of her in them, but as you all know you never wake a sleeping baby. :)labels: matching socks, sweet baby cap



posted by ~tonia~ at 11:00 am
 | 







tuesday, september 02, 2008



	 
	 knitting content!! and a contest!!
	 
    


contest info ->my friend rita over at keeping knit simple is having a contest.  all you have to do is leave a comment on her blog.  if you would please let her know that i sent you i would appreciate it.  hurry over and leave your comment it is open until september 6th.on to the knitting.....can you believe it?  i have knitting to show you!!  yep it is true, i have been one with the needles and yarn.  granted it has been mostly socks and small baby items, but it is still knitting none the less. i will start off with my olympic project.  i have had the kit for the marie antoinette socks for quite a while now.  i absolutely love anne hanson's/knitspot designs.  if you have never knit any of her things, run over and order a pattern or 5 and get knitting.with never knitting lace before i felt that they would be quite a challenge for me and would take up most of the 2 weeks.  i can say that i was wrong.  the pattern was wrote so well and was so much easier than i originally thought that it took me less than a week!  that was with them being ripped out many times for stupid mistakes that i made.they just lack something just laying there.  they are so pretty all stretched out to where you can clearly see the bees and hives.i am excited to be able to wear them this fall and winter.  i have a problem though.... what type of shoes do i wear with them?  i am guessing some type of clogs, but i am not sure.  i want to be able to show off how pretty they are.  i guess i will figure that out when it is closer to cooler weather and i can stand to have socks on my feet.there are more picture and knitting to come.  stay tuned. :)labels: contest, knitting content, marie antoinette, olympic project, socks



posted by ~tonia~ at 2:07 am
 | 







sunday, august 03, 2008



	 
	 grand opening
	 
    


i was doing so well and was on track with the site coming live at 12. then i ran into using up all the space that i had. 8(. with a quick call to my bil he fixed it and everything is up and running. if you came earlier, please stop back in. everything is pretty and fixed and all the pictures are working. no more little red x's in boxes.i was sweating it there for a while. i was afraid that it was some error that wasn't going to be a quick fix, but it was and i have went through and updated everything so that nothing was missed.hope you stop in and let me know what you think.labels: grand opening



posted by ~tonia~ at 2:42 pm
 | 







monday, july 28, 2008



	 
	 updates.... & grand opening of knitted to a t!!!!
	 
    


wow i can't believe how long it has been between posts again. *sigh* i have been busily working on a multitude of things in my absence.the main thing that i have been concentrating on, is james. we have been going to every 4-h fair and local tractor show around. :) he has so much fun and since they are both only around this time of year we are trying to hit as many of them as we can. i can say that we have all had a fun time.time sure flies when you are busy that is for sure.in my "spare" time i have been working little by little on my web site. it has taken much longer than expected. now i know why web designers get paid so much. i now have everything listed and ready for a grand opening! how excited am i?! very! i am planning on opening the knitted to a t web site for today (sunday, august 3, 2008) at 12 noon. there will be extras for the 1st. 10th, 25th etc customers. also i will be offering 10% off of your entire purchase (excluding shipping)for the first week. the price will be taken off at check out. we have many things to offer from fingering, dk, sport and lace weight yarns, merino, baby alpaca/merino, bfl, peruvian merino, and more rovings, stitch markers, paper quilled sheep, wool washes, and more. in these pictures are just a taste of what we have to offer. come on over and take a look to see what we have. if there is a colorway that you want and we don't have, just check to see if we have and "pick your own colorway" in the yarn that you are wanting and it can be dyed for you at no extra charge.mostly sock yarns - sensational sock 2 & 3, merino/nylon, bamboo/merino/nylon etc.you can see some of the lace weight on the bottom right hand corner.rovings waiting in their containers for their new homes.hope to see you there.labels: 4-h fairs, grand opening of knitted to a t, tractor shows, updates



posted by ~tonia~ at 3:25 pm
 | 







saturday, june 07, 2008



	 
	 come on over ..........
	 
    


can you believe it.... another post.thank you to all who commented on my last post. i we so appreciate all the well wishes that you have all given.kevin took james to his gi checkup today. they were so pleased with his progress. he has gained 3+ pounds and grew at least 1/2 an inch in a month. so we are on the right track with what we are doing. i am so glad that we are on the right track. james was talking up the dr. and nurses, so that pleased them too, to be able to see more of his true self.photos as prommised.....the day didn't start out well. the truck was loaded last night ready to go and when i went out to leave it wouldn't start! the battery was dead! my mil was coming with me and i was going to pick her up, but i had to call her to see if she could come and give me a jump. it didn't seem like it was going to work at first, but we giggled the wires and finally got the spark that we needed to be on our way. i still had to stop and get ice so my mil stayed in the truck while i ran in so we didn't have to shut it off. i was later starting out than i wanted to be, but we made it on time and were able to set up before the 11:30 dead line.it was a warm one today and tomorrow promises to be a warm one too. it wasn't too bad since they have 2 huge fans in our barn. please if you come to hhff make sure to come out to the mcgill barn. there are so many nice vendors out there and it seems that the lack of ac is deterring people from venturing out there. if you miss that building you will be missing out on a lot of lovely things.well as you can see the set up went fairly well. kevin put together all the lattice work framing. i really think that it stands out from all the others. i am so happy with it, but i can see already that i will need more room here in the future. :) i only have about 1/2 of my stock there since i ran out of time and had to take what i had done. i am thinking about using some of the vertical space, what do you think or would that take away from the display?well i better get to bed. i have another early morning. keep your fingers crossed that the truck will behave tomorrow.i hope that if you are local or anywhere in a decent driving distance that you will make the trip out to check it out. i don't think that you will leave empty handed. :) we have all had such a fun time. i really enjoyed it. i can safely say that i will be looking into more local festivals. please, if you have any that you have been to that you think i should check out, let me know. i am up for any and all suggestions. i had only planned on doing 2 this year, but i might be convinced to do more. ;)labels: bad start to the day, hoosier hills fiberarts festival, james update



posted by ~tonia~ at 12:26 am
 | 







tuesday, june 03, 2008



	 
	 still alive & hoosier hills fiberarts festival
	 
    


yes folks, we are still alive in our neck of the woods. sorry it has been so long since i have posted. it has been a busy time to say the least.some of you know that james has been sick off and on since christmas. he just never seemed to get better after each bout with a virus/cold. we seemed to be going to the dr. every time i turned around. they did blood work that came back perfectly fine, then there were stool testing and that came back fine too.finally the dr. said that it was beyond what he could do and told us to head to children's hospital and he would call ahead so that all the sign in paperwork would be done for us. we arrived around 6 that evening in the er.after going through dr. after dr. they couldn't diagnose him and said that they would like to admit him and wanted to know if that was ok. ummm yeah it is ok. i wanted my baby well. i know what they were driving at. they thought that we were starving him. he was so skinny. you could see his ribs, hip bones, spinal column, etc. everything that he was eating should have made him as big as a barn (chicken nuggets, french fries, mac n cheese, etc.)we finally got a room at 1 am and settled in and got james to sleep around 2. the team of dr.s assigned to him were in bright and early that morning to see him. more blood work and tests all came back normal. they called in the gastro. dr. (told that he is the best you can get) and he said that he thought he had _____ the first time that he looked at him. we all thought that he was crazy even the normal rotation dr.'s didn't think that was it.so there was more blood work to be done. we had to wait for that to come back to get a diagnosis. also there was a biopsy test to be done later in the week.all in all we ended up spending a week in the hospital. i can safely say that if i ever had to take james to a hospital again it would be children's. they were so great to him and us. i was very happy about the care that we all received.after the blood work came back and he had his biopsy (that was so hard to watch them put him under) the gastro dr. was right. he now has a diagnosis of celiac disease.celiac disease is an allergy to gluten (wheat and derivatives). it is amazing all the things that gluten is in. not only is it in food, but it is also in cleaning supplies, make-up, sun screen, tooth paste, soaps, ect. we have had to clean the house out and start over. it hasn't been easy that is for sure. when you are used to paying .99 for a bag of pretzels and now they are $8.00 for an even smaller bag it puts a real strain on the wallet. we have found a few ways to save money, but it is still much more expensive than the "normal" food. we have all gone gluten free since cross contamination is a big concern. it is so easy to accidental put a spoon too close to another one and contaminate his food. since we have been eating this way i have been feeling better too, so i have been told that i should be tested as well.here are a few pictures just a few weeks after he was out of the hospital. before he would have never stood by himself (we had to carry him every where) or smiled (he was so sad and pathetic).don't worry the portable potty seat is clean. loljame and kevin fishing at the grandparents'it is so good to see him feeling better, but man does he have the energy. he will go non-stop all day without a nap and still be going strong at 1 am. he exhausts me. lol he is getting better every day. i am excited to see what the dr.s think at his next check up. he looks like he has gained weight. you can't see the bones like when he was in the hospital and his cheeks have filled out. i just hope that he continues to progress.in my "spare" time i have been dyeing yarn and rovings and getting things together to head to the hoosier hills fiberarts festival. with the events that i just listed, i have been behind several weeks according to my original plan. it doesn't look like i am going to get done everything that i had wanted to, but i am not stopping until i have to.i have been told that there are aprox. 80 vendors this year! i had a great time last year. there is supposed to be a ravelry meet up as well and they have buttons at the welcome booth that you can buy so people know who you are on ravelry. i know from last year that there are lots of pretty things that just have to come home with you. :)the things that i will have include hand dyed yarns and rovings (some yarns in self striping and some in variegated), wool wash and scour, paper quilled sheep, and a few other things that you will have to come to see. i will be in mcgill hall, the one with the white lattice work booth (hopefully that is - if kevin can get it finished to his liking before friday). i am hoping to get a few pictures of some of the things that i will have. with today's thunderstorms they might not be the best. :(if you are planning on coming and would like to sit and spin, knit, talk or what ever let me know so that i can bring a few extra chairs. i hope to see you there.the dates and times are .... friday june 6 12 - 7 and saturday june 7 10 - 6. i have been told to use google map because mapquest has them in the wrong location.so tell me what you all have been up to. unfortunately i haven't had time or been able to keep up with blogs. i have been thinking of you all. i hope after hoosier hills things will get back to "normal" and i will be able to get back to my normal blog reading and posting. so please let me know what you have been up to and how you have been doing.hope to see you this weekend.labels: children's hospital, fiber, health, hoosier hills fiberarts festival, paper quilled sheep, sickness, vendor, wool wash, yarns



posted by ~tonia~ at 2:36 am
 | 







sunday, march 23, 2008



	 
	 happy easter
	 
    


from our home to yours - happy easter!!labels: happy easter



posted by ~tonia~ at 7:13 am
 | 







tuesday, march 18, 2008



	 
	 drive by posting
	 
    


i can't believe it has been over a month since i posted last.  thanks to all that have commented and sent emails wondering how we are doing.  we all so appreciate it.james and i are better from the nasty ick that has been going around, but now it seems like something else is trying to get ahold of us.  james has been acting tired for a few days and has said that he isn't feeling well.  now i have a soar throat, but just on one side.  it is nasty painful to swallow.  my glands aren't swollen, so i don't know what it is.  i just want to get well and stay well.  i don't know where it is coming from.  james and i don't go anywhere.  *sigh*i have been knitting and will have 3 pair of socks to share with you once i get pictures of them.  2 pair are of a "normal" length.  the other pair is a thigh high pair i made for my sil.  nothing too exciting, but it is knitting none the less, right?i have also been spending many hours getting my dyeing area organized and ready so that everything will run more smoothly.  i am really liking the look of it.  kevin is going to build some little shelves so that i can have little houses for all my dyes.  i have been dyeing up some sample swatches and the real things will be next.  i have some new colorways for the spring and summer seasons that i am quite happy about. speaking of dyeing....  i have something exciting that will be happening to my yarns.  i will reveal that later.  i am very excited.sorry that there are no pictures on this post.  hopefully i will have some for the next one and it won't be over a month before i post again. ;)labels: dyeing, knitting, organize, sickness, socks



posted by ~tonia~ at 12:32 am
 | 







tuesday, february 05, 2008



	 
	 can i have a do over?
	 
    


thanks to all that have sent me messages checking up on us.  here is what have been going on the past month and then some.at the beginning of january james ended up sick.  we believe that it was from taking him to the cincinnati museum center.  he had gotten family passes for christmas and so we decided to take a trip there while kevin still had time off from work.  it came back to bite us in the butt.  a few days later he came down with a head cold.  guess i am glad that i put off having his birthday party until later in the month.  that was a week plus that i had a toddler completely glued to my side.  he refused to go to kevin at all!  i even had to take james to the bathroom with me.next came the chaos of trying to get down all the christmas decor and to get everything together for james' party.  he wanted thomas the train is year, so i had to go to the party store to get the stuff.  no running to the big box stores for this one.  then he decided that he wanted a pinata.  of course the store that we were at were out of them so we had to go across town to get it.  i have to admit that it is pretty cool.  it was a pull string pinata.  if you have never seen these essentially they are made for little kids where there are a bunch of ribbons attached to the bottom.  the kids take turns pulling a ribbon in hopes that it will open.  there is only one ribbon that will open the door on the bottom.  so there was the making out of all the invites there was the cleaning of the house.cleaning seemed to take forever.  it is amazing how you can get comfortable with all the stuff around you.  then when it is time to have a party you look around and realize that the house is trashed and it is going to take forever to get it all cleaned.  which it did take forever.  i kept finding things that i wanted to do.  the house did get clean in time and i am hoping to keep it that way.the birthday party was a big hit for james.  he had a great time and got so much stuff.  he had a pile of clothes up to the top of the arm of the chair!  the poor child. ;)  he of course got a nice selection of toys too.  sadly the mil wasn't feeling well, but more on that later.  so after the party was the next few days of clean up.  why is it that you find plates and cups days later no matter how hard you looked for them the days before?then on january 30th i went out to feed and watter the rabbits.  the french doe was happily hopping in her cage.  the english buck on the other hand had passed away some time that night. :(.  he was fine the day before, so i don't know what happened.  after reading on ravelry and talking to some people there were many that died that day or within a few days.  kind of odd.  i so miss him.  he was so soft, cuddly and sweet.  yes they were in separate cages, so there was no foul play on the doe's part.remember when i said that my mil wasn't feeling well at james' party?  yeah well she shouldn't have come because james started getting sick again a few days after the party.  now he has given it to me.  it is some sort of upper respiratory thing.  the cough is what is the killer.  if the cough would just go away it would be so much better.  so not only am i sick, achy, fever, cough, etc. so is james.  that means he clings onto me so i can't even take a nice hot shower to hopefully feel better.  now kevin is saying that he thinks that he is getting it now.  i sure hope not.  james is bad enough to deal with sick, kevin is horrible!  i hope that this goes away soon.  i am exhausted and just want my life to be somewhat normal again.sorry for the unhappy post, but i wanted to let you all know where i have been.  i have over 500 posts to read, so i will try and read them all, but i probably won't have the time to comment.  just know that i am reading and thinking of you all.  hopefully the next post will be soon and much happier.labels: christmas, death, party, sadness, sickness, thanks



posted by ~tonia~ at 11:10 pm
 | 







monday, december 31, 2007



	 
	 happy ney year
	 
    


i wanted to wish you all a happy, healthy and safe new year.i will be off celebrating james' 3rd birthday tomorrow. well it will just be the 3 of us. i am planning on having the big family one toward the end of the month. i can't believe that he will be 3. sadly james hasn't been feeling well for the past few days. i am hoping that he will be feeling better tomorrow.happy birthday little man!!!!labels: happy birthday james, happy new year



posted by ~tonia~ at 11:51 am
 | 







friday, december 21, 2007



	 
	 omg i have knitting content!!
	 
    


it seems that my mojo is coming back. i am so happy to be knitting again and actually wanting to.  it makes me so happy.i just finished my dream in color socks.  i am smitten with their knittin'.i absolutely love the pattern.  i can see myself knitting it over and over.  it made my come back knitting really fun and i wanted more.  i love the colors too.details:needles: us 1 addi lace needleyarn: dream in color smooshy - deep sea flowerpattern: sweet dreams sockspurchased: pattern and yarn at ball & skein in germantown, ohioi didn't need to make any modifications to the pattern.i am so happy to be knitting again i could just *squee*!!if you are on ravelry come on over and see what else i have been up to.  i am knittedtoat on there.  hopefully in the next few days i will be able to come back and blog again.  i have been working on some fingerless mitts, a wild pair of monkey socks, sweet baby cap and socks and an alligator scarf.if i don't get back before, have a wonderful holiday.labels: dream in color smooshy, sweet dreams socks



posted by ~tonia~ at 1:52 am
 | 







thursday, december 06, 2007



	 
	 destash
	 
    


destashing to pay for kevin's medical bills. i am sad to have to put up this yarn, but bills have to be paid. :(i take paypal or if you email me we can work out some other form of payment. i will ship the cheapest way posible for you.thanks so much!claudia handpaint100% merinobearded iris 005180 yds/skein6.5-7.5 sts/in us 1-32 skeins - $18.00 + shippingtofutsies50% superwash wool, 25% soysilk, 22.5% cotton, 2.5% chitincolor 733dye lot 91506-828 sts/in us 21 ball - $13.00 + shipping mango moon100% recycled silkbali sky150 yds/skein3301 (2 skeins),2 skeins - $34.00 + shipping, or $17.50 + shipping per skeinif you have any questions please feel free to contact melabels: chitin, claudia hand paint, cotton, destash, malabigo, mango moon, merino, recycled silk, schaefer lola, silk, soysilk, tofutsies, trekking xxl



posted by ~tonia~ at 3:19 pm
 | 










	 
	 insurance - what's the point?
	 
    


so most of you have read about kevin and his surgery that he had to have. we do have insurance through where he works. the insurance used to be awesome. they paid the way an insurance company should. we only paid our co-pay when going anywhere and the rest was paid 100%. sadly the insurance came up for review and they decided to go for a cheaper (for the company not the employee) insurance. now the bills are rolling in and most of them are saying that the insurance isn't paying and it is our responsibility. it took me 10 months fighting with them just to get them to pay james and my generic dr. bill. grrrrr. so we are facing some pretty big bills.what does this mean to you???since we need the money to pay the outrageous deductible i will be culling some of my stash. there will be some malabrigo and some sock yarns. if you are looking for anything special let me know i might just have it.i will list my items here first for my readers then monday i will add them to the destash sites.labels: destash, insurance, rant



posted by ~tonia~ at 12:17 pm
 | 







thursday, november 29, 2007



	 
	 nice matters
	 
    


i have been nominated by bonnie and nancy for the nice matters award. i wish i could nominate each of you back, but i guess the rules are no tag backs. consider yourselves honorary nominees.it is to be awarded to “those bloggers who are nice people; good blog friends and those who inspire good feelings and inspiration.also for those who are a positive influence on our blogging world. ”i feel so honored for being nominated twice. and being nominated by 2 great ladies just tops it off.i am supposed to nominate 7 people or should that be 14? ;)here it goes....angelabethcaitlyncynthiaelizabethjenny rayekarenkellikellyravenritasarasusanvickithese ladies have inspired me in so many ways. i consider them friends even though i haven't even met most of them. there is so much that i could say about each and every one of them, but this post would go on for days. i will just say that they are each amazing and if you haven't gotten a chance to know them then head on over to their blogs. they are defiantly worth your time to get to know.labels: nice matters award



posted by ~tonia~ at 2:29 am
 | 







thursday, november 22, 2007



	 
	 happy thanksgiving
	 
    


i wanted to stop in and wish everyone that is celebrating a happy thanksgiving.i hope that you enjoy it and eat lots.i am so thankful for my little family.  james has been such a blessing.  i have to say that he has stole my heart for sure.  even though kevin aggravates me some times, i still love him more than life.  he takes care of us well and i can't ask for any more than that.we will be celebrating at my sil's tomorrow then at my mom's on saturday.  i am sure that i will gain some weight between the 2 for sure.   oh well, i don't plan on not enjoying myself. ;)have a good one.labels: happy thanksgiving



posted by ~tonia~ at 3:17 am
 | 







tuesday, november 20, 2007



	 
	 update on kevin
	 
    


thanks to everyone that has emailed or left comments with well wishes and concern about kevin's health.  we so appreciate your caring.he has gone for his folow-up and test results and they came out what they expected.  he does have ee (eosinophilic esophagitis).  they have him on 3 prescriptions that should help.  he is making sure to chew his food thoroughly too.  they seem to think that with the medications he won't need any further treatment.  they said that his stomach looked fine and there was nothing else that was found in the biopsy.  we are so thankful that what was found is treatable and he can live his life normally.we are both so thankful that it wasn't anything worse.  he was scared as to what the results might uncover.  his grandpa died of throat cancer, so he had a valid worry. with this being the season of thanksgiving we truly are thankful.labels: kevin update



posted by ~tonia~ at 11:29 am
 | 







monday, november 19, 2007



	 
	 meme
	 
    


i was tagged by raven.1. one person who made me laugh. james of course. that child does some crazy things. 2. what was i doing at 0800? still sleeping.3. what was i doing 30 minutes ago? getting dressed finally.4. what did i do in 2006? we had 2006 already? pretty much what i have done in 2007.5. last thing i said aloud? there you go (to james).6. beverages? water, root beer and cf mt. dew.7. what colour is my hairbrush? black/grey.8. last thing i paid for? toothpaste & toothbrush for james, gallon of milk & root beer.9. where was i last night? at the in-laws.10. front door colour? white.11. where do i keep my change? what change? normally james gets it to put in his banks.12. what’s the weather like today? grey and cool.13. best ice cream flavour? hummm that one is hard. i love chocolate, cookie dough, and peanut butter.14. what excites me? james, my family, knitting, spinning, fluffy bunnies, sheep, anything that i can spin.15. i want to cut my hair? nope not yet.16. am i over the age of 25? yep.17. do i talk a lot? sometimes.18. there seems to be no 18 so i’ll make one up. what colour socks did you wear today? don't have socks on.19. do i know anyone named steve? yep.20. do i make up my own words? sometimes. 21. am i a jealous person? only if there is a reason to be.21. name a friend who starts with the letter a. ang.22. name a friend who starts with the letter k. kelly.23. who’s the first person on my ‘received calls list? some 800 # that i refuse to answer.24. the last text message i received? don't text we have direct connect.25. do i chew on my straw? nope26. do i have curly hair? depends on what you consider curly. also depends on the weather and if i go at it with the straightening iron.27. where’s the next place i’m going to? who knows, but i will know when i get there.28. who is the rudest person in my life? well the 2 men in my life think that burps and farts are funny. does that count?29. what was the last thing i ate? corn chips last night.30. will i get married in the future? hopefully not. i am married now and plan to keep it that way.31. the best movie i’ve seen in the past 2 weeks? don't know, heck it has been so long since i have seen a movie i couldn't even tell you the last one that i saw.32. is there anyone you like right now? depends on what is meant by like. i like my son, husband, family and friends.33. did i cry today? not yet, but the day is still young.34. why did i answer and post this? raven tagged me and i needed something to post.35. tag 5 people i would like to see do this survey.labels: meme



posted by ~tonia~ at 9:19 am
 | 







saturday, november 03, 2007



	 
	 anniversary / kevin update / contest
	 
    


today is our 6 year anniversary (kevin and me). i can't believe it has been that long. boy does time fly.happy anniversary dear. i love you more today than yesterday.speaking of kevin, i am sure some of you are wondering if we have heard anything. yes, we have the results back. they turned out as the dr. had thought. he has eosinophilic esophagitis. they explained it as an allergic reaction. we have been told that it is easily treated with medication and he should be fine. they found no other abnormalities, so that was really good. he has his follow-up appointment on the 9th so we will find out more from there and see what medications he will be on. i hope that the medications will take care of it and we won't ever have it happen again.contest, contest, contest....cass of shut up, i'm counting is having a contest for her 333rd post. pop on over and enter for your chance to win. mention you saw it here and i will get that extra entry.polls....thanks to all how have voted so far. it is going to help me in what yardages that i use for what yarns. if you haven't voted yet please do. there are 7 of them located just below this post.have a wonderful weekend.labels: anniversary, contest, kevin update



posted by ~tonia~ at 9:44 am
 | 














profile
 i am a mother of a beautiful baby boy born on 1-1-05.  i love to knit and am wanting to get better.  this will be my adventures in knitting and what i hope to knit,  along with other crafts and creations that might come along.



looking for something?  make your search here. 








enter your search terms

submit search form








web


mrsknitter.blogspot.com




yahoo.com


msn.com





















destash me




only the best places to shop
angora cottage
ball & skein
cider moon
copper moose
crown mountain farms
etsy
holly spring homespun
lambikin's hideaway yarn & stichery
lambikin's hideway on line store
spinderella's thrums
spunky eclectic
susan's spinning bunny
scout's swag
the dyeing arts
woolbearers
the woolen rabbit
the woolery
webs


recent comments




feedjit live blog stats


friends galore
2007 rockin' sock club
all things heather
an angel's view
another day, another sweater
arlene graham's fiberworks
boogie knits
breed 'em and weep
bruxknits
chris knits
chronicals of yarnia
claudia's blog

crazy aunt purl
cygknit
destash!
drunken monkey knits
fearless fibers
the gabby knitter
good enough mom
grumperina
i can has cheeseburger
january one
keeping knit simple
kelly knits
knits galore
the knitsmithy
knitspot
knitter bunny
knitter in the kitchen
knitterpatted
knitting obsession
lambikin's yarn news
lime & violet
lolly girl
loves to bike and knit
mandy's knits
mason-dixon knitting
misknits
miss violet's pink ribbon
modish
monica knits ... a lot
moth heaven
needles on fire
the panopticon
phantom knitter
poor miss finch
punkin's patch
purrl-plexed
quirky musings
scout's swag
see eunny knit
sharp pointy sticks
sock pr0n
stranded on fair isle ...
to knit, perchance to dream
tres bon babble
tricky tricot
vickie howell
wendy knits
wit knit
yamamama
yarn-a-go-go
yarn harlot
yarn pirate
yarn sale ... or swap
yarnbeans
yearns for yarn
zeneedle...needleart as life


help & reference
american livestock breeds concervancy
breeds of livestock
casting on at bruxknits
replaceable heels
knitty
knitting help
knitting techniques
magknits
sock heels
toes and heels


other links
help alivia
james' livejournal
james' babies online site


previous posts

blog moving to  new home
blog reading
birthday blow out sale
sweet baby cap and matching socks
knitting content!! and a contest!!
grand opening
updates.... & grand opening of knitted to a t!!!!
come on over ..........
still alive & hoosier hills fiberarts festival
happy easter



archives

september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
february 2008
march 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
february 2009





weather window



on the needles
i-cord rug stitching together


mom's sweater


magic loop sock - #2


gloves


kevin's malabrigo socks


james' cargo pants


james' daddy hat




in the works some time soon
james' stripe sweater & matching hat
socks, socks and more socks
felted bag
cable sweater
sweater with cables from rebecca #6
sweater with cable pattern from rebecca #6
robin hood jacket
jester hat
socks for james and me
james' cable jacket
james' cable sweater
james' jacket
.....and many many more


finished
2005
felted pumpkin 9-28-05
grey felted clogs 10-05-05
red chemo cap 11-18-05
magic loop sock - 1 down 1 to go 11-22-05
purple chemo cap 11-27-05
pink chemo cap 12-2-05
ester williams hat 12-10-05
blue & green fuzzy scarf 12-15-05
fuzzy snow man 12-15-05
2006
olympic fair isle hat 2-25-06
james' moebius easter basket 3-5-06
felted noro bag 3-14-06
blue felted clogs 3-29-06
purple splash rug 3-21-06
paige's easter basket 3-25-06
in-law's easter basket 4-4-06
mom's easter basket 4-7-06
kevin's easter basket 4-9-06
my easter basket 4-12-06
sockapalooza sock #1 4-20-06, #2 4-30-06
mother's day washcloths 5-12-06
pink frisky shrug 6-22-06
cocoon shrug 8-28-06
felted diaper bag 10-18-06
i cord rug knitting 11-13-06
james' socks 12-7-06
secret scarf 12-7-06
niece's socks 12-15-06
secret socks 12-19-06
knee warmers 12-20-06
mom's scarf 12-23-06
spiral baby hat 12-29-06
2007
james' fair isle 2-3-07
kevin's malabrigo socks 2-11-07
james' daddy hat 2-24-07


i've joined








sp7 q&a



my wish list
i would love a gift card from my lys


knitting olympics 2006







buttons






knit alongs





web rings




see who else is stalking lime n violet
join | 
list | 
previous | 
next | 
random |
previous 5 | 
next 5 | 
skip previous | 
skip next
powered by ringsurf






 <<
*.* >>ringsurf




join | 
list | 
previous | 
next
powered by ringsurf




join | 
list | 
prev | 
next | 
??
powered by ringsurf



   this site is a member of webring. to browse visit  here. 







rockin sock club 2007 ring
join
previous | 
next
powered by ringsurf





book & pattern collection (under construction)

100 hats to knit & crochet - jean leinhauser & rita weiss
50 baby booties to knit	- zoe mellor
adorable knits for tots	- zoe mellor
adrienne vittadini yarns - spring 2006
alterknits - leigh radford
art of fair isle knitting, the - ann feitelson
baby booties - leasure arts
baby knits - debbie bliss
button d'or layette & enfants # 15 - anny blatt
button d'or layette & junior # 13 - anny blatt
button d'or layette & junior # 14 - anny blatt
classic beach book nine - ryc
cool socks warm feet - lucy neatby 
creation # 9 - anny blatt
creature comforts - amy bahrt
dalebarn # 149 - dalegarn
easy knitting - kp books
encyclopedia of knitting - leasure arts
family book seven - jo sharp
fashion inspired by tradition number 82228 - reynolds lopi
folk knitting in estonia - nancy bush
gathering book six - jo sharp
great knits for kids - debbie bliss
greetings from knit cafã© - suzan mischer
handknit holidays - melanie falick
holiday knits - sara lucas & allison isaacs
how to knit volume two
i can't believe i'm knitting - leasure arts
inspired cable knits - fiona ellis
kid's country knits - debbie bliss
knit baby head and toes
knit stitches & easy projects - leasure arts
knitlit too - linda roghaar & molly wolf
knitlit the third - linda roghaar & molly wolf
knitted embellishments - nicky epstein
knitters handy book of patterns, the - ann budd
knitting for dummies - pam allen
knitting languages - margaret heathman
knitting patterns by melissa volume two todlers to tots - melissa matthay
last minute knitted gifts - joelle hoverson
layette & enfant #10 - anny blatt
layette & enfant # 11 - anny blatt
little cuties - red heart
little treasures - lois daykin
magic loop, the - bev galeskas
mindful knitting - tara jon manning
miss bea's rainy day - louisa harding
natural knits for babies and moms - louisa harding
noro collection - debbie bliss
noro collection 2 - debbie bliss
noro knits - jane ellison
nursery knits - debbie bliss
nursery rhyme knits - teresa boyer
one skein - leigh radford
passion for knitting, a - nancy j. thomas & ilana rabinowitz
picture knits - betty barnden
pop up paws - skacel
rebecca baby + kids no. 6 - oct.-march
rebecca special no 2 - sept.-feb.
sampler afghans - leasure arts
scarf style - pam allen
second treasury of magical knitting, a - cat bordhi
sensational knitted socks - charlene schurch
simple knits for cherished babies - erika knight
simple knits for little cherubs - erika knight
stahman's sawls & scarves - myrna a.i. stahman
sweater ornaments - sealed with a kiss
tadpoles & tiddlers - rowan
top down for toddlers - cabin feaver
toys to knit - tracy chapman
treasury of knitting patterns, a (blue) - barbara g. walker
uberlieferte strickmuster aus dem steirischen ennstal #1 - maria erlbacher
uberlieferte strickmuster aus dem steirischen ennstal #2 - maria erlbacher
uberlieferte strickmuster aus dem steirischen ennstal #3 - maria erlbacher
village book six - jo sharp
vogue knitting ponchos
vogue knitting quick reference - vogue knitting magazine
wee knits - mission falls
weekend knitting - melanie falick
wonderful wallaby, the - cottage creations
yarn harlot - stepahnie pearl-mcphee
yarn girls' guide to beyond the basics, the - julie carles and jordana jacobs
yourkshire treasure, a - kim hargreaves, martin storey, sarah dallas, sasha kagan, sharon peake, muir & osborne, louisa harding, lucinda guy, sharon miller









javascript required!











 


















