






musky guide service | lake st. clair, mi | mike hulbert's guide service - mike hulbert's guide service



















































skip to content 




						mike hulbert's guide service
					


					mike hulbert's musky guide service on lake st. clair, located in michigan and ontario.  mike hulbert is a seasoned musky guide on lake st. clair specializing in casting for giant muskies on lake st. clair.
				
 




menu 
home
musky guide
lake st. clair
trip rates
lodging
gallery
links
contact
 








musky guide service | lake st. clair, mi | mike hulbert’s guide service 

             

experience st. clair
musky fishing at its best!
 
call now to book your next trophy musky hunt
419-553-6570
 
specializing in lake st. clair trophy musky guide trips. 
lake st clair is quite simply the world’s greatest musky destination. lake st. clair is located directly between lake huron to the north and lake erie to the south, connecting them with the st. clair river and the detroit river. this musky mecca has become world-renowned for the size and unbelievable catch rates of the muskies that swim in these waters. there is no better place to land that beast of a lifetime that you have been searching for. lake st clair is a musky fisherman’s dream come true. join captain mike hulbert on a trip that you will never forget as you go to battle with some of the largest muskies you have ever seen.
 
100% catch and release
the future of our sport depends on it!
 
a huge thanks to my sponsors, without them none of this would be possible! 








search for:



contact mikefor more information or to make a reservation contact us at:
mike hulbert's
 musky guide service
to book your trip call:
phone: 419-553-6570
book your trip
licensed by the state of michigan dnr
uscg captain
 fully insured
be sure follow mike on facebook and instagram!sponsors
 

 







 








fishing licensesmichigan fishing license
ontario, canada fishing license
kentucky fishing license
recent catches










 

weatherdetroit, milast updated on jun 5 2024, 5:53 am edtweather by noaacurrent conditions: overcasttemp: 72°fwind: south at 4mphhumidity: 79%dewpoint: 64.9°fyour 5-day forecast at a glance 

cave run lake
lake st. clair
 






					  copyright  © mike hulbert  - 2025				

























