







eagle knoll golf club - hartsburg, mo










































573.761.4653|get directions


 


  email club
book tee time







tee timesmembershipgolf courseupcoming eventsbook an eventgallerycontactjobs 

























 





eagle knoll golf club
your next golf adventure







    our course


    eagle knoll is a par 72 course that sits on 180 acres of picturesque terrain.












  book an event


eagle knoll has a full schedule of tournaments and leagues open to members and public patrons.  













 memberships


    maxim golf memberships have something for everyone! 





















a maxim golf course
eagle knoll is a par 72 course that sits on 180 acres of picturesque terrain. this classic ozark style course features rolling zoysia fairways and sloping bent grass greens, with breathtaking elevation changes providing a golfing experience that is strategic as well as aesthetic. winding through hills and gorges, wetlands and wildlife, eagle knoll offers four sets of tees to challenge all levels of play.

download our mobile app
we launched our all-new mobile app this year. through the eagle knoll golf club app, you now have the ability to use our scorecard gps, online scoring system, recevie exclusive offers and much more!
download today to receive $10 off your next pro shop purchase.
download now!














 



play or host events

eagle knoll has a full schedule of tournaments and leagues open to members and public patrons. members will also enjoy any number of exclusive member-only events. eagle knoll is also the best full-service place to host your next event.

learn more













join our email club
as an eagle knoll member, you have full membership privileges to 5 area courses plus reduced rates and special access to more than 50 private and semi-private clubs throughout the maxim golf network.
get connected




















book a tee time: 573.761.46535757 east eagle knoll drive, hartsburg, mo 65039





 

© 2024 eagle knoll golf club | contact us | site map | powered by foreup
 







close 







home








tee times








gallery








contact







tee timesmembershipgolf courseupcoming eventsbook an eventgallerycontactjobs


573.761.4653|get directions 
  email club
book tee time
 




