







jmp golf design group - golf course architects















































 










home
company
portfolio

all projects
featured projects


architects
news
renovation
contact










home
company
portfolio

all projects
featured projects


architects
news
renovation
contact
 














 









                                                jmp golf design group	
                                        




                                        world class golf course architecture                                	



scroll down for more












							company brief						



founded in 1985, jmp golf design group is a professional golf course design company providing services exclusively in the field of golf course architecture.
jmp is well positioned to serve clients throughout the united states, as well as internationally, with offices on the us west coast in belmont, california, and on the east coast, in chapel hill, north carolina. their list of new and renovation projects includes outstanding, world-class designs in the us, as well as award-winning private, public, and resort golf courses on four continents around the world.


the firm is led by two partners brian costello and bob moore — both are proud members of the prestigious american society of golf course architects.
the partners, with over 65 years of collective experience in golf course architecture, are committed to creating exciting and memorable golf courses. this vision focuses on a commitment to environmental sustainability and golf designs which are responsive to site conditions and existing landforms, while meeting the requirements of the client’s market and budget.





view company details...









							featured projects						

							a selection of our recent projects						


jmp’s brian costello and bob moore have extensive world-wide experience in the design and construction of award-winning golf courses. jmp’s valued clients have included new and renovated private, resort, daily-fee and golf residential development facilities.







show all				

brazil
china
indonesia
korea
philippines
usa

 







bukit pandawa golf & country club---
bali, indonesia










fazenda da grama golf club---
sao paulo, brazil










palo alto hills g&cc---
palo alto hills, california, usa










black stone golf & resort---
jeju, korea










parahyangan golf---
bandung, indonesia










suvarna jakarta---
jakarta










jian lake blue bay---
hainan island, china










callippe preserve---
pleasanton, california, usa










costa do sauipe golf links---
salvador, brazil










cutter creek---
snow hill, nc, usa










jiuzhaigou resort---
jiuzhaigou, china










manila golf club---
manila, philippines










360° country club---
yeoju, korea










royale jakarta---
jakarta, timur, indonesia











view portfolio list...









							the golf architects						













 brian costello 

 partner 
 brianecostello@gmail.com 
 “one of the most important qualities that a golf course architect should possess is the ability to listen…to clearly understand and identify the needs of the client, and then creatively translate those requirements into spectacular and memorable golf courses.” 










 bob moore 

 partner 
 deaconbob55@icloud.com 
 “the game of golf is an experience like no other. i believe that it is our mission, as golf course architects, to provide thoughtful, challenging, and memorable settings for that experience.” 















    











							contact						




 

















enter code below (to prevent spam):










west coast/main office
jmp golf design group
1640 molitor road, belmont, california 94002 usa
tel: 650-620-9670
fax: 650-620-9707
brian costello: brianecostello@gmail.com
east coast office
jmp golf design group
614 morgan creek road, chapel hill, north carolina 27514 usa
tel: 919-960-4302
fax: 919-960-4303
bob moore: deaconbob55@icloud.com







    






  
                
                ©
                2025                
                copyright jmp golf design group. all rights reserved.     

































