





helix motorsports – outstanding service, maintenance, and performance for your bmw and mini




































 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerhelix motorsportsoutstanding service, maintenance, and performance for your bmw and miniabout
service
gallery
boneyard
contact



outstanding service, maintenance, and performancefor your bmw and mini


 helix motorsports
welcome to helix motorsports, home of mini cooper and bmw service, maintenance and performance, headquartered in philadelphia, pa. we serve as a partner to discerning motorists, helping them achieve their automotive goals, whether that be planned routine maintenance, expert service, major repairs, or performance upgrades.
if you are looking to keep your daily driver in perfect condition, or you want to build a street and track hotrod, we provide the capability and expertise to achieve your goals.

learn more







expert service

our factory-trained technicians have decades of combined experience, focusing exclusively on bmws and minis. we handle all routine maintenance to keep your car running well for years, utilizing bmw and mini proprietary software packages and special tools. we use only the highest quality replacement parts, fluids and lubricants to ensure a lifetime of rewarding motoring.

learn more




repair

with our wealth of experience and state-of-the-art workshop, we are able to diagnose and repair even the most difficult problems. since we focus exclusively on bmw and mini vehicles, we are familiar with the most common issues and the best way to address them. we try to avoid the typical ‘throw parts at your car until it’s fixed’ method, instead relying on patient diagnostics to identify the real faults, and fixing them.

learn more




long-term partnership

we pride ourselves in developing long-term relationships with our clients, relying on honesty and clarity as we address our clients’ automotive needs. our goal is to service the client’s vehicle in the most efficient and cost-effective way, without overselling unnecessary parts and services. we get an understanding of what the needs are and execute based on those needs.

learn more







recent posts

they hate us and we don’t care
don't go to gino's and don't pose in front of the rocky statue: that's for tourists. where do you go if you're in the know? here's the first installment of our insider's guide to the best philly has to offer. where do we start? food, and yes, we'll get to the cheesesteak, but first, the city of brotherly love's second sandwich, the hoagie (say 'talianoewgee') ...read more 
view all posts
footer4648 umbria street
philadelphia, pa 19127
monday to friday
9 am to 6 pm
 privacy | careers | contact



(267) 335-4337hello@helix13.com
copyright © 2025 helix motorsports











