

































shows - event & video content | microsoft learn




skip to main content


this browser is no longer supported.
upgrade to microsoft edge to take advantage of the latest features, security updates, and technical support.

download microsoft edge
more info about internet explorer and microsoft edge






















table of contents




shows
discover thousands of hours of fun, authentic, and informative original programming from microsoft technical experts.

browse all shows and events





featured







sip and sync with azure


						grab your favorite beverage and join priyanka vergadia and govind kamtamneni as they sync up on the latest topics on azure and ai.
					










mr. maeda's cozy ai kitchen


						ai is suddenly everywhere. do you need to go and get a shiny machine learning degree to remain competitive? john maeda says not to worry. he'll show you how to cook delicious dishes into your coding repertoire with his new show - mr. maeda's cozy ai kitchen.
					









popular







visual studio


						tay up to date with visual studio, the most comprehensive ide for .net and c++ developers on windows. fully packed with a sweet array of tools and features to elevate and enhance every stage of software development. here you will learn all about how the visual studio ide is a creative launching pad that you can use to edit, debug, and build code, and then publish an app.
					










visual studio code


						microsoft visual studio code is a free, powerful, lightweight code editor for windows, macos and linux. based on open source, it is highly customizable with over 25,000 extensions, for every developer and every programming language.
					










data exposed


						data exposed is all about data; relational and non-relational, on-premises and in the cloud, big and small. get the inside scoop and join us as we demonstrate features, discuss the latest news and share our love for data technology including sql server, azure sql database, cosmos db, open-source databases, azure arc data services, azure data factory, azure synapse and more!
					










azure developers


						azure developers is your one stop for all things development-related on azure. join community standups each week to engage with the folks creating the products including azure functions, container apps, app service, dev cli, and so much more. keep up-to-date with regular videos from the product teams to find out what is new, tips and tricks, and full beginner series.
					









beginner's and limited series







generative ai with javascript


						learn how to integrate generative ai into your javascript projects! each short, focused episode walks you through key concepts, from connecting to ai apis to building interactive applications using tools like langchain.js and azure. whether you're new to ai or an experienced developer, the series provides hands-on demos, code samples, and project starters. check out the playlist and build smarter, ai-powered apps today!
					










design a dream destination with ai


						join keira wong, a microsoft learn student ambassador, for an exciting introduction to the basics of prompting. discover how to unleash your creativity and passion with generative ai as keira guides you through the process of creating a dream destination and crafting compelling content to tell its story - all through the power of prompts.
					










github copilot for azure: 6 must-try-features


						ready to supercharge your azure game right within github copilot? dive into our latest set of videos where we break down six must-try features of github copilot for azure. from deploying containers and managing ai models to exploring resources and planning migrations, we've got you covered. check out the videos to see great examples of how github copilot for azure can make your cloud projects smoother and more efficient.
					










responsible ai


						responsible artificial intelligence (responsible ai) is an approach to developing, assessing, and deploying ai systems in a safe, trustworthy, and ethical way. ai systems are the product of many decisions made by those who develop and deploy them. from system purpose to how people interact with ai systems, responsible ai can help proactively guide these decisions toward more beneficial and equitable outcomes. that means keeping people and their goals at the center of system design decisions and respecting enduring values like fairness, reliability, and transparency.
					









events







upcoming events


						check out all of our upcoming events!
					










.net conf 2024


						.net conf has been a virtual event since the beginning, and this year we're celebrating our 14th online conference. we always strive to create a world-class, engaging, virtual experience for all our attendees no matter where they are. over the years, we've expanded our content and our reach. we now draw over 100 thousand live viewers and sponsor hundreds of local events around the world.
					










microsoft 365 copilot: developer camp


						an event all about microsoft 365 copilot, for developers by developers. you'll learn how to build microsoft 365 copilot agents and hear from the leaders behind microsoft's developer tools, including azure ai search, teams toolkit, m365 copilot, and more.
					










azure developers - python day 2024


						as a python developer building for the cloud, do you want to stay ahead of the curve and maximize your potential? join us to discover the latest services and features in azure designed specifically for python developers. you'll learn cutting-edge cloud development techniques that can save you time and money, while providing your customers with the best experience possible.
					













follow us on the web








twitter



youtube



twitch

























your privacy choices








theme






















light


















dark


















high contrast








previous versions
blog
contributeprivacyterms of usetrademarks© microsoft 2025
























your privacy choices








theme






















light


















dark


















high contrast








previous versions
blog
contributeprivacyterms of usetrademarks© microsoft 2025






