



handwriting analysis, graphology, personality profile







 








 
 
graphology  
theory
as a test
limitations
legal
examples
profiles
links
readings





graphology is the study
      of handwriting.  
by analyzing a person's
      writing, a behavioral profile can
      be determined to gain insight into physical, mental, and emotional
      states of the writer. handwriting reveals the essentials of personality
      and character. graphology will help you understand your inner
      being. 






examples. learn how the experts decipher
            what your handwriting means. 
what does your handwriting
            say about you? 
          




website: microsoft describes handwritingpro.com as a resource center for the study of handwriting analysis, graphology, and related personality assessment. handwriting analysis, graphology,
      depicts an individual's physiological and psychological functions.
      the tactile and visually expressive behavior of writing uniquely
      fulfills the requirements for a projective personality test.
      writing involves a complex neural pathway that dynamically integrates
      perception, motion, and cognition. this website presents a theoretical
      basis for correlating graphic expressive elements with behavioral
      traits. each graphic indicator specifically describes and defines
      a characteristic behavior. a systematic training approach is
      suggested by grouping more than 200 traits by their graphic similarities
      to illustrate their behavioral nuances. handwritingpro's working
      papers are designed for both the novice and the expert to record
      and rate handwriting traits prior to a personality analysis.
      using the working papers is
      a simple method to evaluate individual traits found in your handwriting.
      handwritingpro offers logical reasons why graphology is an objective,
      practical, and economical personality test. handwritingpro supplies
      graphology's legal status and its limitations. handwritingpro
      displays more than a 350-book bibliography with a recommended
      reading list.




 
graphology   theory   as a test   limitations   
legal   examples   profiles    links   readings   
copyright ©1998  handwritingpro 
we welcome your reactions, comments, and suggestions.
please e-mail us at: graphology@handwritingpro.com





