





medically assisted weight loss doctor phoenix az, weight loss doctor mesa az | weight loss physician phoenix az, weight loss physician mesa az












































































 
 






skip to content




toggle navigationaboutour servicesweight loss servicestestosterone therapytirzepatideaesthetic proceduresother servicespatient servicessuccess storiescontact(480) 539-1855(480) 539-1855toggle navigationaboutour servicesweight loss servicestestosterone therapytirzepatideaesthetic proceduresother servicespatient servicessuccess storiescontact







az medical homeadmin2024-04-25t22:26:34+00:00 
start changing your life… from the word “go!”not just losing weight. regaining your life.so glad you’re here, where it’s different on purpose: we combine the science of your personal metabolism with the art of compassionate care. looking to transform yourself into the best version of you? go… to arizona medical weight loss.get there. stay there. start here.book nowlearn more #1-ranked weight loss physician in phoenix and mesa az“going to see dr. knighton has been one of the best decisions i have made! his friendly staff is polite, professional, and very knowledgeable. his program has helped me throughout the last ten years of my military career.” — dp
take the first stepsexperience how different your life can be…starting from the word “go:”go... for the
compassionate care.it’s a journey. and we’ll make you comfortable every step of the way.

go... for life-changing treatment.weight changing, for sure. but we help you change your life...for good.

go... for the
easy financing.flexible options. no contracts. no pressures. we’ll get there together.

start here.so call. or come in. you’ll see how easy it is to get on the path to healthy change.
(480) 539-1855yes, you can change your life with medically assisted weight loss in a relaxed atmosphere.when we first opened our doors, we made a promise: to deliver state-of-the-art, scientifically proven programs, metabolic strategies, and leading-edge treatments. but we promised do everything with grace and compassion. because changing your life doesn’t have to be stressful. in fact, it really isn’t. at arizona medical weight loss. you’ll feel it.. from the word “go.”
“it’s like that song says: you want to go “where everybody knows your name.” — gary knighton, d.o.
about dr. knighton
congratulations! we’re so glad you took the first step toward changing your life by visiting our site. the next step is to come on in. at arizona medical weight loss, you feel the difference immediately. comfort. ease. a relaxed atmosphere that continues all throughout your care. because we combine the science of metabolism with the art of personal compassion. our caregivers get to know you, and where you are, because we’ve been there too. we’ll help you make the right decisions to restore a healthier view of yourself. because we don’t just aim for weight changing. we aim for life-changing. and it all starts from the word “go”.
weight loss

individualized program
medications
activated b-12 injections
lipotropic injections
eat/exercise according to blood type
ketogenic diet

aesthetic
procedures

botox®
dysport®
kysse
refyne
defyne
juvéderm®
volbella®
voluma®
vollure®
lyft

other services

zo®
medical latisse ®
chemical peels

contact us today to start your transformationthis is the year, this is the time. to not only shed the extra weight, but to keep it off. all it takes is a phone call or message to get the ball rolling. there’s nothing stopping you. so make plans to “go!”
(480) 539-1855your name *phone *email address *how can we help you? *×thank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later. 




send your message







close product quick view×



















 
 





aboutour servicesweight loss servicestestosterone therapytirzepatideaesthetic proceduresother servicespatient servicessuccess storiescontact 

 
 
 





		copyright 2020 | all rights reserved | powered by digital radar 


facebookinstagrampinterest
 
 
 
 


 
 







 





































































































go to top






