







 






































home








mission








about us



photos




state directors




partners











contact us








schedule








what we do








resources



newsletter




got bait?




links




tv show




kid's corner




hank parker




ministry needs




be a sponsor




most amazing man




guest book






























  
 anglers for christ ministries was founded in 1999 by tony & sharon sellars in the foothills of the great smoky mountains and still live in morristown, tennessee.
afc ministries was founded to bring christ to lives through fishing and the great outdoors.  the gospel is presented through many events such as kid's fishing camps, wild game dinners, speaking engagements & testimonials.  come help us to create 
"reel memories to last a lifetime!"    
 
anglers for christ ministries is currently building a youth camp, 
eagle trace christian camp in east tennessee.
watch for updates !
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

anglers for christ ministries was founded in 1999 by tony & sharon sellars in the foothills of the great smoky mountains and still live in morristown, tennessee.
     afc ministries was founded to bring christ to lives through fishing and the great outdoors.  the gospel is presented through many events such as kid's fishing camps, wild game dinners, speaking engagements & testimonials.  come help us to create "reel memories to last a lifetime!"   



	
		currently there is no media on this page
	


 need an outdoor speaker for your event?  tony and other staff members speak to thousands all across the country every year.
anglers for christ ministries, inc. is a 501c3 non profit organization
for more info contact:  tony sellars- tony@anglersforchrist.com
 
now booking for 2020
 
 now booking forcheck our schedule
 
 contact contact@anglersforchrist.com
   


 
 
 
anglers for christ ministries, inc. is a 501c3 non-profit organization
© 2016 anglers for christ ministries, inc. all rights reserved



make your own web page at cityslide.com
















