sitemap
onlinerock - musicians resource, interviews, album reviews, downloads & giveaways

















































join now!



news & information

music news
guest columns
technology info
how-to columns





onlinerock blog
free downloads
artist profiles
cd reviews
giveaways
interviews
podcasts



equipment & gear

search by brand
drums
guitars
recording
keyboards
live sound
accessories
bass guitars
band/orchestra
dj gear & lighting
books/dvd/software





specials & deals
videos & books
music store
software

profile your band
sounding board
sell your music
links directory
cd promotion
web hosting
announce it!

 rss feed

 add to google

 add to yahoo!












 - profile your band!  - past artist profiles - 










monks of mellonwah 
a four-piece alternative rock and indie band based in sydney, the monks draw on the depth and variety of influences driving each member to create a fresh and unique sound, blending elements of classic blues & rock in hendrix, zeppelin, pink floyd, and the chili peppers with more recent sounds including muse.....  more
















the black keys:
el camino




laura gibson:
la grande




                      wars over wails: wars over wails ep
                      wild pack of canaries: the coroner can wait
  














this is the now:
i wish i was a banker


- more downloads 













get up to 91% off!

                          shop musician's friend biggest microphone sale of the year and get up to 91% off! the sale is full of discounts, rebates, gifts and more!....more



how billboard chart changes affect musicians big or small:
                      late last year, billboard announced an interesting rule change in the way it keeps track of music sales, declaring that works must meet a minimum price standard
                      ... more


dunlop system 65 guitar maintenance kit:
keep your axe in top shape. the dunlop system 65 guitar maintenance kit contains dunlop guitar care products. 




feeds and related sites:  













 


interview with lukas nelson and promise of the real:

whoever said rock and roll was dead? lukas nelson and promise of the real is an independent rock band out of los angeles, ca. online rock saw them play live in december and snagged an exclusive interview with the band. 
- read interview with lukas nelson and promise of the real

- more onlinerock interviews
 





enter your email address to join onlinerock's mailing list and stay up to date on music reviews, interviews and downloads along with free   giveaways,  discussions and other information of use to musicians and music fans. 
 
















akg m80 mkii semi-open studio headphone
studio headphones are a must for all musicians. these akg m80 mkii studio headphones have an adjustable headband, leatherette ear pads, and single-sided cable.


                          listen to the latest new music every 2 weeks with the onlinerock podcast, hosted by andrew mcnair 


 






aboutonlinerock recordspress
                        roomcontactadvertiseprivacyshop


copyright © 2011
                    onlinerock. all rights reserved.



























