







flory’s cottages & camping-- family camping in lancaster & amish area








































skip to content









primary menu
home
our park

about us
brochure
amenities
maps & rules
photo gallery
testimonials


things to do

amish country
local attractions
scheduled events


book your stay

campsites
cottages at flory’s
guest house
reservation request


contact
 











florys camping


















				flory’s cottages & camping							








				flory’s cottages & camping							








				flory’s cottages & camping							








				flory’s cottages & camping							







our parkflory's is nestled beautifully into the scenic lancaster countryside for the perfect camping setting!
things to doon-site and in the surrounding area, there are so many ways for the family to enjoy pennsylvania!
book your stayeverything you need to prepare for your camping vacation with us!
photo gallerytake a tour of flory's campground






welcome to flory’s!
flory’s cottages & camping in pennsylvania’s beautiful amish country is your perfect spot for a weekend or summer getaway. here in lancaster county, we believe in making your stay as relaxing and memorable as possible. so whether you’re here to kick back and enjoy our amenities, or pack up for the day to explore the area, we would love to be the place you call “home” during your peaceful getaway to amish country! 












lodging at flory's



campsites
for tent and rv campers alike, the sites at flory's are spacious, scenic, and easily accessible for rigs and setups of all sizes.





cottages
our cottages are the perfect home-away-from-home experience for seasonal campers looking for comfort and relaxation in lancaster!





guest house
treat yourself to the full amish country welcome with our clean, comfortable, and accommodating guest house at flory's.









 scheduled events

 in season begins • april 1, 2025 let's kick off 2025 in-season camping together at flory's! early season camping specials are available. easter weekend join lou & claudette and all our guests for a celebration of easter weekend at flory's! weekend camping specials available for this weekend-- no other discounts apply. mother's day weekend give mom what she deserves this year-- a nice, relaxing trip to amish country at flory's! we'll be celebrating moms all weekend long together at flory's. weekend camping specials available-- no other discounts apply. 

more events










learn more








everything you need for your stay
our offering of amenities at flory’s provides you with all the comforts of home to make your stay in lancaster county complete. check out everything we have on-site for your convenience!
more




close to everything you want to do
with an emphasis on family fun and making memories in amish country, we’re neighbors to a wealth of awesome attractions that offer something for everyone to enjoy during your stay.
more







the korzniecki family welcomes you!

a tradition of hosting in lancaster
family-owned and operated, flory’s cottages & camping and the korznieckis have a rich history built on a family-friendly atmosphere that always leaves our guests feeling right at home. see a bit more of what we’re all about, and how over the years we’ve learned how to make your lancaster county camping trip the best it can possibly be!

more








99 n. ronks roadronks, pa 17572||
717.687.6670for reservations



©2025 | all rights reserved. | design by campground studios












	website design by campground studios


 




homeour park

about usbrochureamenitiesmaps & rulesphoto gallerytestimonials back
things to do

amish countrylocal attractionsscheduled events back
book your stay

campsitescottages at flory’sguest housereservation request back
contact 





















































