



health services in norman & south central oklahoma | norman regional health system























 open accessibility menu





 skip to content


 skip to menu


 increase text size


clear all 



 hide





bystander cpr saved bob jackson’s life



close alert









search



services



locations







menu















about 













awards & accolades 

history 

leadership

diversity & inclusion 

agendas 

volunteer opportunities 

nhealth





patients & visitors













gift shop 

financial assistance 

pay your bill 

price transparency

verify insurance 

balance bill protection 

request medical records 

request an estimate 

advisory council 

advance directives 

be your own advocate 

directory 

spiritual care 

pre-register online 

patient portals 

cafeteria and coffee shop

blood drives 

skilled nursing facility preferred providers 

norman regional gomer jones first aid center

where to go for same day care





careers

patient portal

bill pay

blog

contact us











find a service

find a provider


find a location






405-515-1000















norman regional health system
compassionate care meets leading-edge technology



discover norman regional













find a location








bill pay








patient portal
























welcome to norman regional – your trusted partner in health and wellness.
empowering health together
as a beacon of compassion and expertise in the heart of south central oklahoma,
	 we’re dedicated to nurturing a vibrant and inclusive community of
	 well-being. our multi-campus institution stands as a testament to our
	 unwavering commitment to your health, resonating with a diverse range
	 of perspectives and needs, whether you’re beginning your health
	 journey or seeking to elevate your well-being.
norman regional is here to guide and support you every step of the way.

learn more







where compassion meets expertise
our featured services













												
													primary care
												
												
											
your go-to for overall health, offering preventive check-ups, screenings, and personalized treatment plans.
learn more 
















												
													walk-ins & urgent care
												
												
											
immediate care without appointments, catering to minor injuries, illnesses, and vaccinations.
learn more 
















												
													labor and delivery
												
												
											
norman regional takes a family-centered approach to labor and delivery.
learn more 
















												
													breast health
												
												
											
a center of excellence for breast health, screenings, diagnostics, and support.
learn more 
















												
													orthopedics
												
												
											
our experts offer cutting-edge treatments and surgical solutions for mobility and comfort.
learn more 
















												
													cardiology
												
												
											
leading cardiologists and vascular surgeon devoted to your heart's health.
learn more 









view all services





 / 




















the care that defines norman regional
patient reviews






								"i had the best surgery unit staff! i was so terrified due to having a bad experience before at a different hospital. this group was absolutely incredible! i felt so safe and they made me feel like they really cared…because they did! i feel blessed. thank you for taking ..." 
							




								"i had an excellent experience with the women’s health team in resolving an ongoing issue. my doctor and her nurses were absolutely professional, kind, and patient. very thankful for such a great experience during a difficult time." 
							




								"my wife and i just had a baby girl! got discharged today this facility is pretty amazing the staff was very professional & supportive thanks again everyone! would highly recommend them." 
							




								"i experienced a severe anaphylactic reaction to a medication and rushed myself to the er. the intake and medical team realized the urgency of the situation and quickly addressed my needs and continued to monitored me until it was safe to go home. my team was incredibly ..." 
							




								"the staff was very kind, polite, and patient. they listened very well and took me seriously as i explained what i was worried about. they also explained clearly how the symptoms i was having aligned with singles and why they could clearly rule out colon issues. i really ..." 
							




								"special shout out to all of the nicu nurses, as well as emily, casey and nicole in labor and delivery. you guys truly helped me have the best experience. even through some of the rougher parts, emily helped me and remained calm as she got me what i needed. nicu nurses ..." 
							





read more





 / 














join our dedicated team

	careers at
	norman regional

are you passionate about making a difference in healthcare? join the norman
	 regional family and be part of a team that’s committed to providing
	 exceptional care to our community. discover rewarding career opportunities
	 and help shape the future of healthcare in south central oklahoma.

explore opportunities







events at norman regional
mark your calendar












norman regional health system february 2025 hiring event
02.19.2025
read more











keep the beat 2025 - free cpr class
02.22.2025
read more





view all events





norman regional blog
stay informed












bystander cpr saved bob jackson’s ...
02.13.2025
read more



























local physician joins norman regional’s ...
02.12.2025
read more





















read all articles






awards & accolades
a 78 year tradition of excellence
norman regional operates six accredited centers of excellence, boasts a
	 nationally recognized and award-winning stroke program, established the
	 first accredited chest pain center in the okc metro, and norman regional
	 was the first in oklahoma to achieve certification in perinatal care.
view all







































405-515-1000





about

foundation

blog

careers

inspire health

contact

events


find a location


















































				x
			

⚠
your browser is out of date. to get the full experience of this website,
					 please update to most recent version.

update my browser








healer links|


patient portals|


sitemap|


notice of privacy practices|

aviso sobre prácticas de privacidad



non-discrimination statement|


medical treatment rights|


joint commission public notice|

credential verification







copyright © 2025


site map


privacy policy


accessibility


price transparency





















