











home





































menu





home

 
about me

 
blog

 
contact
 











welcome to moddinstep by step solutions to common it problems











hi there! i am allan geyer. moddin is my online collection of hardware and software tips.



















i've been passionate about hardware since the 90s, when i got my first computer.it was using a buggy processor, because my parents couldn't afford to purchase me one with an intel cpu. so, after seeing that many applications refuse to run properly, i had to work hard for a few years before getting myself a proper replacement. truth be told, to minimize any incompatibility risks, i've only purchased intel-based computers for myself since then.these days i work as a hardware engineer for one of the leading computer makers. moddin is my constantly growing collection of articles which aim to help beginners get as much value as possible out of their hardware and software purchases. so, feel free to pay my site a visit every now and then; you may discover interesting computer-related guides.










who is allan geyer?








i am a skilled hardware engineer with 12+ years of experience








more about me










recent articles










how to upgrade your laptop's wi-fiso, you've got an old, trusty laptop and you'd like to keep it alive for another year or two. and why shouldn't you do that, when its cpu is fast enough, it's got plenty of ram and you've just replaced that ancient drive with a modern ssd? unfortunately, the laptop's wi-fi card is quite old, and this prevents you from enjoying what the internet has to offer at its full potential. according to data alliance, 38% of the laptops that are available on the market include wi-fi modules which don't provide support for 5 ghz networks.that's bad news, because 5ghz networks provide improved data transfer speeds and are less prone to signal interference – a huge plus for people who live in crowded areas. the good news is that there are two methods that can help improve wireless signal reception, and they don't require a lot of money. so, let's see what can be done to solve poor wi-fi reception problems.more info








how to boost your computer's speedtrust me, we are quite spoiled these days. i am old enough to remember the days when you had to wait for 30 seconds until microsoft word was fully loaded, and today the task is done 10 times faster. by the way, the redmond-based software giant has recently released the office 365 network onboarding tool, which will help improve your microsoft office performance.so, most developers are doing their best to help improve our experience. and yet, computers run really slow every now and then, testing our patience. fortunately, there are several things that can be done to boost their speed. read on to discover the most effective methods. first of all, we need to identify the things that may slow down the pc. believe it or not, sometimes a simple computer restart will get things in order.more info








top 10 must-have laptop accessoriesokay, so you are the proud owner of a new laptop. and now you are looking for some cool accessories that will extend its functionality. here are my best picks.1. a laptop bag. it's obvious that you will need one if you intend to use your device outdoors, or just take it with you on a vacation. pick a bag that has the proper size, is comfortable to wear and has quality zippers.2. a laptop cooler. you will need one if you intend to use the laptop for everyday work and/or entertainment purposes. manufacturers try to keep the internal components as cool as possible, but they can't do a fabulous job, because they need to work with way too many hardware parts that are crammed into a tiny space. so, make their job easier and prolong the life of your laptop by investing into a decent laptop cooler.more info








how to buy the best laptoptruth be told, many people are asking themselves this question, but the answer isn't difficult at all: just withdraw some money from your pension fund, and then purchase one of the most powerful laptops in the world! joking aside, most of us have limited financial resources, so we want to get as much value as possible for our hard-earned dollars.to make things even more complicated, there are several dozens of reputable laptop manufacturers which are fighting for our money. and each manufacturer several laptop models, each one of them having dozens of different configurations. so, it's normal to be a bit confused. however, if you read this article, i guarantee that you will be able to pick a laptop that does exactly what you need.more info










want to get in touch with me? it's as easy as clicking that button!








contact me










favorite quote










to make an embarrassing admission, i like video games. that's what got me into software engineering when i was a kid. i wanted to make money so i could buy a better computer to play better video games - nothing like saving the world. elon musk



















moddinyour favorite source of hardware and software tips and articles.allan.geyer@moddin.net309-783-5851


















