



beco technologies - beco technologies





























































☰ navigation
beco technologies
beco technologies


home
client login
support












 
welcome!
beco technologies is the most effective web hosting company that is available on the market today. you can expect reliability, high performance, professionalism, and superior customer service to deliver a comprehensive and easy way to get you web site online.









dedicated servers
need lots of bandwidth?
beco’s dedicated server plans are for websites that demand a lot of traffic. dedicated server plan is perfect if you need the power and flexibility of your own server. 







 
virtual private servers
virtual private server plan is perfect if you need the security and flexibility of a dedicated server, but do not need the expense and complexity of running one. call us and we will assist you in finding the perfect solution!










featured products



basic web hosting plans starting from $9/mo

premium wordpress hosting plans starting from $15.00 per month
advanced web hosting plans starting from $30.83 per month







look no further!
if you’ve been looking for the right company to host your web site – look no further!
beco technologies is the industry leader in utilizing cutting edge open source technologies to help you get the ultimate speed and security out of your website. we specialize in custom tunned virtual private servers for wordpress, magento, drupal installations, and much more.
can’t find the right package for you? custom packages are also available. give us just a few minutes of your time and we will build a great custom solution just for you.
 








testimonials


becotech has served our web design company very well for almost ten
years. we have over 90% of our web design clients with becotech, and
we receive prompt, reliable and professional service. we recommend
becotech for affordable website hosting to all our customers.
 scott richardson blue ridge media
https://www.blueridgemedia.com/

unix system administrators that support enterprise level server environments and key components of the internet rely on the ugu.com website to be available 24/7. when it was time to upgrade the website, we were looking for a provider with reliable infrastructure and has the onsite expertise to resolve our technical issues quickly; we found all this in becotech.
 kirk waingrow ugu
http://ugu.com










  
powered by 


			contact us:
phone: 818-276-4555			








