






charter school authorizers | starting a charter school | charter school funding - ohio council of community schools






































































































charter school advantage


about

what we do
our team
annual report
board of trustees



our services

reauthorization
strategic initiatives
fiscal
compliance



our schools

current schools
future schools



news & events

convocation



contact




database login


search our site

























student centered


 







the ohio council of community schools ensures that our charter schools are legally, fiscally, and academically sound.

 









49
community schools
sponsored by occs




20
years
of experience











 

 


					 
                

exploring black history month: resources and ways to engage
each february, black history month recognizes and reflects on the significant contributions, history, and achievements of black americans. it is an op… read more >




					 
                

occs scholarship cycle 2025-2026 now open!
occs is proud to announce its 18th annual post-secondary scholarship for students currently attending or who have previously attended an occs-sponsore… 




					 
                

9th annual online learning day 
mark your calendars for march 13, 2025!

we are thrilled to announce online learning day at the ohio statehouse atrium in columbus, ohio. this special… read more >




					 
                

celebrating the ribbon cutting at mater academy preparatory
the ohio council of community schools was honored to participate in the ribbon-cutting ceremony at mater academy preparatory in columbus. executive di… read more >




					 
                

chartering the next era at occs annual convocation
the occs annual convocation is a premier event dedicated to empowering occs-sponsored schools through targeted training and networking opportunities. … read more >







 










news & events
exploring black history month: resources and ways to engage

black history month is a time to recognize the contributions, history, and cultural impact of black americans. this blog explores the origins and sign…

read more




news & events
national school choice week 2025

national school choice week (nscw) is an annual celebration aimed at empowering families to make informed decisions about their children’s education. …

read more




news & events
9th annual online learning day

mark your calendars for march 13, 2025! we’re thrilled to host online learning day at the ohio statehouse atrium in columbus, ohio. this special event…

read more




news & events
behind the scenes of education: honoring school board members

school board recognition month is a time to honor the dedicated individuals who volunteer their time to guide and shape our schools. in this blog, we …

read more




 








contact
419.720.5200 419.720.5205 (fax) 3131 executive parkway suite 306 toledo oh 43606
become a sponsored school >






quick links
our servicesaboutannual report


 
our schoolsnews & eventscontact


email newsletter sign up


 
 







 





 








 























