








home - banana tail







































































email us:info@bananatail.com 

visit bt on social networks 



 
 


 



homeabout uswhat is banana tail?meet the casttestimonialsshopkids cornerbanana tail banana recipeskid’s corner coloringbanana tail kidscoloring pageseggboo’s gameshow to draw banana tailshort storiesreena’s photo albumnewseducatorscontact
 







banana tail’s colorful adventure a new direction in children’s books has been developed. a 3d computer generated “young readers” graphic novel. this is not your mom or dad’s picture book. think “finding nemo” or “up” with a trio of young animal friends in a jungle.
learn morepurchase merchandisebanana tail’s colorful adventure has been out on shelves now and can be ordered online or comic shops around the country and even around the world. the new volume ships soon but is available for pre-order right now and also available through amazon.
learn morepurchase merchandisemeet the castmeet the characters and cast from banana tail
learn morestorebring the excitement home. purchase some merchandise today!
purchase an itemkids sectionhave some fun. download some coloring and some stories.
check out the funnewslatest news from banana tail
read moreeducatorshave bt come to help you today!
learn moretestimonialssee what others have said.
read morecontact btreach us today for banana tail.
contact bt todaywait no furtherpurchase them todayget all your hands on all of the banana tail books, coloring books, t-shirts and other merchandise to share with friends and family alike.
learn morepurchase them today!latest banana tail news










banana tail and the checkerboard jungle review
comic veteran mark mckenna delivers a fun children’s book about overcoming bullying, friendship, and of course, a banana-tailed monkey. comic’s veteran mark mckenna is no stranger to the industry, as we learned last march when we got to speak with mark about his upcoming banana tail picturebook. a long-time comic book veteran of 35 years, […]












‘banana tail and the checkerboard jungle’ by mark mckenna: a fun children’s adventure.
banana tail is a fun-loving story about a mischievous monkey and his friends aimed at ages preschool to six-years-old. the fun-loving banana tail and his lovable friends will have kids asking for more. written by mark mckenna with art by kevin west and mark mckenna, banana tail tells the story of a young monkey who can’t get enough […]












banana tail leaps into his next adventure! a review of the new kids’ book by mark mckenna
do you remember when i told you about banana tails by mark mckenna? i just got to read the upcoming issue and i really like it! here’s my sneak peek at why you should totally support it in its last two days on kickstarter. if you don’t know what banana tail is, it’s a series […]

banana tail bookscollect them all today!
purchase them todaybanana tail limited edition portfolioget the limited set today.purchase them todaybanana tail’s colorful adventuregrab the fun of bt now!purchase them todaybanana tail itemsget the additional merchandise today!purchase them todayexplore anima islandyou can explore banana tail’s home on the map. games, coloring pages, tasty banana recipes, comic book stories, photos of the gang and more… they’re all hidden somewhere on anima island!
you can also check out the kids koloring corner – find out more today.
explore more todayfun factsbanana fun facts to enjoy
learn morecoloring pagesprint and color banana tail pages.
learn morerecipesbanana tail recipes for anyone.
learn morestoriesread some banana tail stories today!
learn more 


veteran creator mark mckenna has published a couple of delightful “banana tail” children’s book over the years, and now gives his creation, a monkey with a banana for a tail, a true comic book treatment for everyone to enjoy.
abouthomeabout usshopnewseducatorscontact
banana tail castwhat is banana tail?meet the castkids sectiontestimonials
contact usorder inquiries:
orders@bananatail.com
e-mail: 
info@bananatail.com

copyright by banana tail. all rights reserved.
about banana tailmeet the casteducatorsshop


















