






home - reishi.com











































































		skip to content	


reishi.com

			a guide to reishi mushrooms		




menu					 
close					 


home
reishi overviewopen menu

benefits of reishi
traditional usage (tcm)
how does reishi work?
how reishi is prepared
reishi cultivation


resourcesopen menu

articles
research papers
media
links
terminology


faq
about

search for:search button 







a guide to reishi mushrooms

what is reishi
benefits
how it works


 red reishi (ganoderma lucidum) has long been recognized in asia as “one of our most valuable herbal medicines.” used for over 2000 years in traditional chinese medicine (tcm), ling zhi, as it’s called in chinese, translates as “holy mushroom.” it has been nicknamed “the mushroom of immortality,” “the great protector,” and “the herb of spiritual potency.”


what is ganoderma
while reishi mushrooms fall under the ganoderma genus and there are other similar looking mushrooms growing on dead or old tree trunks, dna and other testing techniques have identified that some of the mushrooms identified as reishi are distinctly different.
the focus here is on the species ganoderma lucidum or red reishi.










what are reishi’s benefits?

boosting immune function
treating allergies
calming overactive immune system
managing stress
improving sleep
addressing depression and anxiety
supporting the respiratory system
fortifying the liver
strengthening the kidneys



what makes reishi special?
with more than 400 active compounds, red reishi offers a virtual pharmacy of health benefits. as an adaptogen, red red reishi has the ability to return the body to homeostasis for a wide range of health issues. red reishi is termed in traditional chinese medicine as a “superior herb,” as it is able to restore balance, even when used as a single herb. red reishi is non-toxic and can be safely used long term by most.



















featured video
this video takes you on a tour of the nikkei co. farm in isesaki, japan, home of the world’s best reishi mushroom.learn more about red reishi with the mayuzumi family, the pioneers of reishi cultivation.



















recent articles
will reishi keep me awake?5 reasons why reishi mushrooms are great for your petswhat does reishi taste like?why is it important to know how your reishi product is grown?

recent research
the pharmacological rationales and molecular mechanisms of ganoderma lucidum polysaccharides for the therapeutic applications of multiple diseasesantioxidant, antibacterial, antitumor, antifungal, antiviral, anti-inflammatory, and nevro-protective activity of ganoderma lucidum: an overview


any information provided on reishi.com is for informative purposes only.








 



																						reishi.com																		

				copyright © 1996 - 2025 world health publishing inc. all rights reserved.				
privacy policy 




 










we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok




