





san jose draperies and shades located in campbell - monique's draperies and shades

























































skip to content
 







408.374.8100





			by appointement only
		
 mon-fri: 10:00am-5:00pm
		 sat: 10:00am-4:00pm sun: closed
	














												call us today!
											




408.374.8100



serving san jose 			and surrounding areas




















home
about us
services

measuring
installation
manufacturing
repair
home consultation


products

drapes
valances
swags
shutters &  wood blinds
cornices
roman shades
bedding
hunter douglas
hardware


our-gallery
blog
contact us






 










need something specific?with our custom services, you can tell us what you need and we will take care of the rest!talk with us today
monique’s draperies and shades does in-person home consultations. we no longer have a physical store location. we offer the same incredible products, selection, and great service! contact us to schedule an appointment today.
 


take a look at our productswe carry some of the finest window coverings and home goods in all of campbell.view our products
 


we go to great lengths!from shutters to roman shades, we make sure all our products are top quality.learn more about us
 











 







friendly service
from measuring to installation, we always offer top quality services.
review our services




  







upgrade your home
want to replace your guestroom bedding?    ready to replace those old shutters?
see our products




  







ready to get started?
schedule your no obligation consultation today! we are excited to work with you.
give us a call




 










campbell draperies and shades
serving san jose and the surround area since 1963
 with more than 52 years of experience, we at monique’s draperies and	 shades are here to handle your window covering and decorating needs in	 san jose and surrounding areas including campbell, san jose and the surrounding	 area. we go to great lengths to incorporate your design requirements at	 budget friendly prices and offer many high-end brands, including hunter	 douglas. from drapes to pillow cases, shutters and window shades to bedding,	 we can help you dress your room in a way that fits your style.
we provide measurement services, installation services, and manufacturing for:

window coverings
bedding
reupholstery and window coverings
custom window coverings

explore our website or call (408) 374-8100 for more information about our products.
magazine-worthy furnishings in campbell
the way you decorate your home tells your guests about your interests,	 priorities, and sense of style. make sure your home sends the message	 you intend by consulting with one of our design experts.
we offer the following products to help you personalize your space:


hunter douglas window covering
roman shades
swags
cornices
valances
shutters
drapes
bedding

making your dream a reality
create a welcoming environment in your living room with our luxury window	 draperies, or blackout your baby’s room with pull-down blackout curtains	 and roman shades. we can customize to any window size and we’re experts	 in color coordination—helping you to produce a room that any designer	 would admire.
		if you are ready to decorate your home with a splash of design and style,		 be sure to 		contact us today at (408) 374-8100. 	









in the news








contact us today
request a consultation

name*email*phone*message:*

 











blog



february 12, 2014
monique’s draperies





 











                                    our values                                


over 50 years of experiencefresh design ideaswe offer free consultationseverything from window coverings to bedding 






















home
about us
services
products
blog
contact us
 





monique's draperies & shades - campbell hunter douglas window coverings 
by appointement only				                            				                        








 
408.374.8100







stay in touch

















							©2018 all rights reserved.						

privacy policy
site map
accessibility statement
 










































