




			performance specialty



























































home



fun runner (rv)



racer enclosed 



hiway cargo enclosed



carson cargo enclosed



car haulers



atv / motorcycle



utility 



equipment haulers



dump trailers



landscape trailers



trailer options



trailer information



custom trailers



links



contact us / map





 
					




							have a question? drop us an 
email. 
need directions or want to call us? check out our 
contact page for driving directions and other contact 
							information.



















home of carson trailers since 1992!

factory lower prices posted as of 12/14/2024 with serious price cuts in all trailer categories and models going into the new year.

new custom order "fixed profit" program now in place!
one fixed price in 5 different categories. all trailers included from mild to wild. from a small custom single axle 5'x8' utility trailer to custom 40' 5th wheel fully optioned fun runner toy haulers.
note: this program is only for custom orders picked up at the factory in los angeles, ca. see the custom order sale program page for details.
mega savings - shop and compare.
lowest price on any carson trailer guaranteed – bring us a competitor’s “out the door price” on their official estimate form and we will beat it even if we have to sell it at our cost.
likewise bring us any other major nationwide brand trailer dealer’s “out the door price” on their official form, on a like trailer (apples to apples, not apples to oranges comparisons), big tex, pj, iron bull, sooner, etc. including enclosed trailers like tpd, haulmark, pace, interstate, etc., etc. and enclosed toy hauler-rv trailers, like weekend warrior, renegade, etc., and we will try to beat their prices.
even if we can’t beat their “out the door price” you end up with the best price possible.
custom orders always welcome, from mild to wild, carson trailer manufacturing can do it!
call 530-865-8277 (wed-sun 9-5)
financing options available through sheffield financial or your own lender.


	















looking

                              for a great trailer at a

                              guaranteed-unbeatable price* in

                              the western united states? performance specialty trailers more than

                              likely has it or can get it for you!

moving? don't throw your money away
        					   renting a trailer.  buy an enclosed or open trailer
							   and make your move a wise investment.  trailers not
							   only hold their resale value extremely well, but are
							   easy to resell - especially when equipped with ramps.

                            








 

                                                    






check out our

                              selection of regular enclosed trailers that cover

                              a multitude of uses. protect your race car, show

                              car or project car. create a traveling shop or

                              concession trailer for your business.
how about a

                              great fun runner rv trailer for a

                              weekend jaunt or to just travel across the

                              country? when you want outdoor family fun, do it

                              in style and comfort in a fun runner! the uses are

                              endless-- hunting, fishing, hauling dirt bikes,

                              quad runners or dune buggies. heck, you can even

                              haul your race car! you choose. your trailer can

                              be as simple or elaborate as you need.

                            



call performance specialty today

                                                                                    - and keep your money

                              where it belongs ....in your wallet!

* our unbeatable guarantee means just that. you supply proof of a supplier selling a comparable carson trailer at a lower price we will beat or match that offer guaranteed. supply your estimate with the company's logo letterhead or invoice with price and dealer license. it's that simple. carson trailer sales. a trailer for every need!




 

                                                    


quality trailers at the

                                                            lowest prices
prices subject to change without notice




















