

in-person and online hr training and hr certifications for fmla, ada, payroll, investigations, and hr generalists - hrtrainingcenter











0
		call for support: 770-410-1219


all topics hr seminars hr webinars payroll workers' comp hr certifications 




x

all hr courses
hr training by topic   >
hr events   >
hr certifications   >
hr certificate programs   >

hr compliancehr managementpayroll & compensationworkers' compensationsafetyprofessional developmentcertifications
hr seminarshr webinarspayroll webinarsworkers' comp webinarssafety webinarsrequest on-site traininghr on-demand courses
fmla training & certification programada training & certification programcobra training & certification programleave management training & certification programcafeteria plan training & certification programhsa training & certification program401(k) training & certification programcertified payroll manager
certificate program for hr generalistsstrategic hr leadership certificate programcertificate program in fmla and ada complianceinternal investigations certificate programadvanced internal investigations certificate program







human resources training& certification courses
enhance your career with hr training!

view course listing

training courses trusted by thousand of companies, including












why take an hr training course?



get the education you need to succeed!

provides increased knowledge, skills, and competency
differentiates you from the competition
gives you additional credibility and validity
assists with career advancement
increases your job mobility
makes you more likely to receive pay raises
earn a certification

view course listing



explore our top award winning courses certificate program for hr generalists ™rating: 4.87 - 786 reviewsthis course is available in both in-person and video conference formats.

this course provides practical solutions to the hr challenges you confront every day. from employee relations to compliance requirements, you'll learn how to handle the tough hr questions you receive every day.learn more about course internal investigations certificate program ™rating: 4.88 - 671 reviewsavailable via in-person and video conference formats - or we can come to you!

by attending, you'll learn how to properly handle a workplace or internal investigation, including the when, why, and how to conduct internal investigations and best practices for interviewing, documenting, and reporting.learn more about course certificate program in fmla, ada, and pwfa compliance ™rating: 4.89 - 395 reviewsthis course is available in both in-person and video conference formats.simply select your desired date below for practical tools, tips, and techniques you need to effectively manage your fmla and ada compliance responsibilities.learn more about course
read some great testimonials from satisfied customers"great class - my head is still spinning with all the great info.

how do i access the included training certificate programs?

thanks. - kelli manford"kelli manford"i loved this class. i also really loved the instructor. she was very engaging and very knowledgeable. she made the class fun, it was easy to follow, the small class size was a nice change of pace from the usual. i would recommend this class to a new hr professional for sure. thank you for a great three days!"danielle vesce"the presenter was awesome.  she made the training easy to understand; provided lots of examples which are very helpful; and definitely made it very comfortable for all participants to provide input, ask questions.  it is one of the best trainings i have gone to.  thank you!"migdalia aldahondo"natalie ivey was one of the most engaging speakers i have ever had at a conference.  i had anticipated a very boring 3 days, but in fact, probably learned more at this conference than any other i have attended.  i walked away retaining the information given and came back to my company and implemented so many of the things i learned."diane brannen"thank you.  it was one of the most valuable training programs i have experienced in a long time."mary kay rail"it was truly a great course!"anna chow"i would highly recommend this seminar to anyone in the hr profession.  whether you are an hr generalist or supervisor, just starting out in your hr career or a seasoned professional, this course contains a wealth of information that anyone can benefit from."amy hodge"i would highly recommend this course for any hr generalist who is either just starting in their hr career or even for those generalists who just want to make sure that they are knowledgeable in all aspects of their position. definitely worth the time!"erin campbellsee more testimonials ...see more testimonials ...

find best-selling online and in-person hr training programs
we offer many best-selling online and in-person hr certification program training courses for your career needs.search our best-selling live and online hr seminars and human resource workshops. most are available in both in-person and virtual formats, and almost all offer shrm and hrci credits.




or
 select topic adaaffirmative action / eeobackground checksbullying / harassment preventioncafeteria planscertified hr administratorcertified professional in disability managementcobracommunicationcompensationcomputer skillsdisability / leave mgt.discipline / conflict managementdiscriminationdiversityemployee benefitsfinance / accountingflsafmlahandbooks / job descriptionshipaahr managementhsa/hraimmigration / i9 / everifyinterpersonal skillsinvestigationslabor & employment lawleadershiplegal / compliancemanager  supervisor trainingmetrics / benchmarkingpayrollpersonal developmentpersonal skillsphr sphr exam prepproject managementquickbooks trainingrecordkeeping / document retentionrecruiting & hiringretirement planssafetysales trainingterminating / firing / layoffsworkers' compensationworkers' recovery professional associatewriting skills
and

choose your statealabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdcdelawarefloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingalbertabritish columbiamanitobanew brunswicknewfoundland and labradornorthwest territoriesnova scotianunavutontarioprince edward islandquebecsaskatchewanyukonpuerto ricou.s. virgin islands









best-selling hr training and certification programslearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn more

why choose hr training center for your hr future?



			hrtrainingcenter has provided hr training courses and hr certificate programs since the mid-1990s. we offer online, in-person, and virtual hr certification courses.
			once a purely task-oriented department dealing with payroll and hiring, human resources is now an important part of an organization's strategic goals and objectives. with an ever-growing list of demands, legal requirements, and technical expertise required of the typical hr manager, there has never been a greater need for human resources certification courses to help an organization remain competitive and compliant.
			view all courses










about our hr certification programs

training center offers seminars, webinars, and online training courses that help you learn the various duties and functions of human resource management. whether you have worked in human resources for years or are just beginning your career, the right training course can help you improve your skills and gain a deeper understanding of your hr responsibilities. at hrtrainingcenter.com, we offer training courses online and in person, so you can fit professional development into your busy schedule.
taught by knowledgeable instructors, our hr training seminars are available in both in-person and video conference formats and our hr webinars are available in both live and ondemand options. with multiple training modalities available, we make it possible for everyone to receive the hr training they need.
also available: hr certification courses
earning an hr certification can improve your job mobility and increase the value you deliver for your organization. at hrtrainingcenter.com, we provide certification courses that delve into a range of complex hr topics, from conducting internal investigations to managing cafeteria plan benefits to handling payroll, fmla, ada, cobra, and other federally-mandated compliance requirements.
whether you need to establish foundational knowledge of regulations such as the family and medical leave act (fmla) or learn how to properly manage payroll, our courses provide opportunities for interaction and numerous examples to help you understand the material. each human resources online or in-person training course can count toward either initial certification or recertification, depending on your needs. enjoy your training, and please contact us if you have questions!
each of our hr certificate programs includes not only training on how to effectively comply with each law's mandated requirements, but updates whenever the laws change, plus the ability to earn a "certified administrator" designation by taking the topic-specific exam.


faqswhy take a human resources certification program course?hr certification programs offer hr managers and hr generalists a chance to acquire essential skills. at the same time, these courses award important designations that can help you get hired and advance your career.getting hr certified has become increasingly valuable to hr professionals. according to a recent payscale.com survey, 36.4% of hr respondents have at least one certification. further, hr certifications can provide you with increased knowledge, skills, and competency, give you additional credibility and validity, increase the value you provide to your organization, and also make you more likely to receive pay raises!  more infowhy earn an hr generalist certification?an hr generalist certification offers a simple way to advance your career in human resources. at hrtrainingcenter.com, our hr generalist certification course covers all aspects of human resources. this type of comprehensive training will benefit you by: expanding your employment opportunitiesan hr generalist certification shows your dedication to the human resources field, making you more attractive to future employers and more likely to receive a promotionexplaining current laws and regulationshr generalist training will provide an up-to-date overview of state and federal employment laws. with your knowledge refreshed, you can approach daily tasks with confidence and reduce the risk of noncomplianceproviding strategies for real-world scenariostaught by knowledgeable experts, our hr generalist certification course allows you to ask questions and consider practical examples. you can bring what you learn back to your hr department and increase the value you provide to your organizationmore infowhy choose hrtrainingcenter.com for human resources training?if you are thinking about earning a human resources certification, or just need some training on your new job responsibilities, you need to choose an organization you trust. when you enroll in one of our hr training or certification programs, you will benefit from:knowledgeable instructorsexpert instructors with deep knowledge of hr best practices teach both our online and on-location courses. you will have opportunities to engage with interactive exercises and ask questions throughoutyears of experienceat hrtrainingcenter.com, we have provided training to thousands of companies since our founding in 1994. our experience allows us to effectively serve large corporations and small businessescourse flexibilityby offering hr certification online and in-person, we make it possible for anyone to receive the training they need, regardless of geographic locationa helpful teamwe understand that choosing an hr certificate program is a big decision. you want to find a program that will meet your employer's requirements and expand your job opportunities. if you need help selecting a program, our team can provide guidance do your training programs qualify for shrm or hrci re-certification credits?yes. webinars or audio conferences qualify for 1.5 credit hours, while our seminars typically qualify for 18 shrm or hrci re-certification credits.are discounts available if i need to train more than one employee?yes! discounts are available according to both how many employees you want to train and for having us train at your location. the system will automatically figure in your discount when you order; conversely, you can call us for details and pricing.can you bring your training to our location?yes! we do exactly this for a number of organizations each year. not only does doing this save your organization time and travel expenses, but depending upon the number of employees you want trained, you can receive up to 50% off of the regular price! more info





hr training center
5755 north point parkway
suite 227
alpharetta, ga 30022
770-410-1219
support@hrtrainingcenter.com


courses
all topics
hr seminars
hr webinars
hr certifications


certifications
hr generalist
payroll
fmla/ada
investigations


info
about us
guarantee
privacy
contact us


stay up to date
add email for new course dates, and news:




need training or resources in other areas? try our other training center sites:
accounting banking insurance financial services real estate mortgage safety
© copyright hrtrainingcenter.com 2025




