








the carolina club - golf course in the outer banks, north carolina




















































reservations: 252.453.3588

book a tee timeexclusive deals











hometee timesgolf
accoladesratesscorecardphoto gallerypro shopgolf instructionpoliciespost scorerecent newshole in one clubmembershipgolf membership1-fore-$25 passdiningshoptournamentscontact
contact usemploymentstay in the know
























the carolina club
outer banks best of the beach9 time winner'20 | '21 | '22 | '23

												book a tee time






 

scroll down













 









                                                    golf                        
                        
                    
in grandy, nc
since 1998, the carolina club has been a golfing favorite of outer banks locals and visitors alike. our par 72 championship layout offers generous fairways, and superb bent grass greens that have been rated as some of the finest putting surfaces in the southeastern u.s.

view course information



















 




                                            tournaments                    
                    
                
see outer banks golfing tournament dates here. 
view
more





 




                                            the pointe golf club                    
                    
                

visit our sister course just down the road.
visit now





 




                                            tucker's bar & grille                    
                    
                
open to the public
breakfast, lunch & dinner
view our menu












reviews






    

if you’re heading to obx make sure to stop in here and play. they are doing things right at the carolina club. you are greeted properly as they pull a golf cart right up to your car. the pro shop has a nice selection of shirts, hats, equipment. the course is in amazing condition even with mid august drought conditions. the greens roll true .stopped in for lunch and the bar area has a fun laid back feel with friendly staff. who ever is running this club is doing an amazing job. this was not my first time playing the carolina club, they are very welcoming and consistent. great place to spend the day at when you go to obx. didn’t have my best round of golf but i did have the best time!! thanks to all of you at the club.





    

we had 3 groups of 4 for our first annual memorial tournament. we had a great time, fun coarse, user friendly, great staff who liked having us! the sports bar at the turn and finish was nice, good food and tap. just a short drive for a good value from nags head proper.





    

i found the carolina club to be one of the best courses i’ve played. the staff was great and went the extra step to ensure we have a great round. the course was in great shape and the weather was perfect. the black tees can be challenging but well worth the step back.





    

our family comes from ohio and pennsylvania and we dream about the carolina club year round. course layout is like nothing we have played. 6,7,9,18 are fantastic holes. the staff is extremely friendly and helpful and always willing to chat. it’s a 20 minute drive from the bridge, but prices are too good to pass up. love it!





    

i play this course once a year. and it’s consistently the best course i play all year. it’s always in great shape! love the layout and the greens are challenging. outside of the geese tearing up the fairway on 18 and the carolina humidity, it’s almost perfect!





    

this course is a must play for golfers of average to highest level golfers. josh will welcome you in the clubhouse and answer any questions you have and notify you of any relevant course conditions. the course is consistently in great shape and holes are unique and challenging. pace of play is the best in the area, especially after 12 noon. clubhouse food is great and the beer is always cold. highly recommended.



















































book a tee time: 252.453.3588127 carolina club dr, grandy, nc 27939
 
© 2025 the carolina club | contact us | site mapdesigned and hosted by 121 marketing





close 







home








tee times








food








contact







hometee timesgolf
accoladesratesscorecardphoto gallerypro shopgolf instructionpoliciespost scorerecent newshole in one clubmembershipgolf membership1-fore-$25 passdiningshoptournamentscontact
contact usemploymentstay in the know


reservations: 252.453.3588 
book a tee timeexclusive deals
 






×



 





