










mcsweeney’s internet tendency



























search

 



internet tendency
the store
books division
quarterly concern
the believer
donate













mcsweeney’s
internet tendency
daily humor almost every day since 1998.
daily humor almost every day since 1998.
 







 





mcsweeney's internet tendency's patreon
join our patreon for as little as $5 a month and get access to author interviews, content calls, discounts at our store, and more. help support our writers and keep our site ad-free.






our latest post



lists
quotes from famous romance films rewritten for the first weeks of trump’s second term
“shut up! just shut up… you had me at ‘minorities cause aviation accidents.’”
by caroline horwitz
 


please stop ripping my bodices
“am i flattered by thy haste? forsooth. i am not made of stone. but, good lord, man. i must wear something. have some self-restraint.”
by amanda lehr
 


lists
valentine’s day card inscriptions inspired by submarine disasters
our love is like the uss scorpion…
the initial construction was reasonable, but regular maintenance was refused until negligence distilled an inescapable nightmare.
by mallory bierbrauer
 


government welfare is evil, unless the money goes to the wealthiest man in the world
“what a far cry from the days of democrat corruption. it’s like we were living in darkness, only to emerge into this bright and blinding light where we literally refuse to see what’s in front of our eyes.”
by devorah blachor
 


finally, my tax dollars are being used to uncover publicly available government information
“i’ve long wondered where my tax dollars are going but haven’t bothered to do the five minutes of research it would take to learn that all that information is already meticulously documented and tracked in numerous publicly available reports and websites.”
by meg reid
 





trending



february 10, 2025
voting for the mayor who promised to blow up the city doesn’t mean i approve of the mayor blowing up the city
 by mike drucker



february  5, 2025
here at doge, we’ve streamlined every aspect of america’s collapse
 by tom ellison



february  4, 2025
an accurate organizational chart of your university
 by ryan weber



february 13, 2025
finally, my tax dollars are being used to uncover publicly available government information
 by meg reid



february  3, 2025
we democrats will fight back just as soon as we can get our shit together
 by kathryn baecht



february  3, 2025
elon musk’s directive on how to change a light bulb in a federal building
 by jonathan weisberg







interviews, essays, and excerpts



february 14, 2025

excerpts from the believer: the joy of persona
 by ross simonini



february 12, 2025

mcsweeney’s books: an interview with author ahmed naji and translator katharine halls
 by amanda uhle



february  7, 2025

excerpts from the believer: an interview with  martine syms
 by claire l. evans



february  6, 2025

mcsweeney’s books: an interview with jason roeder about griefstrike!, his humor book about grief
 by mcsweeney’s



january 31, 2025

excerpts from the believer: ask carrie
 by carrie brownstein



january 28, 2025

reviews of new food: jeni’s cosmic bloom ice cream
 by gwendolyn pryor boutros



january 24, 2025

excerpts from the believer: inside out
 by pepper stetler




news & announcements




bay area: come see mac barnett’s & shawn harris’s “the first cat in space live!” click for details.
 



we’re looking for a handyperson to help us with a project in our san francisco headquarters. click for more info.
 



behold the heroes on our patreon donor wall of fame
 



visit daveeggers.net
 






    subscribe to the tendency substack
  


  subscribe  





    sign up for our newsletter
  


  subscribe  





over in the store







                “a key barometer of the literary climate.”
—the new york times

 






                “it's not just that i trust sam sax's imagination. my sincere belief is that sam's creative freedom unlocks the potential for our liberation.” 
—saeed jones
              
 






                “a beautiful magical artifact for every wizard's library!”
—pendleton ward, emmy-award winning creator of adventure time

 






                a collection of riotously entertaining columns, written for the believer magazine during its years in the desert.

              
 

visit the store




recent posts



february 13, 2025
valentine’s day guide for the huberman lab listener in your life
 by clem rothchild



february 13, 2025
i vow, from this day forward, to watch every episode of freaks and geeks with you
 by kerry elson



february 12, 2025
trump is just threatening to do something stupid as a terrible negotiation tactic
 by joe wellman



february 12, 2025
we’re being maximally transparent. for instance, we [redacted]
 by eli grober



february 12, 2025
i know this is a bad time, but i would like a refund for my ticket to our american cousin
 by andrew patrick clark


tendency archive
lists
open letters
monologues
all columns




please engage with our brand on social media.

facebook
x/twitter
instagram
substack
bluesky
threads

or you may contact our customer service representative. she is a friendly human person.

email us
849 valencia st.sf, ca 94110

looking for submissions?right this way…






friends & fellows

voice of witness
the vad foundation
826 tutoring centers
scholarmatch
transition magazine
the organist
international alliance of youth writing centers




mcsweeney’s is an independent nonprofit publishing company based in san francisco.
as well as operating a daily humor website, we also publish timothy mcsweeney’s quarterly concern, illustoria and an ever-growing selection of books under various imprints. you can buy all of these things from our online store. you can support us today by making a donation.

we are committed to our environment. each year, we purchase carbon offsets commensurate with our estimate of the impact of the printing, shipping, and travel necessary to publish our books and magazines. we are continually working to minimize our impact on the planet by examining every business decision through a lens of sustainability. to support this effort, or to learn more, please write to executive director amanda uhle.



internet tendency
the store
books division
quarterly concern
the believer
donate
about us


events
email newsletter
advertise
store policy
contact us
internships
submission guidelines




copyright © 1998–2025, mcsweeney’s literary arts fund.all rights reserved.








search

 
internet tendency
the store
books division
quarterly concern
the believer
donate







