




  




home - for grace
















































































donate







sign up for our newsletter











home
contact
donate








toggle navigation


 about us 

about for grace
our inspiration
board of governors
 advisory council
supporting artists
acknowledgements
 contact
  

women in pain 

what is wip?
wip actions
wip petition
 wip bill of rights
wip action team
101 wellness ideas
 battle for grace
crazy music project
trauma talk
 women in pain nation
  

media and news 

what’s new
fire within blog
media appearances
 public appearances
awareness actions
media kit
 press releases
  

resources 

wip resources
women’s health organizations
pain organizations
 chronic pain 101
other resources
 

get involved 

share your story
11th wip conference
past conferences
 legislation & policy
donations
 












  





















										for grace is an organization devoted to promoting care and wellness for women challenged by high-impact chronic pain...											



 















										trauma leading to chronic pain, trauma release and post-traumatic growth were explored at for grace's 11th annual women in pain conference. catch the archive by linking here...											



 















										for grace founder releases the crazy music project to encourage women in pain to follow their passions through expressive therapy and find better wellness. link here to listen!   											



 















										for grace leaders john garrett and cynthia toussaint team up again in 2025 to lead women in pain nation – a bold social media campaign that aims to inspire and empower! 											



 















										in 2025, california state senator maria elena durazo will again author for grace's september pain awareness month resolution. cheers to 22 years-in-a-row!											



 















										telling the chronic pain experience raw and real with no punches pulled. learn more about battle for grace, a life-changing memoir of grit and determination...											











for grace ©2021






















what's new




							02.12						


								new sponsor comes on board for ca pain resolution							
for grace continues to move ahead with this year's pain awareness month and women in pain awareness day resolution - but with a change that brings new...
read more




							02.03						


								shopping hosting “sizzle reel” that aims to empower women in pain							
building on their popular live stream series that covered a number of health and wellness topics at the mighty, for grace leaders john garrett and cyn...
read more




							02.01						


								for grace’s february story of the month							
as we continue our look at the connection between chronic pain and social isolation, check out for grace's powerful february story of the month. victo...
read more












blog features




								11.22							


									shingles and my ten-year-old bottle of vicodin								
a few years ago, a friend who’d been through a rowdy case of shingles tried to spook me. “you of all people, cynthia, have to get your vaccine....
read more




								07.23							


									selling us short with long covid								
after four years of diligently following cdc guidelines to avoid covid like the plague, it finally caught up with me. and, like my doctors presumed, i...
read more




								04.11							


									painful choices about a safe space								
it’s no secret. in my book, there’s no better medicine than self-care. to that point, i’m a proud member of my local ymca. in fact, it’s be...
read more















pain matters from discovery channel cme on vimeo.



featured video




groundbreaking chronic pain documentary premieres on the discovery channel — available online! 
for grace partnered with, consulted on and is featured in pain matters, a one-hour film that is a must see for people with pain, their loved ones and healthcare professionals.
to compliment the documentary, there’s a pain matters youtube page where you can view the film and see cutting-edge information about pain management. link here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc6mzthbfyilzqnisb9_hzhq






  


about us
women in pain
media and news
resources
get involved
donate 



© 2024 for grace, a project of community partners




terms of use
privacy
site map
 














