




world taxpayers associations






















 









    menu 


home
about us
members’ area
success stories
events
how to join
contact











taxpayers regional forum 

may 22, 2024 
madrid, spain







18th world taxpayers conference 

may 23 & 24, 2023 
prague, czech republic







17th world taxpayers conference

may 23-26, 2019
sydney, australia







the government has no money of their own.
there is only taxpayers’ money.

margaret thatcher 14 october 1983, speech to conservative party conference







“everyone wants to live at the expense of the state.
they forget that the state lives at the expense of everyone.”

frédéric bastiat







“i’m greatly encouraged by the work of the world taxpayers associations and its members.

the battle for lower taxes and limited government is never ending, so their commitment to the cause is to be admired.” ~ dr. art laffer, economist and former economic advisor to president reagan










the global network of taxpayers groups
working together for lower taxes, limited and accountable government, and taxpayer rights all over the world.
join us  



about us
the world taxpayers associations, wta, is a dynamic organization connecting taxpayer protection groups from over 60 countries in order to share best practices and to create opportunities for collaboration, so as to spread economic freedom to millions of citizens worldwide.


how to join
if you are interested in learning more about what the wta offers and membership information, please contact the secretary-general, here: secretarygeneral@worldtaxpayers.org


blog
the blog section is the online platform where member organizations connect, share their recent news, success stories, learn how to build and grow an organization, publish research, as well as links to key resources and to other like-minded organizations.
 visit the blog





latest news 
news from wta and wta members - join wta and share your news




 
sweden: the waste of nations

sweden
the swedish taxpayers association, skattebetalarna, has launched an international campaign against waste. in 1776, scottish thinker adam smith wrote the book the wealth of nations to...

 
canada: victories for taxpayer

canada
the canadian taxpayers federation (ctf) achieved three policy victories recently in the province of alberta, when the government announced a new balanced budget law, spending limitation law...

 
europe: new report analysing the vat policy gap

united states
the tax foundation recently released the vat expansion and labor tax cuts report. the value-added tax (vat) is a major source of revenue for eu countries. for member states, it represents...

 
united states: remote obligations and mobility index

united states
the national taxpayers union has released the first annual remote obligations and mobility (roam) index, a ranking of how every state treats remote workers. the roam index analyzes...

 
new zealand: two victories for taxpayers: tvnz/radionz (rnz) merger scrapped and the new job tax postponed

new zealand
recently, new zealand’s government was forced to drop its expensive plans to merge tvnz and rnz on which it planned to spend $3 million on rebranding alone. the new...











letter from the chairman
					john o'connell
	
					
read the most recent: wta chairman’s update #11 (12 march 2023)






our members
























































about us
 wta rss feed
the world taxpayers associations, wta, is a dynamic organization connecting taxpayer protection groups from over 60 countries in order to share best practices and to create opportunities for collaboration, so as to spread economic freedom to millions of citizens worldwide.
 world taxpayers association
55 tufton street
london sw1p 3ql


 secretarygeneral@worldtaxpayers.org


latest news



2018
check out a friend of the wta - atlas network
atlas network is a nonprofit organization connecting a global network of more than 400 free-market organizations in over 80 countries to the ideas and resources needed to advance the cause of liberty.



2018
world taxpayers associations        
the world taxpayers associations, wta, is a dynamic organization connecting taxpayer protection groups from over 60 countries in order to share best practices and to create opportunities for collaboration, so as to spread economic freedom to millions of citizens worldwide. 










 copyright © 2025 all rights reserved (  wta rss feed )
 designed by messagespace 




















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok




