





home - artisan training





































































  





		skip to content








 
 








 
home
courses
membership
faqs
about
contact
 

 menu


home
courses
membership
faqs
about
contact
 








 











£0.00

0
 basket




 













 








accredited h&s and business online training 



 engaging, interactive courses, featuring animated graphics and embedded live presenters. a fun, easy to use and cost effective training solution for you and your staff. 






membership options











 
view all courses



























course categories 



explore our artisan training courses... 















 



health & safety 



view our range of health & safety courses 






view courses











 



business skills 



view our range of business skills courses 






view courses











 



health & social care 



view our range of health & social care courses 






view courses















 



mental health & wellbeing 



view our range of mental health & wellbeing courses 






view courses











 



hospitality 



view our range of hospitality courses 






view courses











 



course bundles 



view our range of course bundles 






view bundles















...or preview all our training courses 






all courses























 


































 



















 







put your h&s and business training in safe hands 



as a leading uk health and safety consultancy, artisan environmental, knowing your business training needs come naturally to us. whether it’s h&s training for you and your staff, general compliance with legislation or simply up-skilling and cpd, you can rest assured our fully accredited courses will meet your requirements. 







alec smith 



managing director - artisan environmental 











 
about us























 







course bundles at great prices! 



our discounted training bundles provide a comprehensive suite of training at affordable prices. 



 


 
targeted training



 
discounted packages









 
industry accredited



 
online, in your own time!









view bundles























what our clients think 



trusted by hundreds of
businesses 










start learning















 



white horse contractors ltd 



“we contacted artisan environmental when we won a contract and unexpectedly found asbestos on site. we asked all our operatives to take the online course which was well structured and very informative. it was easy to use and understand everybody’s responsibilities. we have used it many times since with great success in acting responsibly around asbestos.” 



colin mcbeth 











 



“i completed artisan’s online food hygiene level 5 course with my colleague. the training was really well presented and easy to follow, being clear on the key points that we needed to know without any waffle. this meant it wasn’t too long but also complied with what we needed!” 



suzanne 







 



“our team carried out the asbestos awareness course. we all passed due to the quality and ease of the training. we would recommend artisan training courses to anyone” 



tim logan 














 








subscribe 



all access membership 



a cost effective subscription option to access all of our courses for your staff. 






view membership options















 



industry leading easily-accessible online training courses. 



 


linkedin
 



facebook
 



instagram
 



youtube
 










popular pages 






home




courses




membership




faqs




about




contact











further detail 






my account




cookie policy




privacy policy











get in touch 





artisan training, f4 fareham heights, 


standard way, fareham, hampshire,


po16 8xt









tel: 01329 800650




email: enquiries@artisantraining.co.uk















copyright © 2022 artisan environmental ltd 



artisan training is a trading name of artisan environmental ltd 







made by everseed ltd 














manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 





























