












nossaman llp | attorneys at law

















main menu
main content





nossaman's infra insight webinar series
learn about labor productivity issues during a complimentary webinar on feb. 25th. 
read more




what's next?
if you missed our webinar examining recent executive actions impacting energy, transportation and water, watch on demand.
read more




2025 eminent domain seminars
join us in april as we discuss current issues involving right of way, property acquisitions and eminent domain.
read more




staying compliant in 2025
watch now to learn about significant new laws and recent case developments affecting employers in california.
read more








firm newsnossaman's infrastructure group profiled as a "construction practice group of the year"01.31.2025
firm newsnossaman names two new partners for 202502.03.2025
insightscalifornia political contribution & gift limits increased for 2025-202602.12.2025







a deal is a deal: nossaman succeeds in upholding the terms of a contractwe successfully defended eurus energy america corporation in a multi-claim contract dispute connected to the development of two renewable energy projects in hawai’i resulting in a total defense victory on summary judgment.read more
aba well-being pledge & campaignwe support the aba commission on lawyer assistance programs and its goals to raise awareness, facilitate a reduction in the incidence of problematic substance-use and mental health distress and improve well-being in the law. we are a proud signatory to the aba well-being pledge & campaign.read more
clearing regulatory hurdles to provide a reliable water system for montebello residentswe obtained regulatory approval from the california public utilities commission (cpuc) on behalf of the san gabriel valley water company so it could acquire the city of montebello’s water system and associated assets. san gabriel is now able to add to its rate base while montebello water service customers are ensured long-term access to clean and safe water service. read more
ensuring funding for transportation improvement projects throughout san franciscowe advised the san francisco county transportation authority (sfcta) on drafting a $2.6 billion transportation bill, proposition l, that voters approved in the november 2022 election. proposition l will fund sfcta’s transportation expenditure plan for 30 years and result in $2.6 billion in local transportation funds.read more
nossaman achieves mansfield certification plusmansfield is a yearlong structured certification process designed to ensure all qualified talent at participating law firms have a fair and equal opportunity to be considered for advancement into leadership roles. the focus is on “opening the door wider.” mansfield certification plus is awarded to firms that have at least 30% women, minority, lgbtq+ and lawyers with disabilities within the partnership and lateral hires, as well as in the talent pools for leadership and lateral recruiting opportunities.read more




measuring upour clients, communities and colleagues inspire us to continue advancing.
4xnational law journal "midsize hot list" honoree
top 5"best firms for minority attorneys" law 360
55%leadership roles held by women, minorities, lgbtq individuals
90+community and pro bono organizations supported


the nossaman team has always performed at the highest level and are fully committed to their clients. they seem to take the success of the projects very personally which reflects their commitment.
– 2024 chambers usa



professionalsprofessionalsa b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z 








advanced search
view all

servicesservices


practices


corporate
eminent domain & inverse condemnation
employment
environment & land use
government relations & regulation
health law
infrastructure
insurance recovery & counseling
intellectual property
litigation
pensions, benefits & investments
real estate
water law




industries


energy & utilities
government & public sector
healthcare
real property
transportation
water




thought leadershipthought leadershipinsightsblogseventson-demand webinarspodcastsfirm newssubscribeemployment law update: staying compliant in 2025
this overview of significant new laws and recent case developments affecting employers in california is a must view for all california-based employers.about usabout uswhat sets us apartfirm historyclient successesawards & recognitiondiversity, equity & inclusiondiversity, equity & inclusion2023 diversity reportnossaman caresour legal networknossaman consultsofficesofficesaustindenverlos angelesnew yorkorange countyphoenixsacramentosan franciscoseattletucsonwashington, dccareerscareersjoin our teamattorneyslegal management & staffsummer associate programprofiles in diversitycontact ussearch

jump to page


search keyword





we use cookies on this website to improve functionality, enhance performance, analyze website traffic and to enable social media features. to learn more, please see our privacy policy and our terms & conditions for additional detail.

twitter/xfacebooklinkedinyoutube

site map
terms and conditions
privacy policy
attorney advertising
client payment portal
© 2025 nossaman llp
site by firmseek









