
































    hydroseed professionals | minneapolis, mn | twin city hydroseeding inc.
  

















                  


   

free online estimates




       home



  hydroseeding



  our services


   residential



  golf courses



  community



  erosion control





  contact us














    
 





          
  

call us for free estimates




   






   hydro-seeding & lawn care specialists 
twin city hydroseeding 
has been improving residential 
and commercial lawns 
for over a decade without fail. our spotless reputation is confirmed among the locals and backed up by our work and results. our team has the equipment, training and knowledge to properly prepare your land, plant the seeds and maintain the growth with confidence. our trucks use a specialized pump 
to disperse a liquefied mixture of carefully selected seeds, mulch, fertilizer, and water. all of our products are eco-friendly and "green." ask us about a bonded fiber matrix 
to protect your hydro-seeded soil. give us a call today for more information or to schedule an appointment for a consultation and free estimate with our staff.
    






      



         lawn & property improvement services include:

 
hydro-seedingerosion controlfinish gradingseedbed preparationwatering service and more


   






   things to know before deciding between seeding & sod  
there are a few different facts to consider when choosing between hydro-seeding and sodding. there many more options available in seeding rather than sod. not only are sod choices limited to only grass types, but also require attention and care after installation. it could take up to 4 weeks before the roots take hold and that is if the sod survives the transplant. hydro-seeding results in a stronger and healthier lawn because of the deeper root base developed during growth. whichever decision you choose for your property, our team at twin city hydroseeding inc can help! give us a call today for more information! 651-628-9087.






         



   browse our website 
    home



  hydroseeding



  our services


   residential



  golf courses



  community



  erosion control





  contact us






 contact information 
twin city hydroseeding inc. email: sales@twincityhydroseeding.com address: 
190 ryan dr unit c, little canada, mn 55117, usa

 hours of operation 
   mon - fri
 7:00 am 
- 5:00 pm


 sat - sun
closed






   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy























































































































  
  share by:


















