














ct legal guide

















ctlegalguide.com













ct legal guide 2001 -2003 archived content

 
from 2001 -20003 the ct legal guide offered information about connecticut attorneys | bail bonds | courts | court forms | legal resources | state federal agencies to its visitors.
they also had a moving tribute to a canine search & rescue dog, git ander after he was tragically killed by two police officers.
content is from the site's 2001 -2003 archived pages.
 


canine search & rescue tribute
 


over 250 canine search and rescue dogs worked around the clock at the world trade center and the pentagon after the september 11th terrorist attacks. these heroes worked without the benefit of gas masks and protective clothing.  they climbed and searched places considered to dangerous for humans.  this photo tribute is in their honor in recognition of their bravery and heroic efforts.
special recognition is given to search and rescue dog,
git ander who was gunned down upon his return from ground zero.

git ander: world trade center hero needlessly and recklessly killed in the line of duty
after searching for survivors in the rubble of the world trade center, git ander, a seven-year-old german shepherd returned to duty as a police canine in plainfield, new jersey.  git ander was a member of the union county sheriff’s department k-9 unit.
according to an associated press report, on the night of september 26, 2001, git ander and his handler, sergeant john gillespie,arrived at the scene of a reported stolen car.  the suspects fled on foot.  sergeant gillespie pursued the eighteen-year-old driver while git ander was ordered to chase after and apprehend the other passenger who was a twelve-year-old girl.
git ander apprehended the passenger.  following the procedure the dog was trained to, he held onto the suspect by holding onto her leg.  the dog had been trained not to release his hold on the suspect until his handler arrived on the scene and commanded him to do so.  
minutes before his handler showed up, two other police officers arrived on the scene. despite the fact that git ander wore a police badge on his collar, officers ronald fusco and craig montgomery fatally shot the dog eleven times.  sgt. gillespie arrived just as his dog was dying.
officers ronald fusco and craig montgomery later alleged that they thought the dog was a stray. 
sherriff froehlich of the union county sheriff's department explained that the dog had been trained not to separate from the suspect until a command from his handler was given.  even in the face of repeated gunfire, the dog faithfully followed his handler’s commands. "unfortunately, git gave his life doing what he was supposed to," said sheriff froehlich.  he added that, "he was our most popular dog because he was so easy to deal with. "the kids loved him because he was this big hairy thing they could throw their arms around and hug."
the well-known union county sheriff's department k-9 unit has been highly commended and is well recognized.  git ander and other canines from the unit arrived at the world trade center two hours after the attack on september 11, 2001.
the heroism of git ander has gone unrecognized.  officers ronald fusco and craig montgomery looked at him as a stray and shot him to death while the dog was conducting official police duty. 
git ander, a heroic canine police officer was gunned down for following orders. he deserved respect from his fellow officers.  eleven shots within minutes is an uncalled for act of excessive, deadly force...even if the victim hadn't been a hero and was just a stray.
the unharmed twelve-year-old suspect was later arrested. no charges had been filed against the two officers who shot git ander to death.
edward santiago, chief of police of the town of plainfield, declined to comment on the two officers' actions.
governor james e. mcgreevey
http://www.state.nj.us/governor/govmail.html
senator john lynch
senlynch@njleg.state.nj.us
assemblyman jerry green
asmgreen@njleg.org
chief of police, town of plainfield
edwardsantiago@plainfield.com
mayor of plainfield
albertmcwilliams@plainfield.com
director of public safety, plainfield
michaellattimore@plainfield.com
the matter had also been referred to union county prosecutor thomas v. manahan due to the police use of deadly force.  prosecutor manahan is located at:
offices of the prosecutor of union county
32 rahway avenue,
elizabeth, new jersey 07202
the main telephone number is (908) 527-4500
fax: (908) 289-1267
email prosecutor thomas v. manahan
tmanahan@unioncountynj.org
 


despite clear and convincing evidence, union county prosecutor thomas v. manahan did not file any charges whatsoever against plainfield officers montgomery and fusco who recklessly and needlessly shot to death git ander.  despite the attempts of the police and prosecutor’s office to withhold from the public a police videotape which showed the incident, news 12 new jersey obtained a copy of it and extensively analyzed it.  what was revealed on the videotape was even more shocking than previous reports of the shooting.  new 12 new jersey reported that officers montgomery and fusco fired a total of eighteen shots at git ander at point blank range.  the eighteen consecutive shots can be clearly heard on the videotape.  in addition to git ander wearing his police badge, the union county canine police van which was clearly marked and visible was parked less than ten feet away from the spot where the officers gunned down git ander. 
within seconds of the shooting, sgt. john gillespie arrived on the scene and attempted to talk to officer montgomery when he saw git ander on the ground dying.  the videotape clearly showed officer montgomery lashing out and forcibly and physically knocking sgt. john gillespie down to the ground. 
the videotape is heart wrenching to watch.  the videotape says it all.  officers montgomery and fusco shot nonstop at point blank range eighteen times at git ander and then officer montgomery turned his rage on the dog’s handler.
even before the investigation had been concluded, prosecutor manahan publicly defended these officers.  union county prosecutor manahan closed the case and stated that the plainfield police officers were justified in shooting git ander, and he blamed sgt. gillespie for losing sight of his dog.  plainfield public safety director, michael lattimore, told news 12 new jersey that he was pleased that his officers had been exonerated, and plainfield police chief edward santiago supported his officers' shooting of git ander.
it is an outrage that union county prosecutor did not file charges against these officers.  it is equally appalling that plainfield police chief edward santiago and public safety director michael lattimore condone their officers' conduct. 
let all of these public officials know that you are outraged and demand justice.
 
 

 


 
"during my internship at a car accident law firm a few summers ago, i had an amazing experience that significantly broadened my understanding of the legal system. the exposure to various case work was not only interesting but often unexpected, challenging my preconceptions about the law. one of the most intriguing aspects i learned about was the complexity of personal injury cases. for instance, i discovered that if a client tries to sue an insurance company claiming they deserve a higher settlement, they often lose in the initial rounds. this is because insurance adjusters' evaluations are typically considered professional opinions, which are protected under certain legal principles. another fascinating area was the realm of reputation management in the digital age. i learned that individuals facing negative online content about themselves usually have limited legal recourse for removal, even if the information is damaging to their reputation or potentially misleading. this revelation was eye-opening, highlighting the challenges of balancing free speech with personal privacy in the internet era. however, i also witnessed innovative solutions to these challenges. one client hired a highly regarded online reputation management service that specialized in improving search engine results. while expensive, these services proved effective in suppressing problematic content by optimizing more favorable results. it was astonishing to see how a third party could influence online search rankings, something i would have thought impossible before this internship. this experience made me reflect on the ethical implications of such practices. while it's beneficial for individuals to have some control over their online presence, there's a potential for misuse. for example, a person with a criminal history could potentially use similar methods to hide information about their past misdeeds. i was relieved to learn that reputable reputation management firms verify their clients thoroughly before accepting removal projects, aiming to prevent the concealment of genuinely important public information. my internship at the car accident law firm truly changed my view of the legal profession in a positive way. it opened my eyes to the intricate balance between protecting individual rights and maintaining public access to information. i gained a deeper appreciation for the complexities of modern law practice, especially in areas where technology and legal principles intersect. this experience not only enhanced my legal knowledge but also sparked a keen interest in the evolving landscape of digital rights and responsibilities." josh sherman
 
locate a bail bonds company




fairfield county
hartford county
litchfield county


middlesex county
connecticut counties
new haven county


new london county
tolland county
windham county



 
 
directory of state & federal legal resources
 






connecticut laws


   court resources


   united states courts




connecticut administrative decisions


  court publications


       federal laws & procedures





 

 


connecticut laws


connecticut general statutes (revised to 2001)
	 
connecticut constitution
	includes additional historical information
	 
connecticut general assembly home page
	pending bills
	 
connecticut general assembly text search 2001->1988
	 
connecticut public acts and special acts index  
	(from 1996 to 2000)
	 
connecticut department of revenue  
	tax forms and information
	 
connecticut public health code
	 


connecticut state administrative decisions

attorney ethics: 


connecticut statewide grievance committee
	statewide attorney grievance decisions from 1994



unemployment:

connecticut employment security board of review
	board of review decisions (from oct. 1994) and precedential board precedent manual decisions
	(1990 to sept. 1994). supplements the precedent manual
	 


connecticut court resources:


superior court calendars & civil short calendar procedures
	 
standing orders by judicial district


court fees
	 


civil/family case look-up

	    search by party name

	   search by docket number
	 
guide to short calendar & case look-up
	 
unemployment appeals
	 
court forms
	 
connecticut judicial branch
	 


juror attendance status
	 


connecticut court publications



connecticut practice book 2002 edition
	superior and appellate court procedures
	rules of professional conduct governing attorneys
	 


connecticut code of evidence






guide to court information in connecticut
	 


landlord's guide to summary process (eviction), rev. 7/01


tenant's guide to summary process (eviction), rev. 7/01


attorney grievance procedures in connecticut


child support and arrearage guidelines


connecticut courts, rev. 12/99


do it yourself divorce guide (4/98)


procedure for ordering a court transcript


rights and responsibilities of landlords and tenants  rev. 3/01


small claims process, rev. 5/01


your guide to jury duty, rev. 8/01


2001 violations and infractions schedule, rev. 10/01



 
united states courts


united states supreme court


united states supreme court decisions search
	 
u. s. district court connecticut
	 
u. s. court of appeals (2nd cir.) opinions
	 
u. s. circuit courts of appeals decisions all circuits
	 
u. s. bankruptcy court district of connecticut
	 
u. s. bankruptcy court district of connecticut opinions


federal laws & procedures




federal rules of civil procedure
federal rules of criminal procedure
federal rules of evidence
united states supreme court rules
u. s. district court - district of connecticut

	 
	
district of connecticut local rules civil procedure
		 
district of connecticut local rules criminal procedure
		 
district of connecticut rule changes
		 
u. s. district court - district of connecticut court forms
		 


u. s. bankruptcy court district of connecticut
	  
	
local rules of bankruptcy procedure
		 
connecticut bankruptcy court procedure
		 


bankruptcy court fees
		 
bankruptcy court forms
		 
bankruptcy court calendar
		 
bankruptcy court pamphlets & court addresses
		 


u. s. bankruptcy code
	 
u. s. code
	 





 
the following judicial court forms are available in two formats:



pdf forms can be printed out and filled in by hand or typewriter.  adobe acrobat reader is required to view them. you can download acrobat reader  here. 




fillable formscan be filled out and then printed.  before using please read the instructions for using fillable forms 



these forms are also available in electronic format from the judicial branch electronic bulletin board system.
civil short calendar procedures - standard fax transmittal forms

general | criminal | civil | administrative | family | attorney grievance | housing | juvenile | 
supreme/appellate court |probate | victim services
 


state of connecticut 
directory of connecticut state agencies websites
 




connecticut council on developmental disabilities
			connecticut development authority
			connecticut distance learning consortium
			connecticut housing finance authority
			connecticut lottery corporation
			connecticut national guard
			connecticut resources recovery authority
			connecticut siting council
			connecticut state university system
			consumer counsel, office of
			consumer protection, department of
			correction, department of
			criminal justice commission
			criminal justice, division of
			deaf and hearing impaired, state commission on the
			development authority, connecticut
			developmental disabilities, connecticut council on
			disabilities, office of protection and advocacy for persons with
			economic and community development, department of
			education, state department of
			elections enforcement commission, state
			environmental protection, department of
			environmental quality, council on
			ethics commission
			fire prevention and control, commission on
			firearms permit examiners, board of
			fiscal analysis, office of
			freedom of information commission
 




mental retardation, department of
				military department
				motor vehicles, department of
				pardons, board of
				parole, connecticut board of
				permanent commission on the status of women
				police officer standards and training council
				policy and management, office of
				properties review board
				psychiatric security review board
				public defender services, division of
				public health, department of
				public safety, department of
				public utility control, department of
				public works, department of
				revenue services, department of
				secretary of the state
				siting council, connecticut
				social services, department of
				soldiers’, sailors’ and marines’ fund
				special revenue, division of
				tax department, (revenue services)
				teachers' retirement board
				transportation, department of
				treasurer, office of the state
				university of connecticut
				university of connecticut health center
				veterans affairs, department of
				victim advocate, office of the
				women, permanent commission on the status of
				workers' compensation commission





 



 


ctlegalguide.com












