




"n" search of ecstasy





















"n" search of ecstasy







get the women for barack obama badge widget and many other great free widgets at widgetbox!


get the barack obama badge widget and many other great free widgets at widgetbox!


subscribe


enter your email


powered by feedblitz 




name:  superstar nic
location:  florida, united states
about me: my journey began in the “crescent city” of new orleans, la., but i currently reside in sunny florida. i am a 2 time graduate of florida a&m university (bachelors and masters) and i also have a phd in health science. so ibephd. 

i am married, with one beautiful baby boy. i'm friendly and down to earth. i’m not shy, but not overly outgoing either. i seem to get along with almost anybody. my laptop is my very best friend, ya no what i mean? well, best friend besides my hubby ;-)
    
more..



 my other websites


nic's myspace page
 
my health eblog 



 jus sayin sumthin'



 "i have a new philosophy. i'm only going to dread one day at a time."



                        - charles m. schulz





 best of my blog

share a secret
101 things about me
my 100th post



recent ramblins

obama elected nation's 44th president
barack obama
superstar nic for obama
police confirm that gun found was murder weapon in...
nancy grace speaks to the mother of william balfou...
you can vote however you like
obama & mccain dance off
feds disrupt skinhead plot to assassinate obama
actor and comedian bernie mac dies at 50
angelina jolie and brad pitt debut first photos of...



my blog roll

being bobby brown
black southern gal
charles x
chez niki
-d
ddsprncs
diamonds rubies-n...
dr. deborah
"e"
friar tuck
honey libra
jaime
jenelly bean
knockout zed
laalaa
lady lee- original 'og'
lady nay
m dubb 
missy 
motor city hot girl
mz new agenda
nikki's thoughts 
no1special
"p"
pamalicious 
princess dominique
rashan jamal
rellevance
robyn
serial dater
single mom
the stiltwalker 
stone
supa sista
takeitoutside bitch! 
trent jackson
the phoenix
trinabeingtrina
ttd
yazmar
youtoldharpotabeatme


entertainment blogs 
singersroom
crunk-n-disorderly
 concrete loop 
 cake-n-ice cream
nah right
who's linking to this site? 



extras
                                              template by:
    pannasmontata
 
    distributed by:
    
pannasmontata templates
 and : non solo template
 
 
  





past ramblins

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
june 2008
august 2008
october 2008
november 2008









obama elected nation's 44th president
tuesday, november 04, 2008
democrat barack obama wins the presidential election, cnn projects, setting him up to become the first african-american president. i never thought that i'd see the day. in my dreams i couldn't even imagine that i would see an african american president.this is a day that i will be someday be able to tell my children about. i could just laugh, cry, dance, shout. i'm in total awe...what a day. november 4, 2008. i'm sitting here waiting for president-elect obama for take the stage at grant park in chicago. wait...here he comes. gotta go!!i will never forget this moment...these photos below are those of christine farris king, who is the sister of slain civil rights leader martin luther king, jr. (c), wipes away tears as rev. al sharpton (l) and rev. raphael warnock celebrate after the announcement u.s. democratic presidential nominee obama (d-il) had been elected president while awaiting results at ebenezer baptist church in atlanta, georgia, november 4, 2008.labels: barack obama
 
 
    posted by superstar nic at 11:24 pm, |  4 comments







barack obama

labels: barack obama, presidential candidates
 
 
    posted by superstar nic at 7:44 pm, |  0 comments







superstar nic for obama

this is superstar nic"n" search of ecstasy and i'm out!"if you see someone without a smile today, give them one of yours!" labels: barack obama, voting
 
 
    posted by superstar nic at 8:34 am, |  0 comments







police confirm that gun found was murder weapon in hudson family murders; memorial and funeral dates set
saturday, november 01, 2008
murder weapon confirmed by chicago policepolice have confirmed through forensic testing that the gun they recovered wednesday in north lawndale is the weapon used to kill members of actress and singer jennifer hudson's family, a law enforcement source said today.the .45-caliber sig-sauer semiautomatic pistol was recovered in the bushes of a vacant lot a block away from the 1300 block of south kolin avenue where the suburban was found monday morning. police immediately had suspected the gun was a match because the unfired bullets in the gun matched the make and model of shell casings found at the murder scene, sources said.the investigation continues as police try to tie their evidence to a suspect. julia hudson's estranged husband, william balfour, remains in custody after being questioned in the case, but he has not been charged in the murders.private memorial for jennifer hudson's family set for monday a private memorial service will be held in chicago on monday for jennifer hudson's mother, brother and 7-year-old nephew, according to the chicago sun-times. the service is for invited guests only. click here for morepublic memorial service for hudson family this sundaya public memorial service has been set up this sunday in chicago for anyone who wishes to mourn the deaths of jennifer hudson's mother, brother and 7-year-old nephew.this is superstar nica lot closer 2 ecstasy and i'm out!"if you see someone without a smile today, give them one of yours!" labels: celebrity news, crime, jennifer hudson
 
 
    posted by superstar nic at 8:13 pm, |  0 comments







nancy grace speaks to the mother of william balfour, person of interest' in the jennifer hudson family murders
wednesday, october 29, 2008
omg!please listen to this and tell me what you think?video: mother of person of interest on nancyin this video, the mother of the cnn's nancy grace speaks to the mother of william balfour, 'person of interest' in the jennifer hudson family murders. william balfour, the estranged husband of julia hudson (jennifer's sister) and the nephew's stepfather, remains the primary suspect in the murders.michele davis balfour, william balfour’s mother states "i'm not going to let them put my son down ... my son had nothing to do with this … and i'm very upset with the police because they are refusing to let me see my son."balfour’s mother states "i'm not going to let them put my son down," balfour's mother, michele davis balfour, told reporters. "my son had nothing to do with this … and i'm very upset with the police because they are refusing to let me see my son."then, as of this morning, there's evidence suggesting there may have been another person involved in the murder of jennifer hudson's mother, brother, and nephew, as reported onstmz.com. investigators are going over william balfour's movements after the killings on chicago's south side and are trying to determine if someone else drove the prime suspect to the west side of town, where the body of 7-year-old julian king was found. witnesses have told cops they saw balfour drive a teal chrysler to the hudsons' block on friday morning (day of the murders), and that car was eventually found about a mile away from there. the suv in which julian was discovered ended up about 13 miles away from the hudson house, but not too far away from balfour’s house.now, mr. balfour was taken into custody at a girlfriend's home hours after the bodies were found on friday. on the nancy grace video, his mother states that he was with one of his two girlfriend’s when the murders were committed, however sources say the girlfriend contradicted his alibi. police say they’ve also caught him in at least one other lie. fortunately, the police were able to track his whereabouts friday through cell phone records, but this information has not been released. i’m wondering exactly where it is that they found out he was. hmmm…also in the news today is a report that balfour was busted this summer on a drug charge that could have put him behind bars, but the charge was dropped! his mother denies this in the video w/nancy grace. if its true that he was recently busted the charges dropped, it is possible that this all could have been prevented by keeping him in jail. all of this equals a very big problem.this is superstar nica lot closer 2 ecstasy and i'm out!"if you see someone without a smile today, give them one of yours!" labels: celebrity news, crime, jennifer hudson, nancy grace, william balfour
 
 
    posted by superstar nic at 2:00 pm, |  3 comments







you can vote however you like
tuesday, october 28, 2008
i thought that this was very cute and creative expression ;-)what do you think about this video? labels: barack obama, john mccain, youtube
 
 
    posted by superstar nic at 10:00 pm, |  1 comments







obama & mccain dance off

labels: barack obama, funny, john mccain, presidential candidates, youtube
 
 
    posted by superstar nic at 9:58 pm, |  0 comments







feds disrupt skinhead plot to assassinate obama
monday, october 27, 2008
why are the people in this world so damn crazy!?!?!? why?ap - two white supremacists allegedly plotted to go on a national killing spree, shooting and decapitating black people and ultimately targeting democratic presidential candidate barack obama, federal authorities said monday.click for the full story on yahoo! news labels: barack obama, presidential candidate
 
 
    posted by superstar nic at 8:56 pm, |  0 comments







actor and comedian bernie mac dies at 50
saturday, august 09, 2008
rest in peace bernie mac 1957-2008the world became a little less funny today as actor and comedian bernie mac passed away at age 50.he died saturday morning in a chicago-area hospital from complications due to pneumonia, according to his publicist, danica smith.in 2005, it was revealed that the comedian suffered from sarcoidosis. his rep previously said mac's sarcoidosis was not related to the pneumonia, which hospitalized the star last week.mac will always be remembered for the laughter he provided through his tv, movie and stand-up comedy career.he was one of the original "kings of comedy," alongside steve harvey, d.l. hughley and cedric the entertainer.i want to extend my thoughts and prayers to his family and closest friends. he will soarly be missed, but i do believe that heaven just got alot funnier.rest in peace! we will miss youthis is superstar nica lot closer 2 ecstasy and i'm out!"if you see someone without a smile today, give them one of yours!" labels: bernie mac, celebrity news
 
 
    posted by superstar nic at 7:09 pm, |  3 comments







angelina jolie and brad pitt debut first photos of their twins
monday, august 04, 2008
introducing knox leon and vivienne marcheline! i have to admit i'm not very fond on knox leon, but who am i to judge ;-)the first photos of angelina jolie and brad pitt's twins debuted on the web sites for british magazine hello! and people on sunday. the exclusive rights to the photos were sold for a whopping $14 million! can you believe that? wowsee a photo of vivienne and knox here!labels: angelina jolie and brad pitt, celebrity gossip, celebrity news
 
 
    posted by superstar nic at 12:35 am, |  1 comments










template by pannasmontata | header image by stockxpert













