


 





home - schaerer usa - fully automated coffee machines





































 










    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    





 





toggle nav





search





search








search







        compare products        




language



english



schaerer global


                                english                            

                                german                            

schaerer usa


                                english                            






        schaerer coffee link
    

        career page
    
 



                        menu                    






products  productsportfolio   portfolio coffee machines   coffee machines schaerer coffee art plus   schaerer coffee club   schaerer coffee art c   schaerer coffee soul c  applications  coffee link  fairs & events  schaerer  schaererhistory   history 360 coffee blog   360 coffee blog sales & support   





            schaerer coffee link
        

            career page
        


language



english



schaerer global


                                english                            

                                german                            

schaerer usa


                                english                            




























 









schaerer soul credefining innovationexplore more

we love it your way

coffee competencefür die benutzerfreundliche, geführte auswahl des individuell zusammengestellten getränks.flexibilityfür den regelmässigen nutzer z.b. im büro, der sein lieblingsgetränk kennt oder nach belieben modifizieren möchte.swissfür die effiziente zubereitung in wenigen schritten dank voreingestellter getränke.

schaerer coffee clubcompact, flexible and powerful.the coffee club is schaerer’s smallest machine, but great at brewing first-class coffee. it offers a variety of beverages of the highest quality and incorporates clever technology in a small space.learn moreschaerer soul cthe best self-serve coffee machine for your business
the soul c is the next level in bean to cup, specifically designed to help you provide an unparalleled coffee experience for your customers.learn more

discover the schaerer worlda suitable machine for every application.


schaerer coffee club


your entry-level machine into the world of professional coffee enjoyment. full performance with compact size make the schaerer coffee club ideal for any environment.explore



schaerer coffee art plus


the schaerer coffee art plus is the ultimate blend between performance and design. packed with features such as finesteam; it allows any users to create the perfect espresso based beverages.explore



schaerer coffee art c


the schaerer coffee art c offers freshly ground and brewed coffee on demand, both hot and cold.explore



schaerer coffee soul c


the schaerer coffee soul c, our newest commercial unparalleled coffee experience for your customers. all while saving counter space and cutting down labor cost and time.explore


coffee art plusespresso - performance meets design
the coffee art plus is the ultimate blend between performance and design. a new feature called finesteam allows even a novice to create perfectly finished espresso beverages. the coffee art plus’ aesthetic design is ideal for high visibility venues, medium to high volume restaurants and specialty coffee shops. the machine’s 17“ footprint saves valuable counter space.learn moreschaerer coffee art cleading the bean-to-cup coffee revolution
the schaerer coffee art c offers freshly ground and brewed coffee on demand, both hot and cold. the machine’s brewing technology is fundamentally different than other so-called bean-to-cup machines because it does not utilize fractional packaging or other substitutes but instead features integrated grinders and is preprogrammed to brew consistently to your flavor profile in one step every time.learn more





real parts and consumableswe are teaming up with parts town – get real parts and consumables fasterlearn more


we work with the community.















contact us
seb professional north america.


2600 michelson drive, ste 1000
irvine, ca 92612, usa
 

tel. (888) 989-3004




our world





history
partners suppliers
coffee link







about us





career

360 coffee blog






news & events




fairs & events







    © 
    schaerer ltd.
privacy statement
gtc
legal notice
corporate compliance



 

