


explore windermere, england's largest lake by boat



































skip to main content
call us: 015394 43360contactnews/presswebcamchinesejapaneseindian
green service status
£0.00
call us
menuhome
cruises & faresclosefind your cruise
i want to leave from:
bownessamblesidelakeside

i want to include attractions:
no attractionshill toplakeland motor museumlakes aquariumlakeside - haverthwaite railwaywindermere jetty museum

find your cruise
also see:all ticket typesfind a timetableour route mapfind our piers
explore the areaclose


days out in the lake districtenjoy a full day of adventure on windermere! travel by boat to top lake-shore attractions, perfect for the whole family.
days out in the lake district


events and what's on in the lake districtwindermere is a must-visit destination any time of year. explore exciting events on and off the water, and make the most of your lake district adventure.
eventsalso see:plan your day - suggested itinerariesread our full guide to each pier & villagefind somewhere to stay
groups & schoolsclose


group packages great days out for groups on lake windermere. packages available for 20 passengers or more.
group packages


school packagesfind out more about our all-in-on packages, many have been designed with educational groups in mind.
school packagesalso see:all groups & schools packagesteacher information and risk assessmentspractical information for tour / group leaders / coach drivers
self-drive boat hireclose


electric motorboatshire an electric motorboat for 1 or 2 hours from bowness beach, bowness dock, or waterhead and explore windermere at your own pace.
electric motorboats


rowing boatshire an traditional wooden rowing boat for 1 or 2 hours from bowness & explore windermere under your own steam.
rowing boatsalso see:how to find usdownload fact-sheet/pricelistexplore our motor boats (images & 360°)
private hireclose


weddings and celebrations make your big day—or any celebration—extra special with a cruise on england's largest lake.
weddings and celebrations


private charterhire a boat for your next business event and treat your guests to breathtaking lake district views.
private charteralso see:about private hireentertainment & decorationcateringcompare our vesselspier departure points & hotel partnerships
cruise informationclose


find our piers how to get to our piers by road, rail and bus.
find our piers


windermere lake cruises is a dog friendly attraction dogs are welcome on all of services and travel for free.
bringing your dogalso see:find ussingle ticket priceslocal residents' cardbringing your bikeuseful links
about usclose


vessels facts, plans, images and tours of our ‘steamers’, modern launches and traditional wooden launches.
vessels


working for usjoin our friendly team on england’s largest lake. find out what positions we have onboard and on shore.
working for usalso see:reviews & testimonialsgallerycompany historyselling cruise tickets at your businesssign up to our e-newsletterscontactnews/presswebcamchinesejapaneseindian





welcome to windermere🚢 explore lake windermere by boat – scenic cruises every day and open all year.
see our cruises





self-drive motor boat hirediscover windermere at your own pace in an easy-to-drive electric boat.
pre-book your boat





freedom of the lake® ticketsee all of lake windermere on one easy ticket - valid for 24 hours.
find out more





great for groupspackages and fares for 20 passengers or more.
find out more





wedding chartershire a private boat for your wedding or special event.
more info





private hiretake a private cruise on windermere for your next meeting or event. perfect for any occasion.
find out moreexplore windermere, england's largest lake by boatspectacular lake district views from on board our regular cruises from ambleside, brockhole, bowness & lakeside.welcome to windermere lake cruises - the most popular attraction in cumbria. windermere is england’s largest lake, in the heart of the lake district. we offer cruises from 45 minutes to 3 hours - or you can even spend all day on and around the lake with our fantastic freedom of the lake ticket.no matter where you start your journey, be it bowness, ambleside or lakeside the spectacular voyage gives the traveller magnificent views of mountain scenery, secluded bays and the many wooded islands.add to this the opportunity to break your journey with some fantastic local attractions and you have the makings of a perfect day out.
find your perfect cruise
choose a cruise
departure:
i don't mindamblesidebownesslakeside

cruises:
please choose...red cruiseyellow cruiseislands (blue) cruisefreedom of the lake ®walkers ticketgreen cruiseyellow cruise & motor museumfreedom of the lake & motor museumyellow cruise & lakes aquariumfreedom of the lake & lakes aquariumyellow cruise & steam trainfreedom of the lake & steam trainfreedom of the lake & windermere jetty (museum)yellow cruise, motor museum & aquariumfreedom of the lake, motor museum & aquariumyellow cruise, aquarium & steam trainfreedom of the lake, steam train & aquariumyellow cruise, motor museum & steam trainfreedom of the lake, steam train & motor museum
you can view timetables and book your tickets online.


windermere web-camview windermere live from ambleside, bowness or lakeside with our web-cams.watch lake windermere live


gift vouchersgive the gift of a scenic lake cruise to someone special. our gift cards make great presents.find out more


wedding hiremake your day extra special with a private charter around windermerefind out more


timetables & leafletsdownload our timetables & leaflets giving information on all of our cruises.view the library
windermere lake cruises - the most popular attraction in cumbriacontactcruises & farestimetablewebcamnews / pressabout usrecruitmentaccessibilityprivacy policyterms & conditionscookiestwitteryoutubefacebookinstagramtripadvisortiktok
© copyright 2011-2025 windermere lake cruises. all rights reserved.
website designed and developed by a digital

    