



a guide to the western front ww1 battlefields of 1914-1918.






















the greatwar 1914-1918




a guide to the western front ww1 battlefields and history of the first world war
the focus of this site is to offer an overview of the first world war battlefields on the western 
			 front in belgium and france, showing you where they are and what you can see today. established in 1998, 
			 the website is dedicated to the memory of more than 25 family members who served in the military 
			 during the great war of 1914-1918.
western front battlefields

map of the 1914-1918 western front battlefields to show where they are located in belgium and france. information for battlefield sectors includes  the  battles which happened there,   listings and photographs of cemeteries, memorials,  battle remains and museums to be visited,  events taking place and information for visitors.
ww1 battlefields of the western front
battlefield visits

information  for visitors to the western front battlefields includes links to 
			battlefield tour companies, suggestions for self-drive itineraries, and companies organising 
			walking, cycling and motorcycle tours. helpful links for travel information to belgium and 
			france are offered, plus a variety of suggestions for hotels, self-catering, bed & breakfast accommodation, hostels
			and campsites.
tours & travel to the 1914-1918 battlefields
tracing ww1 family history

are you looking for a member of your family who served in the first world 
		   war? see our advice on how to get started. find out about the sort of information now available in archives or online.
tracing first world war family history
researching military history

a wide range of material is available to explore and study the first world war from 
		  online and public archive collections,  published histories and trench maps, lectures and academic study courses.
researching military history 
remembrance

the first world war and those who were affected by it are remembered by events, exhibitions, memorials,  projects, 
		   heritage organisations and war grave agencies. event listings for western front battlefield sectors and in countries 
		   worldwide are featured on this site. many special events were organised during the centenary commemorations from 
		   2014 to 2018.
remembrance





copyright
no text, images or soundfiles on this website may be extracted or reproduced without permission. permission for the use of images which are not the copyright of the authors of this site has been 
		 sought or credited as appropriate.
if you have any comments about the site or would like to ask permission to use an image or soundfile please e-mail
          us at webmaster@greatwar.co.uk





home
western front battlefields
where they are & what to see.

battlefield visits
tours, travel & where to stay.

what's on
events & exhibitions commemorating 1914-1918.

memorials & monuments
commemorating people, military units & events.

medals
british campaign & gallantry medals.

museums & archives
1914-1918 exhibits, documents & records.

tracing family history
trace a first world war ancestor.

researching military history
orders of battle, trench maps, war diaries &  more.

education resources
resources, projects & books for young readers.

experience of the great war
art, film, poetry, photography & personal accounts.

remembrance
events, projects & people.

articles
battles, remains, war graves, remembrance poppy & more.

organizations
preserving 1914-1918 heritage & memory.

about us







privacy & cookies statement


copyright © greatwar.co.uk 1998-2024 all rights reserved.
internetvista® monitoring
disclaimer notice

 


