 


nyc police uniform equipment supply in queens county, ny | mesk police equipment





 





































home




about us




shop perfect fit




shop smith & warren




shop point blank armor



pb concealable products




pb tactical




shop p.a.c.a body armor







shop



accessories




belts




pf gloves




flash lights




pf flashlight holders




ties







contact us




questions/comments




mailing list














over 50 years in the same location!






    
 
welcome to the mesk uniforms website!
 
now celebrating the second generation of mesk
 
congratulations! you are now connected to the nation's finest establishment for police and security industry accessories. when you deal with mesk, you deal with the best. 
 
since 1971, mesk police equipment of jamaica, new york has proudly served the brave men and women of the law enforcement and security industries with the same uncompromising dedication to service that defines our clients.  offering the largest selection of police equipment, uniforms, and accessories, mesk is proud to extend their services to law enforcement and security officers across the united states. with meskuniforms.com, you now have your one-stop source for all of your vital needs and accessories, like:
 

uniforms
badges
patches
shirts
shoes
socks
hats
fingerprint kits
metal detectors
holsters
and much, much, more!

 
for over 44 years, mesk police equipment has worked closely with officers and producers alike to select only finest and most reliable police equipment available, and goes to painstaking lengths to ensure that we stock only the most dependable products.  from uniform, patches, and apparel, to investigative supplies and holsters, mesk has everything an officer may need to perform their duties.  mesk police equipment is also proud to be one of the leading sales representatives of point blank,    p. a. c. a., and protective apparel, featuring a full-line of bullet resistant vests, and will work closely with you to ensure a perfect fit.
 
continue exploring the site to learn more about our featured items and specials, uniform services, or with any questions or concerns you may have regarding any of our products.  we are proud to serve the brave men and women of law enforcement, and will give you the full respect and attention your sacrifice deserves. as the trusted source for law enforcement supplies of the brave men and women of the new york city department since 1971, mesk police equipment of jamaica, new york understands the pressures and demands you and your equipment face every day, and that society as a whole depends on the reliability and accuracy of your gear.




copyright meskuniforms inc. all rights reserved.
91-24 168th street jamaica, ny 11432
tel: 718-658-3660


















