


home - westhampton yacht squadron, ltd.


























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top











member loginmenuhome about usracing racing overview racing events schedule wys official notice board racing event volunteers wys defrost series wys practice races wys summer series races wys graham bowl instructors championship wys labor day races wys queen of the bay race wys fall seriesadult sailing adult flying scot lessons adult sunfish lessons sunfish race clinic informal sunfish racing wys practice races private sailing lessonslesson descriptions jr. sailing lessons jr. tennis lessons jr. swimming lessons jr. swim team adult tennis lessons adult sunfish lessons adult flying scot lessons sunfish race clinic lesson registrationwaivers under 18 participant waiver adult sailing waiver boat use policy adult tennis waiverbecome a member membership overview membership application wys wind speed contact us












welcome to 
westhampton yacht squadron
 
the story of the westhampton yacht squadron, since it’s founding in 1890, is of people dedicated to sailing and of families passing their enthusiasm as well as their boats from generation to generation.

it is the story of youngsters who learn the sport of sailing, swimming and tennis. many go on to win honors in local and national competition. it is a wonderful and unique spirit, one of camaraderie and giving.

we also offer a welcome and safe haven to yachtsmen and yachtswomen who visit our bay. we are located on the beautiful moriches bay in remsenburg, ny. our members and guests enjoy the scenic view of the bay from our well stocked bar and dining facilities. it is rich in history which we proudly pass on to the new generation of sailors.


new members
click on the member application tab for more information and to access the wys new membership application.  

commodore's corner 
please click on the commodore's corner page located on the main menu
 
flag officers:


commodore: david hale                         
vice commodore:  james schultz              
rear commodore:  peggy jayne         
treasurer:  julie pomroy                              
secretary: jennifer truscott

board of directors:
michael disario
timothy feil
matson hard
jim hulme
dave kisla
anna morchel
sundy schermeyer
russel skeris
kristen smyth 
aram terchunian
                    
board participants:                                                                                                                                         
nancy schultz
john sheehan
ed surgan



 




club office hours

winter office hours: 
office is closed on mondays
tuesday through friday: 10am to 3:00pm
all other times can be 
made by appointment by calling
631-325-8321 
or email at email@yachtsquadron.com

ship's store hours
tuesday through friday: 10:30am to 2:30pm
all other times can be 
made by appointment by calling
631-325-8321 
or email at email@yachtsquadron.com

club staff
manager:  dot capuano
head chef:  bill miller
administrative assistant: ana salguero
 








friday night dinner menus:

please click on the friday night dinner menu tab for a list of the current months weekly dinner menus
please reserve your dinner before noon on the 
tuesday before the friday night dinner
adults: $35   children 12 and under $20
(unless otherwise noted on the menu)
bar opens at 6pm and dinner buffet is at 6:30pm

take out dinner pick up time is between 5pm and 6pm

please make your reservation by clicking on the reservation link on the email sent for friday night dinners.  if you have any questions, please reach out to the office at:
631-325-8321 or email at reserve@yachtsquadron.com


upcoming events

please check the club calendar on the menu tab
for upcoming events.
also check your email for details
of all scheduled events!





 



scholarship fund
please see our scholarship fund application for more information under the scholarship application tab.

















home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









