





tours to albania, albanian tour operator dmc & mice



















toggle navigation





albanina holidays, unusual but rewarding












english
shqip
italiano
deutsch
français
español






















































tours
mice
hotels
cars
shorex








albania holidays a leading destination management company invites you to be part of a unique experience, discovering an unknown but fascinating country. 
    ... more  
    albania has much to offer: a sunny mediterranean climate, delicious food, kind and welcoming people, a laid back attitude, a rich history, an old culture, unique traditions, beautiful landscapes with mountains, rivers and a magnificent coastline. visitors to the country describe albanians as warm and inquisitive, happy to see foreigners.
        

albania holidays can assist you to discover the country in the most authentic way by offering tailor 
    ... more  
  made solutions for groups & fit-s, with a focus on the local elements: history, culture, traditions and way of life. we provide professional arrangements for: tours, events, venue selection, team building activities, shore excursions for cruises and more.
        




about albania

general info
albanian cities
getting to albania
visa requirements





read our reviews
write your review about our services!
write your review











highlights ofalbania
this tour is a must for any visitor who would like to discover albania within an acceptable time frame









the unknownbalkans
this tour combines some of the lesser known countries in the balkans; albania, macedonia, kosovo and montenegro









tirana citybreak
albania holidays offers you the chance to spend a weekend in the dynamic albanian capital,tirana









albanian folkloretour
a tour to albania, devised to explore a barely known destination and to experience its history, traditions and people.







 featured products 




highlights of albania







balkans a fusion of flavors







tirana city break







albanian folklore tour










recent news from albania holidays blog






oops! make sure javascript is enabled in your browser.














map of albania



albania videos






weather






albania photos












+35542235688




business hours

monday to friday: 08:00 -18:00 (cet)
                saturday 08.00-16.00 (cet)
            
faq
how to make a reservation
contact






review order summary






customer service 






+35542235688








business hours

monday to friday: 08:00 -18:00 (cet)
                                    saturday 08.00-16.00 (cet)
                                
faq
how to make a reservation



























partner sites

www.mice.al
www.balkan-hotel.com
www.albania-hotel.com
www.tirana-hotel.com 



links

about us
contact
terms and conditions
privacy policy
partners
for hoteliers



associations
albania holidays dmc is a member of:

1 dmc world
albanian tour operator association
internationaler bustouristik verband  


                    to see albania holidays certificates, licenses and membership please click here




copyright © 2025 albania holidays ltd. all rights reserved.powered by manderina promotions















