 




 
seibertron.com: transformers toys, comics, movies, games, news, galleries and more!




















































shop.seibertron.com
amazon.seibertron.com
facebook
twitter
x
youtube
pinterest
instagram
myspace
linkedin
podcast
rss


contact us
sign in
join












 

seibertron.com - the ultimate transformers fansite





shop

shop the seibertron store
visit our store in illinois
ebay transformers listings
transformers toys on amazon.com


news

view all news
transformers toy news
transformers: rise of the beast movie news
transformers comic book news
transformers cartoon news
twincast / podcasts
submit news
rss feeds


toys

transformers toys section
view transformers toy news
transformers toy galleries »

view all galleries (a - z)
newest toy galleries
most popular toy galleries


toy sightings »

toy sightings section
recent sightings by location
toy sightings forum
items you're watching
stores locations by retail chains
store locator


generations
movie universe
transformers prime
toys forum
collections forum
buy, sell or trade forum
amazon transformers toys
ebay transformers listings
visit the seibertron store


cartoons & comics

cartoon & comics section
cartoon & comics forum
cartoon news
transformers cartoon series
cartoon series summaries
comic book news
comic book series
transformers: mosaic
ultimate caption contest


films

live action films section
transformers: rise of the beasts movie news
the last knight super fan event
movie toy galleries
movie related galleries
live action movies forum


media

media section
seibertron.com videos

seibertron.com twincast/podcast
twincast/podcast rss feed
subscribe to twincast/podcast with itunes
commercials
transformers video forum
multimedia news
seibertron.com youtube channel
video game forum
dvd set galleries
region free dvds? here's how!


events

event gallery section
event news
event galleries
hasbro pulsecon 2020 new! 
toy fair nyc events »

toy fair 2020
toy fair 2018
toy fair 2018
toy fair 2017
toy fair 2016
toy fair 2015
toy fair 2014


wonderfest 2020
new york comic-con »

nycc 2019
nycc 2018
nycc 2017
nycc 2016
nycc 2015
nycc 2014


san diego comic-con »

sdcc 2019
sdcc 2018
sdcc 2017
sdcc 2016
sdcc 2015
sdcc 2014
sdcc 2013


hascon 2017
transformers the last knight global premiere events »

chicago premiere (photos by seibertron.com)
chicago premiere (photos by paramount)
london premiere (photos by paramount)
china premiere (photos by paramount)


tfnation 2016
botcon conventions »

botcon 2016
botcon 2015
botcon 2014
botcon 2013


transformers exhibit at children's museum in indianapolis
transformers the ride - 3d »

universal orlando resort
universal studios hollywood




game

heavy metal war game
your registry
cr chamber
missions
arena
high scores
heavy metal war forums


database

transformers series
comic book section
cartoon section
people section


forums
social
top lists
translate






					this page contains affiliate links. we may earn commissions when readers interact with or purchase items through these links. for more information, see our affiliate disclosures here.
				





twincast / podcast episode #369 "gattai-funding"
gattai-funding  - it’s time once again for the seibertron twincast podcast to take an in depth look at the latest transformers haslab. the reveal of a haslab liokaiser combiner as well as the first deathcobra toy starts the discussion with the group providing their opinion on the potential upcoming figure as well as its crowdfunding goals and tiers. toy discussion continues with looks at upcoming age of the primes heatwave and skybyte releases. hearts of steel exclusives that were also revealed by the brand team are talked about next, followed by earthspark deluxe class figures of soundwave and hashtag, as well as the gimmick toy swapticon line. bragging rights closes the show with each cast member sharing their most recent transformers related product acquisitions.                

 




twincast / podcast episode #368 "paint by numbers"
paint by numbers  - a catch-up on transformers toy news items is in order for episode 368 of the seibertron.com twincast / podcast, beginning with the generations selects titan class redeco of trypticon. in-hand images from one of the designers of the smaller upcoming titan star convoy prompt more discussion on that before several smaller releases are talked about, including an amazon 2-pack and several studio series items such as age of extinction optimus prime and que from dark of the moon. takara tomy's revealed items from a recent t-spark themed event are next, with amt predaking, missing link arcee and mpg nucleon quest convoy analyzed. kotobukiya's upcoming optimus prime girl model kit is next up in the chat, with mpg rattrap leading in to bragging rights, which conclude the episode.                

 




twincast / podcast episode #367 "2024 year in review"
2024 year in review  - episode 367 of the seibertron.com twincast podcast is the first show of 2025, but it provides a lookback at the best and worst of 2024 in our annual superlatives episode. the show begins with the best transformers toy of the year, objectively - independent of any sentimental value or emotional connection, what toy takes the top spot? this is followed by the subjective best toy of the year from the main collector lines (i.e. legacy, studio series, masterpiece) as well as choices for favorite toy outside the mainstream. the show pivots slightly to favorite media of the year, and the cast is torn between transformers one and the studio trigger 40th anniversary pv. we take a turn for the worst - worst toy of the year, that is, followed by the worst of anything else that isn't a toy. the cast ends this 2024 look-back with a look inward at their greatest collecting achievement of the year. as we do every year, the twincast makes two predictions: each cast member makes an obvious prediction, alongside a prediction that is much more of a reach. we end the episode with our regular bragging rights segment, where each cast member reviews what they've acquired since the last episode.                

 




twincast / podcast episode #366 "swap meet"
swap meet  - the final 2024 episode of the seibertron.com twincast / podcast starts out with a speculative discussion about the leaked upcoming swapticons which, in the presence of sparse actual information, evolves into a deeper look at the appeal of the transformers brand for younger audiences and its place in the current media landscape. after that, a listener question about pretenders sparks a look back at that gimmick of the past, with forward thoughts about how it could possibly be revived for today's market. the final installment of "40 for 40" has the crew looking back to the recent history of 2023 before the regular recurring "bragging rights" segment closes the show with the cast sharing their most recent transformers toy and product acquisitions.                

 




twincast / podcast episode #365 "13 and me"
13 and me  - the seibertron.com twincast / podcast returns to discuss the recent cybertron con reveals for the upcoming generations age of the primes series.  discussion starts with star convoy reimagining the titan class before hammering away at the other reveals such as solus prime, wasp and g2 grimlock, among others. a new set of aerialbots and their main torso bot silverbolt receive some additional consideration before the toy talk moves on to the sonic and tails collaborative figures. the recurring "40 for 40" segment reminds the cast of the best toys of 2022. finally, "bragging rights" closes out the show in the usual fashion.                

 






transformers toy galleries
view all · newest · most popular







dreadwind convention & club exclusives 











steeljaw transformers: robots in disguise 











bug welcome to transformers 2010 











grimlock age of extinction: generations 











jazz transformers collection 











exhaust transformers masterpiece 











sword slash starscream transformers revenge of the fallen 











powerglide universe - classics 2.0 







new images of studio series 86 constructicons show size comparisons with aotp aerialbots posted 5 hours ago by william-james88 - 1,607 views
new! scale is a big topic of discussion among transformers fans and while no scale will please everyone, we at least want to know what to expect. so hopefully these images will help some fans. below we can see our first two consttucticons against our first two aerialbots. while one of the constructicons being a voyager might make you think they are all big deluxes, please remember that the aerialbots are as tall as the stuncticons. so everyone in the image is standard deluxe height. the images are  - read more
latest preorders on pulse include hearts of steel pack, silver rathalos prime and nucleon quest convoy posted 5 hours ago by william-james88 - 1,475 views
new! this is more of a friendly update for those who were unaware. hasbro pulse has put up preorders for several of the latest reveals. the hotter one would be the pulse exclusive hearts of steel 2 pack featuring optimus prime and starscream. it is $59.99 for 2 deluxe sized toys. they also have the monster hunter crossover figure silver rathalos prime for $54.99. this is also a deluxe sized figure as it is a very heavy retool of kingdome airazor. the third preorder we wanted to bring to your  - read more
haslab transformers liokaiser is already halfway to funding goal after 1 week posted 5 hours ago by william-james88 - 1,377 views
new! good news to those hoping that haslab transformers liokaiser gets to happen, because at this rate it is sure to be funded. without the addition of international numbers, the haslab has reached 5000 orders after just a week of being live. he might be funded already, if the international numbers match the domestic numbers. speaking of which, liokaiser became available in singapore, mexico, australia, china and korea within this past week. of course, it is unknown if all tiers will be reached, but  - read more
amiami reveals extensive lineup of exclusive mochibottsu transformers plush posted 2 days ago by emerje - 9,908 views
fan favorite japanese figure retailer amiami has started taking pre-orders on their exclusive line of mochibottsu transformers plush series. and this isn't just a simple lineup of the usuals. did you ever think you'd get a plush smokescreen? or how about a plush shattered glass megatron? this line is a lucky 13 strong and made up of the following bots:

convoy (optimus prime
bumble (bumblebee)
cliff  - read more
first look at onyx prime and alchemist prime toys box art from transformers age of the primes posted 2 days ago by william-james88 - 15,607 views
this was unexpected, while megacon gave us a great first look at the upcoming age of the primes (aotp) heatwave and skybyte (preorder links below), we now have a look at alchemist prime and onyx prime's box art. onyx prime is done in fiery orange with a winged robot mode that does indeed have four legs. alchemist is not as clear to see but he does have a mustache. there is also the box art for upcoming studio series figures like tf one deluxe starscream and elita 1 along with wfc voyager  - read more
hasbro is rereleasing siege skywarp and you can preorder it now posted 5 days ago by william-james88 - 27,480 views
we thank o.supreme for letting us know that there are some great preorders available now. just to give you an idea of how momentous this is, this is a toy that was selling for $350 usd plus shipping on e-bay just last week, as we can see in the thumbnail.

o.supreme wrote:remember those siege amazon exclusive 2 packs? i know some fans paid hundreds for the skywarp set in the aftermarket... but they're back for a limited time, get em' while you can.


siege skywarp pack:  - read more
score big with the seibertron store’s big game coupon! posted 6 days ago by seibertron - 38,449 views
it’s game time, collectors! huddle up and take advantage of our big game coupon—get an extra 10% off when you buy 5 or more items from the seibertron store on ebay! whether you’re drafting the ultimate team of transformers figures or stacking up comic books for the perfect reading drive, this deal is a touchdown for fans of all kinds. don’t fumble—this offer won’t last forever! shop now and make your collection a champion!

extra 10% off 5+ items with code biggame2025

shop the  - read more
twincast / podcast episode #369 "gattai-funding" posted 7 days ago by scottyp - 32,137 views
the dust has settled. the dozens of wrong predictions are in the past. the speculation can end. finally, a new episode of the seibertron.com twincast / podcast has arrived! oh, and there's this haslab liokaiser thing happening too. not sure if you heard about it, but if you haven't, scotty p, aaarnhide19 and kuhlio are going to spend a bunch of time discussing it on this episode. all that other stuff from megacon 2025 comes up too, it's a pretty good time.

episode #369 “gattai-funding”  - read more
2025 megacon hasbro panel videos and breakdowns posted 7 days ago by sabrblade - 43,820 views
video of the hasbro pulse panel at megacon:



sounds like the video missed the liokaiser reveal part of the panel as the beginning of the video sees them talking about liokaiser like they've already shown it off. they also keep mispronouncing his name as "leokaiser" instead of "liokaiser".

sky-byte is very articulated in shark mode, they wanted to replicate his cartoony "muppet" qualities from the cartoon.

heatwave is a "partial" of legacy bulkhead. the fact that the mold looks like  - read more
transformers hearts of steel optimus, starscream, bb and megatron revealed + heatwave and skybyte posted 8 days ago by william-james88 - 52,723 views
megacon had some beautiful reveals today for transformers fans. not only did we get the haslab announcement but that liokaiser is available to back now. the order only goes through after the backing period is over so placing an order now is no different than placing an order in two weeks.
but back to the reveals, we got a look at the 4 hearts of steel toys. they come in two packs of optimus/starscream and bumblebee/megatron. we also got a good look at age of the primes skybyte (new mold) and  - read more
transformers victory liokaiser haslab live with 3 unlockable tiers posted 9 days ago by glyph - 47,529 views
via ign @ msn, confirmation that liokaiser will be the next haslab figure!

from the renders, it looks like the set will include not just the core 6 members of the team with their respective breastforce chest-force animal partners, but also the first official toy of deathcobra. the product images show deathcobra forming a shoulder-mounted weapon for liokaiser, and the haslab page confirms that he will also be able to take hellbat's place as the left arm.

the haslab page is now live with a  - read more
pictorial review for transformers swapticons wild jungle mission 5-pack posted 10 days ago by william-james88 - 55,456 views
pixelmaster posted a pictorial review about the new swapticon 5 pack what includes optimus primal, apelinq, gator megatron, skullcruncher and scorponok.
we also have additional pictures from cybeast.

only set of swapticons that came out in retail here. it goes for 199 hkd here (25.54 usd in the exchange as we speak), but for some magical reason there was a discount so i only paid 139 hkd (17.84 usd). as the gimmick suggests, this is just a kiddy version of the deleted baboon-cat hybrid  - read more
pictorial review for transformers studio series wheeljack que posted 10 days ago by evasionmodebumblebee - 58,748 views
tfw user lazerwave has gotten ahold of the highly anticipated studio series que from dark of the moon! he got a bunch of pictures showing off the figure in both modes, his accessories, and comparisons with the takara exclusive original dotm deluxe and with the other studio series autobots! i got permission from him to share those pictures here as well.

he also gave a few notes on the figure itself, which i’ve summarized here:

-  he gave que an 8/10 overall and recommended it for anyone  - read more
first look at 2 new deluxe earthspark toys: soundwave and hashtag posted 15 days ago by william-james88 - 72,790 views
looks like earthspark is going out with a bang as hasbro will be releasing 2 new molds for their deluxe line up: soundwave and hashtag. unlike what may be reported elsewhere, hashtag is not a rerelease of the takara retool, it simply looks the same at first due to the fact that the toys represent the same character in her season 2 alt mode. soundwave is a nice blend of the g1 character and his cybertron self. his calves are turned so that they can fit in the box, his legs will look sleeker when  - read more
video review for transformers mixmashers optimus primal, starscream, bumblebee posted 15 days ago by william-james88 - 69,297 views
hero mashers are back, in mixmashers form! chuckdawg1999 has a review of the first standard class mix which includes optimus primal, bumblebee and starscream. not a glowing review though, you can check it out below.

chuckdawg1999 wrote:while i like the concept of mixmashers, the limited articulation due to the sculpt makes it hard to enjoy the  - read more
video review for transformers studio series b-127 from transformers one posted 15 days ago by william-james88 - 58,281 views
carnage creations sent us a review of the upcoming transformers one studio series bumblebee deluxe toy. there has been a lot of discussion as to which toy one would keep in their collection between this new one and the prime changer we got in the movie line last year. while the studio series version has better articulation, many fans find the look of the prime changer to be more accurate. let us know what you  - read more
tf hot wheels news: ultra magnus found at us retail + comparison between optimus prime castings posted 16 days ago by william-james88 - 56,245 views
for those anticipating the new hot wheels track fleet ultra magnus, it has been found at target in the us. it was found by lody666 in texas. speaking of trackfleet, we now have images comparing the new 2025 optimus prime hot wheels toy to the 2024 trackfleet optimus prime. as it turns out, the trackfleet version's cab is much smaller. 

the 2025 mainline optimus prime also has more details, like vents at the top of the cab. you can check out comparison images below, courtesy of gt2 who got a  - read more
hasbro enters the video game market with a new ip, not based on their existing brands posted 16 days ago by william-james88 - 47,479 views
our earlier editorial created quite a stir in the transformers community because even though it was just sharing previously known facts, transformers fans were not in the know of hasbro's shift in focus. as chris cocks says, hasbro is now a game and toy company, not a toy and game company. and while it was assumed this was about things to come, it turns out hasbro already revealed their first game to be released. and interestingly, it not about transformers or other brands of theirs, it is a  - read more
we have a preview for the comic about a transformer that turns into a ballpoint pen posted 18 days ago by william-james88 - 49,315 views
skybounds latest next comic will be about a transformer that turns into a pen, called ballpoint. the comic itself is called  transformers worst bot ever: meet ballpoint and it's written by brian “smitty” smith (pea, bee, and jay) and artist marz jr. (the void rivals cover artist). this will be released as a 96 page graphic novel on july 9 of this year. it's written for kids ages 8-12:

he’s the littlest decepticon with the biggest dreams to take down the autobots – meet ballpoint in  - read more
hasbro rereleases hard to find figures: ss ultra magnus and legacy beachcomber + preorders up posted 18 days ago by william-james88 - 59,856 views
the days of waiting to find toys at retail are behind us. when it came to studio series ultra magnus and legacy beachcomber, for the most part you either preordered them or never got them, which frustrated many fans. hasbro has heard many fans asking for a rerelease and are answering the call. you can now preorder studio series commander ultra magnus and legacy beachcomber at a variety of online retailers, we have links to bbts and ages 3 and up below. these will be released in september.  - read more
view the rest of our exciting transformers news here!transformers toy sightingsview all items · store locator · sightings forumthese items were recently sighted at retail stores: 





94 / 117 hatchet 2 sightings 











115 double punch 3 sightings 











102 optimus prime (rise of the beasts) 2 sightings 











118 apelinq 5 sightings 











103 rhinox 20 sightings 











galvatron 2 sightings 











agent knight 1 sightings 











skywarp (war for cybertron) 1 sightings 










 























transformers and more @ the seibertron store
visit our store on ebay

				these are affiliate links. we may earn commissions when you purchase items or services through these links.
			

new!
gi joe snake eyes  ...

new!
gi joe real americ ...


new!
void rivals #3 2nd ...

new!
destro #3 cvr b im ...


new!
scarlett #4 cvr d  ...

new!
gi joe real americ ...


new!
cobra commander #5 ...

new!
void rivals #3 5th ...


new!
energon universe 2 ...

new!
scarlett #4 cvr b  ...


new!
gi joe #1 cvr f im ...

new!
gi joe real americ ...


new!
gi joe + transform ...

new!
scarlett #4 cvr e  ...

* price and quantities subject to change. shipping costs, taxes and other fees not included in cost shown. refer to listing for current price and availability.
find the items above and thousands more at the seibertron store on ebay


twincast / podcast #369:"gattai-funding"
mp3 · itunes · rss · view · discuss · ask
posted: saturday, february 8th, 2025

featured products on amazon.com

				these are affiliate links. we may earn commissions when you purchase items or services through these links.
			




















the ultimate caption contestlatest: optimus prime on his deathbed
 




google chrome
firefox
internet explorer
safari
opera


        compatible with the latest versions of the world's most popular browsers.
report problems you experience here.
      
seibertron.com - the ultimate transformers fansite




main sections

transformers news
transformers toys section
transformers toy galleries
energon pub forums
transformers films
trnsformers database
cartoons & comics
transformers related events
heavy metal war game
social network

live action movies

transformers: rise of the beasts movie news
movie toy galleries
movie related galleries
live action movies forum



news section

view all news
toy news
comic book news
cartoon news
rumors
podcasts
multimedia news
submit news
rss feeds

multimedia content


listen to our podcast
twincast/podcast rss feed
twincast/podcast on itunes
video game forum
dvd set galleries
region free dvds? here's how!
seibertron.com on youtube



toys section

view toy news
transformers toys forum
transformers toy sightings
buy, sell or trade forum
view all galleries (a - z)
newest galleries
most popular galleries
generations
transformers movie toys
transformers prime
seibertron store

affiliate retailers

amazon.com
walmart.com
target.com
ebay



events

event news
event galleries
hasbro pulsecon 2020 new!
toy fair 2020
wonderfest 2020
nycc 2019
sdcc 2019
hascon 2017
last knight premieres
tfnation 2016
botcon 2016
transformers exhibit 2015
transformers the ride - 3d

cartoons & comics

cartoons & comics forum
view cartoon related news
comic book news
transformers: mosaic
ultimate caption contest 


social network

join seibertron.com message board
seibertron store on ebay
seibertron store on amazon
like us on facebook
view our posts on bluesky
view our posts on x
pin us on pinterest
discover us on myspace
view us on instagram
connect with us on linkedin
watch us on youtube

miscellaneous

privacy policy
about
contact us
part-time help wanted
submit news
translate
join
sign in








seibertron.com is an unofficial transformers fansite. it is not associated with nor endorsed by hasbro or takara tomy. transformers® is a registered trademark of hasbro, inc. visit transformers.com to view hasbro's official transformers website or visit takara tomy's official transformers website.
this page contains affiliate links. we may earn commissions when readers interact with or purchase items through these links. for more information, see our affiliate disclosures here.
16,469 pages were recently viewed by 3,919 unique visitors. this page was viewed 177 times on sunday, february 16th 2025 4:19am cst. © 2025 seibertron llc. all rights reserved. established june 2000. seibertron.com is operated by ryan yzquierdo.







