












fretlessbass.com home









































players
gallery
posts
video
social
shopping
about us
contact

email list






no frets. no limits.
explore
join email list












 players

we currently have over 100 fretless bass players featured with photos, interviews, bios, music, videos, and more. have a suggestion for a player that you don't see listed? contact us and make a recommendation.




jaco pastorius



jack bruce



mark egan



tony levin





mo foster



tony franklin



pino palladino



victor wooten



 click for 100+ fretless players...






 gallery

we currently have over 500 user submitted fretless bass gallery photos. want to submit your fretless bass photo? click here.






























 click for 500+ fretless bass pics...






 posts and articles

visit our posts section regularly for fretless bass articles, interviews, featured songs, featured videos, album reviews, basses, gear, books, live performance listings, and much much more.































 click to see all posts...






 featured video








 click to see all videos...






 social

connect with the fretlessbass.com community through our social sites, message board, and post comments.

















 click to get connected...






 shopping

visit our affiliates to shop for fretless bass products and apparel to support fretlessbass.com and find some great deals.

















 click for more products...









 about us








welcome to fretlessbass.com. this site is dedicated to fretless basses (acoustic and uprights welcome too!). originally designed as a user submitted gallery of fretless basses, our site now includes much more, including exclusive interviews and articles, featured songs and videos, a shopping area, and community links for those who play or simply admire fretless basses.
fretlessbass.com was originally launched in 2000 and within the first year became a top ten search engine result for fretless basses. the user submitted gallery has grown from one bass to over five hundred, and it is still growing. from players that only have a single, memorable fretless performance, to those who use the instrument exclusively as their voice, and even those who bring upright bass into the mainstream or cross over genres; we consider them all relevant, unique, and worthy of discovering. we plan to continually add content related to fretless basses to make this the ultimate resource for this beautiful and timeless instrument.
but most importantly, it’s the players and the community that make this the best site on the internet for fretless basses.

no frets. no limits.





                                    15+ years on the web 





                                    500+ user submitted photos 





                                    100+ featured players 





 click to learn more...







 you can help!

you can help us make fretlessbass.com the best place on the internet for fretless basses. we encourage you to send us feedback and suggestions for content, features, music, and more to help bring the fretless bass to new audiences and new generations.



suggest bass players and gear to feature on our site



share music, videos, websites, or articles that feature fretless bass



upload your fretless bass photo to our gallery, and view hundreds of basses



contribute to our message board and add comments to our posts



alert us to live fretless bass concerts or events



follow us on social media. like, share, comment, and tell the world!


 click to contact us...









 subscribe to our email list. no junk. no frets.


click here to subscribe










 



 









home
players
interviews
videos
posts
 

gallery
social
shopping
about
contact
 

email list
search
links
privacy
 



apparel



















© 2025 fretlessbass.com. all rights reserved.









×close
 subscribe to the fretlessbass.com email list


enter your email address and we will occasionally send you website updates and news.no junk. no frets.


your email




by providing your email you consent to receiving occassional promotional emails &newsletters.you can unsubscribe any time.



















