
. . . . . .




high-tech acronyms and abbreviations resolver



looking for high-tech acronyms?




















it's about time


"your theory is crazy but it's not crazy enough to be true."

-- niels bohr

'what is this?'
-- the short answer:
a reality-interpretation of quantum physics' phenomena.

-- the long answer:
without the application of quantum physics theory not only your dvd wouldn't work, even your cd won't (leave alone your cell phone). while the practical aspects are well established, the interpretation of quantum theory phenomena relies on bizarre ghost realities, cats which are both alive and dead at the same time, or on mysterious multiple universes unfolding in parallel (or in perpendicular, for that matter). 

the following proposes to introduce a reality  interpretation of quantum theory phenomena, such as the double-slit experiment and the uncertainty principle. if not outright plausible, it appears to comply at least with common logic and is based on classic physics' principles.

for the impatient:
being one myself, i can well identify with an impatient reader's demand:  'give me the bottom line please!'  however, doing that (something i am going to do nevertheless) will inevitably elicit the question: 'how did you come to this conclusion?' it would be like placing the cart in front of the horse. wouldn't it be better to follow the few steps leading to the conclusion in an orderly manner -- all nice and easy?

suffice it to say that the proposed package of goods comes with a, relatively, small price-tag of accepting the existence of an extra time-dimension and a particle's weird behavior (something you can always expect from these pesky things). it also suggests that an observer does not really interfere with the double-slit experiment by merely observing it, but rather impairs the ability of that very same observer from viewing the process to its completion, while the process itself is ongoing undisturbed.

next: disorder and time travel




haven't a clue what that is all about?  

try something closer to home... 
a new spin

or, maybe take a look how

maxwell and his equations
are = aristotle and his house fly

maxwell's equations (without the equations)

you can also:
beat the geek at his own game!

find out what all these high-tech buzzwords stand for
high-tech acronyms & abbreviations resolver

search tips 




 please click to submit!


what is the internet


 .
. . .


 ..