      
	optima batteries deep cycle & agm batteries for cars, trucks & marine - optimabatteries
        





     skip to main content 



free shipping on all orders













toggle mobile navigation





toggle search










find your battery








experience












close menu








                    products
                







car / truck





marine / rv





motorcycle





chargers








                    innovation
                





                    support
                





                    about optima
                






ambassadors




sponsorships




ousci competitors




contact us




clarios









toggle search

















 



find a battery















 



car / truck batteries


                        from our high-performance agm to our all-new lithium-powered orangetop™ starting and dual-purpose batteries, optima® has the ideal fit for your automotive applications. the optima® redtop® and yellowtop® agm batteries provide up to 15x more vibration resistance, 3x longer service life, flexibility for mounting and faster charging.  
the optima orangetop lithium battery provides optima cpr™ built-in jump-start, extreme temperature performance, lightweight power and reliability in addition to bluetooth capabilities and an advanced battery management system.
                    


buy car / truck






 



marine / rv batteries


                        go further, faster and for longer with batteries for marine and rv applications. our optima® bluetop® features spiralcell technology® with 99.99% pure lead for extended power and performance. the all-new lithium powered orangetop™ is a high-capacity, long-lasting battery, featuring bluetooth and nmea 2000 compatibility.
                    


buy marine / rv






 



motorcycle batteries


                        the orangetop™ with hypercore lithium™ technology is bringing optima® power, performance and reliability to motorcycles, utvs, atvs and all powersport vehicles. this vibration-resistant lithium battery is a lighter weight option that provides the power and reliability you’ve come to expect from optima®. the orangetop™ also comes equipped with our patented optima® powerlink™ system that provides convenient battery control, status and charging.
                    


buy motorcycle






 



chargers & maintainers


                        optima’s lineup includes microprocessor-controlled chargers, which ensure your battery is appropriately charged, maintained and conditioned so that you never have to sacrifice power or longevity. our groundbreaking options, like the d200+, d400+ and d1200+ chargers and maintainers, allow users to revive deeply discharged units and provide enhanced performance for agm, flooded and lithium batteries. when you choose an optima® charger for your vehicle, you can be certain that you’re working with the latest technology and the most advanced systems available.
                    


buy chargers











experience optima
ready to feel like you are in the driver’s seat? take our optima experience section for a spin! be the first to know about upcoming race events, get access to exclusive interviews, and learn about car battery sizes all in one place. from expert tips and tricks, to behind the scenes events, we got something we know you’ll love.
view all experiences




tips & support


optima d200+ battery maintainer


take a first look at optima's all-new d200+ battery maintainer






tips & support


tour the optima batteries plant


take a virtual tour of optima's state of the art production facility





tips & support


what is an agm battery?


take a look inside an optima agm battery to learn what it's all about






ultimate streetcar


2023 optima ultimate street car invitational results


results from the 2023 optima ultimate street car invitational, presented by advance auto parts











  




tips & support
need help with optima products? looking for suggestions? let us help. check out our tips and support section.
learn more







subscribe to the optima batteries
            powerpack nation monthly newsletter

* indicates required


email address*


























optima batteries5757 n. green bay ave.glendale wi 53209888-8-optima or  888-867-8462








warranties


shipping & returns







productscar / truckmarine / rvmotorcyclechargersinnovation





about optima



ambassadors

sponsorships

ousci competitors

contact us

register battery

clarios

support






follow optima facebook this link will trigger a popup message.x this link will trigger a popup message.youtube this link will trigger a popup message. instagram this link will trigger a popup message.pinterest this link will trigger a popup message.













clarios

learn more about clarios




sitemapprivacy policyterms & conditions

©  clarios. all rights reserved.




   
  