



smyrna home

























home


about us


our story


our team


what we believe


contact us





our ministries


worship and music


christian ed and nurture


women's fellowship


mind and body


mission and outreach


fund raising


facility rental


earthcare


resources



media


sermons


photos


behold! newsletters



cemetery
 










welcome to smyrna ucc












our location:31119 s highway 170canby, or 97013ph. 503-651-2131 





















worship hours: sundays10:30 am worship service (nursery/child care available)












latest newsletter (click on behold banner, below)










february 9, 2025 worship service on youtube


click here to watch this week's worship service 




christmas eve worship service on youtube


click here to watch this special evening service 









   resource page  


a helpful page for people in our community. (click here.)




solar array project





or click
                                    here: 




smyrna ucc donation page










tag: 









we're glad you are here!


2024 marked the 133rd year of smyrna united church of christ. in january of 1891, ground was broken to build a church midway between the settlements of needy and yoder, oregon, in the heavily timbered rural land in the willamette valley. the first service in the roughed-in building was held in april 1891.  




















our minister:













pastor: rev. jennifer garrison


    if you are looking for an established, progressive church that is welcoming, open and affirming to all, then you may just have found the place you have been looking for! smyrna united church of christ was founded over 125 years ago, and is located in a beautiful, peaceful part of the mid-willamette valley.  as part of the ucc, our congregation participates in a faith tradition that values spiritual development, life-long learning and critical inquiry, and the embrace of values that promote the well-being of body, mind, spirit, community, and creation. if you are looking for a faith home in which to worship, pray, think, question, and do so with others who believe that “god is still speaking,” then come and join us!  no matter who you are, or where you are on life’s journey, you are welcome here.












































useful links:



















united church of christ © 2016 -  ucc.org



























