

















home - fair labor association








































skip to main content




join flacontact usmyfla sign in





fair labor home page






about us







about usoverviewour standardsboard of directorsstaffcareersannual reportsfaqswhat we do







what we dooverviewfair labor accreditation
accreditation processaccreditation assessmentsstrategic projectsfair labor investigations
third party complaintsinvestigations reportsknowledge buildingfair labor assessments
agriculturemanufacturingmembers & affiliates







members & affiliatesoverviewaccredited companiescivil society organizationsparticipating companiesaffiliatescolleges & universitiesissues







issuesoverviewchild laborforced laborliving wagesupply chain transparencyresourcesnews






















					search
				














the fair labor association promotes human rights at work.
about fla









accountability and transparency are the foundations of responsible business.
the fair labor association® (fla) has worked for more than 20 years toward a future where responsible business means that fair working conditions are the standard, not the exception.
our unique model of collaboration builds expertise and drives innovation to improve business policies and practices that benefit workers around the world.




registration is open for fla's spring board convening

from march 11-13, 2025, members and affiliates can join fla in the heart of washington, dc for three days of education and networking.
learn about our latest efforts to advance workers’ rights worldwide and exchange best practices and resources with fellow social compliance and human rights professionals.


register today










putting fairness to work

fla holds companies accountable to their labor rights commitments by evaluating business practices against the highest international standards for global supply chains.


standards that advance workers’ rights










an international standard for labor rights

fair labor accreditation starts with headquarters and follows global supply chains to ensure that the brands you know have policies and systems in place to support their workers.


how companies earn fla accreditation










respect for workers' rights

fair labor investigations address instances of significant and persistent noncompliance with our standards in the facilities used by member companies, suppliers, or university licensees.


how fla ensures working conditions meet our standards









news from fla












advocacy
+4
                

child labor
fair compensation
human rights due diligence
upstream supply chains




fla at the 2025 oecd forum on due diligence in the garment and footwear sector
february 14, 2025



view fla at the 2025 oecd forum on due diligence in the garment and footwear sector






employment relationship
+3
                

freedom of association & collective bargaining
hours of work
responsible recruitment




fla/aafa statement on report highlighting responsible recruitment risks for migrant workers in taiwan’s textile industry
february 7, 2025



view fla/aafa statement on report highlighting responsible recruitment risks for migrant workers in taiwan’s textile industry






advocacy
+1
                

fair compensation




fla and aafa reiterate need for sustainable partnership with bangladesh industry
january 24, 2025



view fla and aafa reiterate need for sustainable partnership with bangladesh industry



view all articles



fla members
fla is an international network promoting human rights at work.

explore fla members




fla membership includes companies, universities, and civil society organizations.




leadership on living wage

fla is committed to providing a practical pathway for companies to improve wages for workers around the world.
 
our award-winning fair compensation toolkit includes groundbreaking living wage resources that show companies the gap between what workers earn and what they need.


 
 


learn more about fair compensation work










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































connect with us


























© 2025  fair labor association  


terms of use
privacy policy
contact us form
fla member sign in














!

































