
barrel barbecue or is it barrel bbq or even barrel barbeque 














barrel barbecue, barrel bbq, barrel barbeque, 
    barrel bar-b-que




barrel-barbecue.co.uk
the 
      inspiration
how to buy a bbq 
e mail
the 
  deluxe barrel barbecue
barrel barbecue smoker
the 
      original barrel barbecue
replacement bbq grills
fire 
    pits
fire pit kettle
brazier
charcoal
special offers 
reviews
customers own barrel barbecue's
terms
direct transfer internet banking
printable order form
 
 
 
 


other websites

trap-man.com 
bins-n-benches.co.uk
browfarm.co.uk 
barrel-barbecue.co.uk 
cigarette-bin.co.uk
jigsaws & coasters
 trapman.co.uk
grow.co.uk 
show-cages.co.uk
debby's 
                garden 
landlord zone
cat-traps.co.uk
red-squirrels.org
bornacoola 
                gun club
trap 
                collecting
rufford arms 
                  hotel
kitchen garden 
                magazine
cigarette 
                bins
lost my 
                cat
rabbit-traps.co.uk
securehosting
larsen-traps.co.uk
fox-traps.co.uk
squirrel-traps.co.uk
rat-traps.co.uk
mouse-traps.co.uk
mole-traps.co.uk
mink-traps.co.uk
pest-control-warehouse.co.uk
beautiful 
                britain


 
 
the 
      barrel barbecue or is it barrel bbq or even barrel barbeque
barrel barbecue, barrel bbq, barrel barbeque, 
          barrel bar-b-que


 the original 
        barrel barbecue 


or is it barrel bbq or even barrel barbeque, whatever you call 
        them. our barrel barbecues have an extra large grilling capacity, ideal for 
        those large family gatherings, easily catering for 30 guests and are supplied 
      with a lid to enable cooking in the british weather. 

the original barrel barbecue 
        is constructed from a recycled 45 gal oil barrel similar to a bri, then bolted to substantial box section 
        legs, these strong steel legs are made detachable to aid transporting and storage. 
        our barrel barbecue is very robust and stable, a major consideration, you don't 
        want to spend an hour cooking your favorite food just to see being eaten by 
        the dog when the barby tips over !!.the 14 gauge steel charcoal / ash pan is 
        fitted to prevent the hot charcoal touching the barrel and controls the air 
        supply thus regulating the heat and cooking times, heavy 4mm diameter bars on 
        our grill, retain heat and give char grill marks on food especially jerk chicken, the heavy steel hot 
        plate can be used for fish, eggs, burgers etc. the lid cuts down on smoke, speeds 
        the cooking of joints & chicken via indirect heat, similar to an oven in your 
        kitchen and permits use in inclement weather. 



the 
        original barrel barbecue or is it barrel bbq or even barrel barbeque, whatever 
        you call them. our barrel barbecues have an extra large capacity, ideal for 
        those large family gatherings, easily catering for 30 guests and are supplied 
        with a lid to enable cooking in the british weather. the original barrel barbecue 
        is constructed from a recycled 45 gal oil barrel welded to substantial box section 
        legs, these strong steel legs are made detachable to aid transporting and storage. 
        our barrel barbecue is very robust and stable, a major consideration, you don't 
        want to spend an hour cooking your favorite food just to see being eaten by 
        the dog when the barby tips over !!.the 14 gauge steel charcoal / ash pan is 
        fitted to prevent the hot charcoal touching the barrel and controls the air 
        supply thus regulating the heat and cooking times, heavy 6mm diameter bars on 
        our grill, retain heat and give char grill marks on food, the heavy steel hot 
        plate can be used for fish, eggs, burgers etc. the lid cuts down on smoke s 
        the cooking of joints and chicken via indirect heat, similar to an oven in your 
        kitchen and permits use in inclement weather. the barrel barbecue can be used 
        as a smoker in certain circumstances, we are currently designing a smoker fire 
        pit, chimney and water tray to fit our barrel barbecue's choosing a barbecue 
        there are many different types of barbecue on the market, there's no hard and 
        fast rules but if you choose on of our original barrel barbecues or for the 
        more decerning our deluxe barrel barbecue you'll be happy with your choce. whichever 
        one you choose, keep safety in mind. make sure your barbecue is sturdy, our 
        barrel barbecues are, as barbecues become deceptively hot and many cheaper models 
        are extremely unstable. look for a barbecue with a fat collector to minimize 
        smoke emissions and potential fire risk. siting a barbecue general siting site 
        your barrel barbecue well away from fences and trees. ensure the site is level 
        and not situated in a position where your barrel barbecue can be knocked over. 
        consider your neighbor's site your barrel barbecue away from their homes. do 
        not disturb them with smoke or noise. (you can always invite them!) lighting 
        up always use the correct materials and fuels for lighting the barrel barbecue 
        and observe the manufacturer's instructions (avoid using barbecue lighter fluid 
        in your barrel barbecue. look for childproof caps when buying lighter fuel and 
        always replace the cap after use. never pour lighter fuel onto hot coals even 
        if they appear to have gone out. keep combustible materials and matches away 
        from the barrel barbecue. food preparation and cooking keep all utensils and 
        plates for cooked foods separate from those used for uncooked food. all frozen 
        food must be completely defrosted before cooking on a barbecue. meat and other 
        high risk foods should be kept in a refrigerator until needed. barbecues tend 
        to char food on the outside and leave the centre raw. all meat should be cooked 
        thoroughly but portions of chicken and other poultry need particular care. it 
        may be a good idea to pre-cook meats by conventional methods before finishing 
        off on the barbecue. food should not be left in the sunshine. to prevent contamination 
        by insect pests, all food should be placed in sealed containers and be kept 
        off the ground. only kettle-style or barrel barbecues are suitable for cooking 
        joints and whole chickens. other types will not cook the meat thoroughly. use 
        a meat thermometer to check that the meat is cooked properly. remember these 
        safety points to minimise accidents, ensure children are under constant supervision 
        and never leave the barrel barbecue unattended. glassware is breakable and can 
        be dangerous. use plastic or disposable beakers and plates. ensure suitable 
        fire fighting equipment is close at hand, eg garden hose / fire bucket of sand. 
        dispose of refuse in a covered bin so as not to attract insects and vermin. 
        never put hot ashes directly into a plastic dustbin. wait until they have cooled 
        down or use a galvanised dustbin the original barrel barbecue or is it barrel 
        bbq or even barrel barbeque, whatever you call them. our barrel barbecues have 
        an extra large capacity, ideal for those large family gatherings, easily catering 
        for 30 guests and are supplied with a lid to enable cooking in the british weather. 
        the original barrel barbecue is constructed from a recycled 45 gal oil barrel 
        welded to substantial box section legs, these strong steel legs are made detachable 
        to aid transporting and storage. our barrel barbecue is very robust and stable, 
        a major consideration, you don't want to spend an hour cooking your favorite 
        food just to see being eaten by the dog when the barby tips over !!.the 14 gauge 
        steel charcoal / ash pan is fitted to prevent the hot charcoal touching the 
        barrel and controls the air supply thus regulating the heat and cooking times, 
        heavy 6mm diameter bars on our grill, retain heat and give char grill marks 
        on food, the heavy steel hot plate can be used for fish, eggs, burgers etc. 
        the lid cuts down on smoke, speeds the cooking of joints and chicken via indirect 
        heat, similar to an oven in your kitchen and permits use in inclement weather. 
        the barrel barbecue can be used as a smoker in certain circumstances, we are 
        currently designing a smoker fire pit, chimney and water tray to fit our barrel 
        barbecue's



the 
        original barrel barbecue deluxe barrel barbecue
delivery to southern ireland, france, germany, netherlands, spain, portugal , italy etc. extra £30 
the main difference between the 
        original barrel barbecue and deluxe barrel barbecue the deluxe bbbq utilizes a new oil drum powder coated black and the original bbbq utilizes a selected used oil drum, colours vary and the steelwork is not coated. 
click here  to order a barrel barbecue
 normal delivery approximately. two working days if using direct bank transfer  but it does depend on demand. please don't leave ordering until the sun comes out, because every man and his dog has the same idea. 
 
ask a question that's not already answered on this page tel the bbq man 07783438240 e mail sales@barrel-barbecue.co.uk


 
deluxe barrel barbecue ........... original barrel barbecue
as seen 
        in the telegraph magazine 11th aug.

new barrel barbecues 

choosing 
  a barbecue 
there are many different types of barbecue on the market, there's no hard and 
  fast rules but if you choose on of our original barrel barbecues or for the 
  more decerning our deluxe barrel barbecue you'll be happy with your choce. whichever 
  one you choose, keep safety in mind. make sure your barbecue is sturdy, our 
  barrel barbecues are, as barbecues become deceptively hot and many cheaper models 
  are extremely unstable. look for a barbecue with a fat collector to minimize 
  smoke emissions and potential fire risk. 
siting a barbecue general siting
site your barrel barbecue well away from fences and trees. ensure the site is 
  level and not situated in a position where your barrel barbecue can be knocked 
  over. 
consider your neighbor's 
site your barrel barbecue away from their homes. do not disturb them with smoke 
  or noise. (you can always invite them!) 
lighting up
always use the correct materials and fuels for lighting the barrel barbecue 
  and observe the manufacturer's instructions (avoid using barbecue lighter fluid 
  in your barrel barbecue. look for childproof caps when buying lighter fuel and 
  always replace the cap after use. never pour lighter fuel onto hot coals even 
  if they appear to have gone out. keep combustible materials and matches away 
  from the barrel barbecue. 
food preparation and cooking 
keep all utensils and plates for cooked foods separate from those used for uncooked 
  food. all frozen food must be completely defrosted before cooking on a barbecue. 
  meat and other high risk foods should be kept in a refrigerator until needed. 
  barbecues tend to char food on the outside and leave the centre raw. all meat 
  should be cooked thoroughly but portions of chicken and other poultry need particular 
  care. it may be a good idea to pre-cook meats by conventional methods before 
  finishing off on the barbecue. food should not be left in the sunshine. to prevent 
  contamination by insect pests, all food should be placed in sealed containers 
  and be kept off the ground. only kettle-style or barrel barbecues are suitable 
  for cooking joints and whole chickens. other types will not cook the meat thoroughly. 
  use a meat thermometer to check that the meat is cooked properly. 
remember these safety points
to minimise accidents, ensure children are under constant supervision and never 
  leave the barrel barbecue unattended. glassware is breakable and can be dangerous. 
  use plastic or disposable beakers and plates. ensure suitable fire fighting 
  equipment is close at hand, eg garden hose / fire bucket of sand. dispose of 
  refuse in a covered bin so as not to attract insects and vermin. never put hot 
  ashes directly into a plastic dustbin. wait until they have cooled down or use 
  a galvanised dustbin







         
 
 
 






         
 
 
 




  



 
 this website is owned by bins-n-benches ltd registered in england 05421623. smithy lane, holmeswood, ormskirk, l40 1uh. tel 01704821136 





