






metafuture:  futures studies by sohail inayatullah and ivana milojević – a site which explores futures-oriented issues


















































 

















skip to content




 


					creating alternative and preferred futures				




home
about us

gallery of images


what we do

bookstore
courses / trainings
library
videos, interviews and blogs


shop

cart
checkout


contact
menu 



search for:


















 





welcome to metafuture metafuture is an educational think tank which explores futures-oriented issues. our approach to futures thinking and practice (theories, methods, tools and processes) is based on the "six pillars" model which inquires into alternative and preferred futures and the worldviews and myths that underlie them. 
 

 


 


					library				

free material - published articles, book chapters, reports and theses - by metafuture associated futures-oriented scholars. search by author or topic.

					go to the library 


 

 


 


					bookstore				

books and ebooks. titles include: what works: case studies in the practice of foresight (2015) and cla 3.0: transformative research in theory and practice (2015).

					visit the bookstore 


 

 


 


					courses/training				

a list of organisations and conferences that metafuture has delivered speeches, workshops and research reports. request or attend a speech, course, workshop and training.

					view information 


 

 


 


					videos/interviews/blogs				

videos of our presentations on a number of topics, such as causal layered analysis, city futures, and what works in futures studies. the latest interviews and blogs.

					watch videos / read blogs 


introductory material and the latest






online courses (2020)






introduction to cla (video) (2013)





hawaii futures (1984) (1987)





the university in transformation (book info, 2000)





transforming communication (book info, 2002)





youth futures (book info, 2002)



 







a siteorigin theme

































