








home - epsi rating








































product and services

product and services
industry studies
employee satisfaction
epsi’s brand studies
customer survey


industry studies

epsi sustainable development index
bank
telecom
insurance
energy


about

about epsi
owners
privacy policy


contact
select country

sweden
denmark
norway
finland


portal
search




menu


menu

 






epsi rating industry studiesour customer surveys are based on an understanding of what makes your customers satisfied and loyal. what makes your customers happy, or possibly unhappy, is the best starting point in a business strategy process.
read more
eps rating industry studiesread more
at epsi rating group we make companies and organizations competitive, using customer and employee voices as a measure of quality. we bring your business forward by studying the relationship between customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction and your company’s profitability.


about us

the epsi rating group conducts market research in the nordic region, the uk, the netherlands, and the baltic countries.
epsi rating and svenskt kvalitetsindex started as a research project in the late 1980s, in a number of european business colleges and other academic institutions in the late 1980s. the aim of the project was to develop models to measure and analyze customer satisfaction in different industries. based on the results of a study initiated by the eu commission in 1998-1999, the initiative was subsequently formally launched under the name epsi (extended performance satisfaction index).
today, epsi rating is a recognized european system for measuring customer- and employee satisfaction as well as organizations’ social responsibilities and management effectiveness.
further research at the stockholm school of economics has also revealed substantial correlations between epsi’s non-financial measurements and companies’ business performances.
epsi rating and svenskt kvalitetsindex have expertise within a range of sectors and perform studies based on scientific methods. every year we conduct around 300,000 telephone interviews with both customers and other stakeholders in europe.


our approach

epsi rating group (extended performance satisfaction index) is a system to collect, analyse and disseminate information about image, preferences and perceived quality as well as loyalty of customers, employees and other stakeholders to commercial entities, npos, governmental bodies and other organisations. the epsi approach focuses on causal analysis derived from structural model elaboration and thorough empirical studies in order to estimate numerical relationships.


epsi rating analyses


what makes your customer satisfied and loyal
your organisation’s performance relative to your competitors
employee engagement and experience


our offices


swedenclick to go the site

norwayclick to go the site

denmarkclick to go the site

finlandclick to go the site


12341norway
2sweden
3denmark
4finland


contact us by clicking below:






contact information
   

main office visiting address

torsgatan 2
111 23 stockholm
contact us


follow us  linkedin

epsi rating 


about
contact
privacy policy









© copyright - epsi rating group - enfold wordpress theme by kriesi
twitterlinkedin






scroll to top



