online degree programs & online schoolshomedegreescollegesarticlesguidefind the next step on your journeyyour college search begins heresearch degreesselect degreeassociatebachelorcoursedoctoratemastergraduate certificatehigh schoolnon degree awardprofessional degreeundergraduate certificatediplomagap yearundergraduategraduateselect categoryfine arts & designbusinesstechnologyliberal arts & humanitieseducationhealth & medicinemath, science & engineeringpublic affairs & social sciencesvocational trainingcriminal justice & legalreligious studiesselect subjectstart nowdiscover the schools and degree programs that are right for youour missionwe launched academicinfo with a mission to provide free, independent and accurate information and resources for prospective and current students.read our student guidecollege rankingsexplore our listings of colleges to discover your education options. we dive into the weeds and provide you with acceptance statistics, student count and more.browse collegesdegrees in depthwhat career options do you have after graduation? we look into the details of degree programs regarding employement opportunities, career path and more.discover degreesas referenced byexplore areas of interestfollow your interests and find the next step in your career.arts & designarts & design degree programsbusinessonline business degree programs, schools & resources onlineeducationeducation degrees onlineengineeringonline engineering degree programs & schoolshealth careonline healthcare degree programshumanities & social sciencesonline humanities & social sciences degree programsit & computer sciencesonline it & computer sciences degree programslawentering the business of legal matters: online law & legal degree programsscienceonline science degree programs & schoolseducator in focusdr. khim kelly - teaching managerial accounting and management controlsdr. khim kelly is the kpmg professor of accounting at the kenneth g. dixon school of accounting, university of central florida. dr. kelly received her ph.d. from the university of southern california and previously held faculty positions at the university of waterloo, canada, and nanyang technological university, singapore.read moreeducator in focusjulie anand - questioning conventional boundaries through photographic artjulie anand is associate professor of photography in the school of art and senior sustainability scholar in the julie ann wrigley global institute of sustainability at arizona state university. her projects, informed by a background in ecology and geology, often explore material culture, body/land relations and issues of interdependency/boundary.read moreeducator in focusseth j. gillihan - think, act, beseth j. gillihan is a clinical psychologist, best-selling author, podcast host, and creator of the think act be online school. he specializes in mindfulness-centered cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt). seth completed an undergraduate degree at indiana university in biology and french, a master’s degree in community counseling at george wa...read moredegrees by subjectarts & designbusinesseducationengineeringhealth carehumanities & social sciencesit & computer scienceslawsciencecolleges by statealaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawarefloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashington, dcwest virginiawyomingstudent guidecampus life: what should you expect?welcome to our campus life section of articles, advice, tips and hints. we aim to cover most of the topics and issues that come to mind when you think about finally heading off to school. after all your hard work in applying to various colleges, writing essays for grants and scholarships and making endless phone calls to admissions and financial aid, shouldn’t this part be fun?read morestudent guidepaying for college 101: introductionthis is the worst part of the entire gearing up for college experience. college-bound students and their parents must fill out reams of financial aid forms, meet strict deadlines and attempt to figure out exactly what they can afford to pay for a college education. it’s complicated, stressful and frustrating, but it can be done, rest assu...read morestudent guidethe lowdown on college visitscollege visits rank very high in your overall preparation for college. being on the campus when other students are around will give you a good sense of whether you like the place or not. your dream college might be set in a large city, but when you get there and sense the harried, hurried city life of the school, it might put you off entirely.read morestudent guidecollege application breakdownwhat documents do you need to apply to college? college applications ask for the usual basic information about you such as name, gender, age, mailing and permanent address, phone, email, ethnicity, citizenship, high school, secondary school or college, list of extracurricular activities and academic interest area.read morestudent guidecollege prep - heading to the big c?if you’re in high school, sooner or later you’ll be thinking of going to college. this thought process entails a number of considerations and questions such as:who am i and what do i want to do with my life?considering the economy, should i even go to college right now?how will the college i choose affect my future career?read morethis site was founded by librarian mike madin in 1998. after more than 20 years on the internet, academicinfo has become the premier website for education and university related information and reviews.while we do our very best to provide accurate and up-to-date information, please contact us if you find anything that is either wrong, or that you feel is missing from the site.copyright © 1998 - 2025 academic info. all rights reserved.aboutprivacytermsadvertising disclosureaccessibility statementcontact