









home - lincoln & continental owners club


























































lcoc@cornerstonereg.com



facebook


 





facebook



member login
join lcoc
renew membership
x plan – lcoc member purchase plan
classifieds

search ads
browse ads


 












home
about

about lcoc
join lcoc
renew membership
lincoln motor car heritage museum
lcoc regions
national constitution & by-laws
constitution & by-laws for regions
policy statement
historical information
faqs


publications

lincoln and continental comments
regional newsletters
flashback
authenticity manuals


lcoc regions

region map
lcoc national
arizona
florida
hoosier
lake shore
lone star
michigan
mid atlantic
midwest
new england
new mexico
north star
ohio valley
pacific northwest
philadelphia
rocky mountain
southern
southern ohio
texas gulf coast
western
united kingdom
norway


judging

standards

judging standards & instructions
national meet judging form: mechanical
national meet judging form: authenticity & appearance


rules

national meet concours rules
divisions
major trophies primary & senior divisions
responsibilities of owners


applications

application for custom vehicle
national meet registration form
application for survivor class
volunteer judging form


history

national meet history
emeritus divsion awards
preservation division awards
national trophy winners




photo albums

lincoln art gallery
photo albums
historical photos
lincoln historical photos


news

president’s message
lincoln & continental owners club news
featured articles
national meet winners
past events
bulletin boards/blogs


contact

contact us
membership office
officers and staff
national directors
regional directors


shop lcoc
members
event calendar
 





select page


  
 



 



 
















 picture postcard lincoln from 30 years ago

by walker r. "sonny" gray, jr. originally published in the 2nd quarter 1993 issue of continental comments (issue # 192.)dear tim: this picture is actually a postcard my sister purchased on one of her many trips to san miguel de allende, mexico. having lived in that... 
 read more 








 modern improved replacement freon is now compatible with original r-12 freon

above: a continental mark ii, like the author’s, at the kellogg manor near the gilmore during the lincoln centennial in 2022. photo courtesy of john walcek.by dean forbes originally published in the november-december 2024 lincoln and continental comments magazine... 
 read more 








 returning home to hickory corners – the 2024 lincoln homecoming

by jeff shively originally published in the november-december 2024 lincoln and continental comments magazine (issue # 381)above:  the show field at the gilmore.  note the variety in the front row alone - 1920s to 1990s, with lost of 1960s and 1970s charm in... 
 read more 








 introducing the 1995 continental

by carolyn burke, lincoln-mercury public affairsphotos by brad luseoriginally published in the 4th quarter 1994 issue of continental comments (issue # 200.)lincoln’s all new 1995 continental offers modular v-8 power, programmable audio, steering and suspension... 
 read more 








 new benefits of ford’s x plan for lcoc members

originally published in the september-october 2024 lincoln and continental comments magazine (issue # 380)for over a decade, ford has offered all lcoc members the ability to use the x plan program to obtain substantial discounts on new ford or lincoln vehicles. over... 
 read more 











flashback
flashback features selected articles from past issues of lincoln & continental comments magazine.  click here to read more!





upcoming lincoln & continental owner club events





the lcoc presents three national meets each year-eastern, mid-america, and western. one of the the twenty-two regions of the lcoc hosts each national meet. these extended weekend events are filled with activities, a full concours, awards banquet, and good fellowship. not just a meeting of the finest lincolns and continentals, but a meeting of friends and a members for fellowship, and to share common interests.



view events calendar








about the lincoln & continental owners club (lcoc)
the lincoln and continental owners club was formed in 1953 by dr. elliston bell. the first national meet was held in dearborn, michigan, on october 16, 1954, with 151 continentals participating. these included 1940 through 1948 continentals only. the following year, there were two national meets; an eastern meet was held in bedford spring, pennsylvania, and a western meet was held in santa barbara, california.





member login



welcome members

view your membership record
update address & phone number
update your vehicle listing
set up seasonal address changes
renew your membership
lcoc member listings
get member pricing on merchandise




learn about membership



join lcoc
lcoc is the oldest and only club for all lincoln enthusiasts. lcoc membership give you the combined knowledge and enthusiasm of over 2,500 fellow members, and inside track for buying and selling your lincolns, and much more!!



story of the month







connie goes to palm springs

connie goes to palm springs by richard gieraksome triumphs take a quite a while to happen.  for my wife shirley and me, showing our '57 lincoln premiere, known as "connie,” in may at the lcoc western region national meet in palm springs was the culmination of a...
read more






























recent events









day 4 highlights of the 2022 lcoc western national meet

written by elayne bendel reproduced with permissionthe 2022 western national meet is now history but coming as it did in the “playground of the stars” it did not lack for drama. the spectacular scenery and setting at the doubletree hotel and desert princess country...










day 3 highlights of the 2022 lcoc western national meet

written by elayne bendel reproduced with permissionfriday’s daytime agenda focused on two local landmoarks—the fabulous sunnylands estate in rancho mirage and the famous shields date garden in indio.sunnylands was first. this gorgeous 200-acre property was once the...










day 2 highlights of the 2022 lcoc western national meet

written by elayne bendel reproduced with permissionday 2 of our very busy weekend began with a driving tour of mostly undeveloped desert landscapes along scenic highway 62. on a sizzling day with temperatures approaching 100 degrees we chugalugged up a long grade to...








event photos



event photos



event photos





view more event reviews



 








shop & classified ads need that perfect gift for a family member or friend who loves his lincoln or continental or maybe you are looking for your own or need parts. check out our merchandise store and classifieds.

classified ads

 

lcoc merchandise


contact us lincoln & continental owners club
p.o.box 1715
maple grove, mn 55311-6715
phone: 763.420.7829
fax: 763.420.7849
mail to: lcoc@cornerstonereg.com

connect with us to contact us for questions regarding the club please visit our contact us page
click here to contact us

 






facebook


copyright 2017 lincoln & continental owners club - web site design and hosting by makeitcomplete.com 














share this





https://www.facebook.com/reallcoc





 

































