


pinellas county, florida - pinellas county construction licensing board


































 print |  a    a  text 





 contact us   |   calendar   |   how do i?







 







construction licensing board




an important notice for residents impacted by recent hurricanes
protect yourself. if your home or business has incurred damage due to the storm, don't hire an unlicensed contractor. before hiring any contractor, ask for their name, license number and proof of general liability and workers' comp insurance.
verify state certified contractors online at www.myfloridalicense.com. a list of pcclb-licensed, qualified and insured contractors can be found online using our contractor search feature.report unlicensed contracting: (727) 582-6767 or submit a report online.
 

out of state contractors
the state of florida has reciprocity with a very limited number of out-of-state jurisdictions. contractors who are not licensed in the state of florida cannot work in pinellas county.
in a state of emergency, verify the license status of state-certified contractors online at www.myfloridalicense.com.  the pcclb may grant temporary licenses to specialty contractors from other jurisdictions in florida based on damage assessments. fines for unlicensed contracting start at $500.
 

state certified contractors
effective june 24, 2024, state certified contractors do not have to register or renew their registrations with pcclb to work in pinellas county.
 
you will have to provide proof of state license and valid insurance to every building department in the county in order to pull permits. more information.
 

county certified andlocal specialty contractors

renewal deadline extended to october 31, 2024
 
county certified, journeymen, and certain local specialty contractors must renew their licenses by october 31, 2024. late fees apply starting november 1, 2024. watch your email inbox for details.
renew online
 
if you are a local specialty contractor, find out important information about your license. 
 
insurance must be current to renew. insurance certificates must show pcclb at our new address as certificate holder. upload insurance certificates via the pinellas county access portal for priority service. certificates sent via email are processed in the order in which they are received. if your insurance or workers' compensation exemption expired and your license was suspended, you may be assessed a reinstatement penalty. if your new policy does not start on the same day your old policy expired, you may be assessed a lapse fee. keep your insurance current.
 

if you need in-person service,
          text the word pcclb to (727) 472-4163
          or click here to get in line online.
          

make a payment
citation payments
 
admin fine payments
 

report unlicensed contracting
we investigate reports of unlicensed contracting. please call (727) 582-6767 or submit a report online.
 
state law prohibits  anonymous complaints. you must provide your name and address to make a  complaint.
 



 
the pinellas county construction licensing board (pcclb) regulates certain construction and home improvement contractors practicing in pinellas county, including all local municipalities. the agency is supported by the contractor licensing department, which oversees day-to-day administration, records maintenance, and contractor license investigations in the county.
 
public notices:

pcclb budget resolution
cld fy25 budget

 
locations of pcclb meetings and hearings:
all pcclb regular board meetings are held in the palm room at pinellas county communications, 333 chestnut st, clearwater. all pcclb special magistrate hearings are held in the bcc assembly room at the pinellas county courthouse, 315 court street, 5th floor, clearwater.
 
public hearing agendas and minutes
 


2025 regular board meetings


january 13
july 14


march 10
september 8


may 12
november 17


 


2024 regular board meetings


january 8
july 8


march 11
september 9


may 13
november 18


 


2024 special magistrate hearings


january 29
july 22


february 26
august 26


march 18
september 23


april 22
october 28


may 20
november 25


june 10
december 16


 
 
public hearing archives
 
resources for contractors:

contractor classifications / work descriptions
fee schedule
license renewal online - save time, renew online. 
pay fines:

administrative - for licensed contractors.
citations
ordinance 10-68 revising sec. 22-14 & 22-15


submit insurance certificates to insurancecertificates@pinellas.gov
forms:

application for examination / reciprocity - pcclb has a policy of reciprocity with other
         florida jurisdictions
change of status form - update licensed contractor 
             status with pcclb


important codes & notices
local amendments
notice of action (april 23, 2018)

resources for consumers:

how to choose the right contractor - english - en español
how to choose a contractor - tips and resources to help you make an informed decision
contractor list - a complete list of all contractors in pinellas county
check a business - a database of complaints filed against businesses in the county within the last five years
consumer tips - get information and resources to help in planning your project or choosing your contractor
file a complaint against a contractor - instructions and forms to file a complaint
florida lien law - how to avoid construction liens on your property
home improvement scams - protect yourself against unsavory characters or schemes and how to report them

other resources:

florida building codes
florida independent special district information
florida dept of business and professional regulation
pinellas county municode / ordinances
pinellas county:  
         
building green practices
building services
consumer protection
planning
public works / utilities specifications



videos:



 
 


 
 
 return to top
 







contractor search
search for lists of contractors / specialty contractors




license renewal online
save time, renew license online




pay fine online
administrative fines (licensed) and citations




education
      requirements
renewal requirements




municode
pinellas county ordinances




city / municipality
review city websites for additional codes/ permits/regulations 






home  | weather | privacy | disclaimer | accessibility statement | webmaster

not responsible for translated content
  










