



	party games hire,events game hire,games for parties & fun days,uk



































				navigation:
			










select page:

select page..
home
safety documents
-- crash mats
-- electrical safety
-- health and safety risk assessments
-- insurance
about us
-- news
-- faqs
how to book
contact
t&cs
exhibition game hire
exhibition stand games hire
reviews
award ceremony entertainment hire
corporate event hire - uk!
fun fair hire





select category:

select category..
all products
packages
arcade games hire
beach party theme
slides hire
sports days / activity days
arena shows
assault courses
challenging games
charity events
christmas activities to hire
fun fair & circus entertainment hire
college/school activities
corporate entertainment ideas
electronic games
photobooths
exhibition ideas
family funday ideas
food
giant games hire
rodeo bull hire
side stall hire
stag & hen parties
team building days
under 6's
water activities
wedding activities
western fun
brandable items
lunchtime fun
roll a ball racing games
laser shooting games
golf games
photography
mascots
bouncy castle hire bristol





search products:

























call us today on

0203 434 4457
						






email: office@fundayltd.com


quick search

















homeproducts all productspackagesarcade games hirebeach party themeslides hiresports days / activity daysarena showsassault courseschallenging gamescharity eventschristmas activities to hirefun fair & circus entertainment hirecollege/school activitiescorporate entertainment ideaselectronic gamesphotoboothsexhibition ideasfamily funday ideasfoodgiant games hirerodeo bull hireside stall hirestag & hen partiesteam building daysunder 6'swater activitieswedding activitieswestern funbrandable itemslunchtime funroll a ball racing gameslaser shooting gamesgolf gamesphotographymascotsbouncy castle hire bristolsafety documents safety documentscrash matselectrical safetyhealth and safety risk assessmentsinsuranceabout us about usnewsour visionfaqshow to bookcontact contactareas we covert&cs t&csaccess and stairsdry hire t&c'shard standing t's & c'sexhibition game hire exhibition game hireexhibition stand game hire londonexhibition stand games hirereviews reviewstestimonialsaward ceremony entertainment hire award ceremony entertainment hireaward ceremony photo boothemployee awards night entertainmentluxury and black-tie award ceremony entertainmentcorporate event hire - uk! corporate event hire - uk!archery hirego karts hirefun fair hire fun fair hireferris wheelsfunfair ideastea cup ride















































welcome to funday entertainment ltd
corporate entertainment, rodeo bull hire, activity hire, inflatables & side stalls in essex, london & nationwide uk
funday ltd is your one-stop shop for indoor and outdoor party games for hire. we have a large selection of event game hire and can also make your team building or works away day fun for everyone.
we offer corporate and private party entertainment fun day hire for all seasons. why not check out our rodeo bull for hire and see how long it takes the ceo to fall off it. or you could let the older members of your family relive their youth with traditional fun fair sideshows such as hoopla, aunt sally and tin can alley or check out our fairground stalls for hire.
we also have a wide range of inflatables suitable for all ages and party themes. we’re based in essex, near london but hire out our party props uk wide. we have £10 million public liability insurance and a team of fully trained, professional staff.
we offer entertainment and fun day hire for events of all sizes and age ranges. we have worked with some of the biggest names in the uk, but don't let that stop you from hiring something suitable for a smaller event. 
simply fill out our enquiry form and one of the team will be in touch to discuss your requirements and budget. we can also advise on simple tweaks to make your event truly memorable, no matter the size.
we are full of family fun day ideas,such as our temporary ice rink for hire or we can make your wedding, birthday party, village fete or community group celebration one to remember. we have worked with hundreds of people over the years, on events of all sizes. 
with our choice of entertainment hire, wedding guests will never be bored and the works party will never be the same again. you'll just need to remind your guests or delegates to bring suitable casual clothing to change into before the fun begins.
we have a range of obstacle course challenges, bouncy castles, photo booths and motion simulators to test balance and endurance. 
why not check out our inflatable water slide for hire its great fun for adults and the kids. if you can't decide what to rent from us, we have ready-made hire packages offering a choice of the most popular activities which we can rent out to you for your party or event.
our knowledgeable staff are on hand to help you select the best option. all items are hired on a four hour basis - just long enough to have a really good time. longer hire periods can be arranged - just ask for a quote.
in addition, we operate alongside a network of similar companies who may have just the piece of equipment you're looking for. simply ask and we'll see what we can do. we have over 200 activities for a fun day to choose from, after all.
 we also offer food carts to add an extra something, including ice cream, pancakes, soup, candy and hot chocolate.
party games hire from funday is about more than bouncy castles and food though. we also hire out dance floors and lighting rigs, laser tag equipment and trampolines as well as suitable seating for your guests. 
we offer party props to complement many popular themes, including cowboys and westerns, traditional funfair, beach party and christmas events. our inflatables, bouncy castles,laser tag hire, carousel rides and giant games for hire are suitable for all ages.
 each item has a dedicated information page giving vital information such as size, accessibility and power requirements, maximum load and best site surfaces.
our bouncy castles, assault courses and go karting party games are great activities for fun day entertainment such as a charity event, school sports day or a one-off arena show as well as smaller community based fetes or fayres and are great if you want to hire games for parties. 
we can liven up any corporate party or training session, or add extra fun to your wedding or birthday bash. there’s even a range of 360 photo booths for hire to cater for the selfie generation.
for the geeks and gamers we have electronic, table top and laser shooting games, while our giant garden games are always popular with all ages. giant chess, jenga, air hockey, ludo and more make a change from twister and provide just as much fun.
whether it’s a cross-generational family fun days out and get together, a special birthday or anniversary celebration or a way of allowing your staff to let their hair down at a training day or works party, party games hire from funday entertainment is a great way to liven up proceedings. 
event game hire does not need to be complicated or expensive - just ask us and we’ll prove it to you. fun day entertainment booking is as simple as a few clicks. check the item’s specifications match your requirements, check availability, receive a quote and book.
you may have thought that you had outgrown party games when you left school. however, party games hire for adults is now big business.
weddings, birthdays, anniversaries, family gatherings, parties and celebrations have always been prime locations for party games, photo booths, and bouncy castles and don’t forget our famous limbo hire games
now, team building events and corporate fun day hire are all the rage. whether it’s a training day, team building session, conference or exhibition, our party games rental service and team building events will help these days flow better.
 instead of offering your staff a coffee break, offer them a chocolate and bounce break.
party games hire is a good ice breaker for corporate fun days too. it’s hard to hold onto your inhibitions when you are invited to take part in a giant garden game, pose for an aunt sally photo op or offered the chance to take a bounce on an inflatable once you’ve signed in.
 many corporate parties and events these days are also seeking a wider range of experiences than alcohol, disco and casino-style gambling games. our activities for a great fun day hire are a fun alternative to those options. 
for a different party vibe, and to hire games for parties you should give us a try today. we can revolutionise your private party or fun company training day with one simple booking.
get in touch:
phone:
0870 011 3993
0203 434 4455 (urgent enquiries)
london branch: 0203 434 4457
email:
office@fundayltd.com
for more information or to book your entertainment today, visit www.fundayltd.com.
all supervised items on our web site are quoted on a 4 hour hire.
* if you require a longer time this can be arranged at an extra price! *
















popular product categories


all products


packages


all our rodeo rides


arcade games hire


beach party theme


slides hire


sports days / activity days


arena shows


assault courses


bouncy castles & inflatables


challenging games


charity events


christmas activities to hire


fun fair & circus entertainment hire


college/school activities


corporate entertainment ideas


electronic games


photobooths


exhibition ideas


family funday ideas


food


giant games hire


rodeo bull hire


side stall hire


stag & hen parties


team building days


under 6's


water activities


wedding activities


western fun














friendly service
our team of highly trained staff pride themselves on their 100% success rate creating memorable activity days and celebrations. as well as being punctual, smart and polite; they are genuinely kind and want to ensure your whole group has a terrific day, from your idea to the day, we can support you every step of the way to make your perfect experience.
 
looking for a particularly big entertainment day? we have a syndicate of companies who we can rely on to bring in extra or alternate equipment to ensure that no matter what you will never be let down.


endless options
funday has over 200 activities on offer including fun games and activities to bring back childhood memories and get everyone involved. we can even provide plenty of food options for your event, including ice cream for that true funfair feel.
we can even provide a dance floor so that you can dance the night away once they've had their fill of boot camps and bouncy castles. we even have a laser tag and trampolines that can be set up anywhere to help make the most out of your very special day day.
we'll also take care of practicalities such as seeing and food and drink to male sure nothing is missed when planning your perfect event. we offer a whole service as we want every fun day to be memorable for all the right reasons.
there are also a number of side stalls available so that the experience and energy don't ebb between rides and experiences. from hoopla to the tin can alley, there are plenty of options to make sure every singe visitor has a fun packed memorable day.






we can help across the uk
we are based in essex and deliver across london and the uk. we will quote any job, just fill our online form for a speedy reply and specialised quote as well as any advice on making your event truly spectacular!
 
let us know about your upcoming event and we will help you plan a truly memorable celebration. get in touch through our contact page now,
 
all items on our web site are quoted on a 4 hour hire.
*if you require a longer time this can be arranged at an extra price!*
 
call our friendly team: 0870 011 3993/0203 434 4457

















								4.8 out of 5 after 318 reviews
							











hey mike, just to say a massive thank you for last week. the christmas party was a huge success. i apologies for the last-minute request, but i greatly appreciate you going above and beyond to it..toni5.0dear mick (fundays ltd), on behalf of barking and dagenham college we would like to express our deepest appreciation for your participation in our college freshers fair on wednesday 18th october...dianna dawkins5.0hello me and michael would like to say a big thank you. everything went well and the guys where really good on the wedding evening. we are really happy with your service and will be recommending..emma harling5.0hi mick and team, just wanted to send a quick email to thank you and your team for helping us put on such a great event on saturday! your guys went above and beyond, especially in the heat!! they..ilm5.0thank you for your service today. the kids and staff had an excellent day. we would highly recommend. stevesteve5.0good morning, on behalf of the dmrc stanford hall officers’ mess, i wanted to pass on a big thank you for mick running the surf simulator for us on saturday eve. mick was really accommodating with..dmrc stanford5.0to mick, scott, caroline and dean sorry for the delay in this message – i was on leave for most of last week! i just wanted to say a massive thank you for all your help and support at our alumni..carly5.0hi mick, hope you’re well! just wanted to say a huge thank you for your services tuesday and yesterday, it was much appreciated. everyone loved the games and it was great to have so much variety..paige5.0morning mike i would like to thank you and your team for all the help and service you have provided. your team that attended were fast at setting up and professional throughout the whole day and i..kyle5.0afternoon, just wanted to reach out and thank you for friday! the activations were great, everyone loved them. big shout out to the two blokes who worked the event, friendly, lovely guys, we will..molly5.0hi mick, the main reason for me emailing however is to thank your company, and dean in particular, for helping to make the bazaar such a success. dean was so wonderful to work with, and couldn't -..andrea5.0i would just like to say a huge thank you to your team for the rodeo horse hire last weekend. your man with the horse was super efficient and everyone had a great time. thank you very muchkind regardspaula twinn5.0dear funday team, i am just emailing to ask that you pass on my thanks to the candy floss/popcorn operator that worked on our event on saturday at the fairmont hotel in windsor (forgive me but i a..emma, jamie and bruce5.0mick thank you so much for your help at infosecurity last week. sorry we didn’t get to say goodbye in person at the end of the show. it was so good to have you there to keep the entertainment on i..diane5.0hi there, just wanted to send a quick note to say thank you for coming to our event on sunday. it was great working with you! many thanks, alexandrabenenden school5.0just a short note to say thank you for once again providing the inflatables which are an integral part of the ptl programme, long may the connection continue. all the best for christmas and the..ptl5.0



mick thank you for last night. worked fun and everyone loved it! settled balance. happy christmas best nneil w5.0hi guys, just wanted to send a note to thank you very very much for the fun activities last night. the party was really epic and our team just loved being able to snowboard/ride the reindeer/ play..dixie m5.0hello, i just wanted to say thank you for saturday night. the whole evening was a real success. everybody has bruises and aches in places they didn't know existed! 😂😂 the man (sorry i can't his..debbie5.0hi mick just want to pass on my thanks to john for the rodeo bull yesterday. i know everyone really enjoyed it and we had a great event. thanks again, hannahhannah5.0thank you soo much for the help with the event yesterday, dean was amazing too. will definitely use you in the future and will be sure to recommend 😊 thanks once again,bertie5.0superb service, thanks so much!peter dunbar5.0these guys are the absolute best - service this weekend 10/10!karoline lundberg5.0hi i just wanted to say a big thank you for last night- the staff loved the reindeer rodeo! it was great fun and it’s lovely to see our staff enjoying themselves. many thanksruby knights5.0happy new year! i didn’t get a chance to email you before christmas but we were so pleased with ice rink on 7th december, thank you. the rink itself was lovely and clean and looked lovely in our..gemma - gdch5.0great service, always on time, never let us down in the 4 years we have used them. well worth a look.mick carroll5.0hi there, just wanted to say thank you for supplying the rodeo reindeer for our event on saturday evening. i’m so sorry i can’t recall the guy’s name (mick?) who was there but he was absolutely –..miah5.0hi mick i hope you are well! i just wanted to check in and say thank you for helping us out with the event yesterday scott was a pleasure to work with and everything was loaded in perfectly i hope..jessica5.0dear funday entertainment thank you for coming to the hawthorns school on saturday 30th november. the children really enjoyed the helter skelter and the basket ball hoops. the men with the were..hawthorns school5.0hi mick, just wanted to say thank you to scott for last week. he was lovely as usual and it was nice that all the other entertainers mucked in and helped each other out each evening. thanks again..belinda5.0hi mick, i just wanted to pop you an email to say thanks for the 2 games we hired on friday. these were very popular, in particular the reindeer racing. it was hilarious to watch and judging by of..jo white5.0hi, i just wanted to say thank you, the rodeo reindeer was great and my colleagues enjoyed themselves thoroughly. please could someone pass on my thanks to scott, he was amazing! kind regards, annekaanneka5.0



dear funday i just wanted to say a big thank you for supplying the helter skelter on 7th september at the hartfield fete. your guys were really happy and helpful and made the event much easier for..pippa yates5.0hi please pass the below onto michael. thanks for working my event on friday, really pleased j thanks again, alice.alice5.0hello everyone at funday! this is just to say that i was over the moon with the fantastic inflatable toxic assault course, and pirate bouncy castle that your company provided in july for our in up..sami guard5.0i put one in facebook but i'll just paste it on here as well. hired a mechanical sheep and it was great fun, the person controlling the sheep was a laugh and all the guests were lining up to jump..james p5.0hey mick and tony, i hope you are both well! i just wanted to say that the feedback we have had for yesterday’s event has been nothing but positive, with most people saying it was the best event a..bianca - lonza5.0just a little note to say thank you so much for all your hard work to make hudstock for deborah and family so wonderful. it was a huge success and we couldn’t have done it without you. hope to x..addo events5.0hello mick, i just wanted to say a huge thank you from all of us here at two penny blue, for sorting everything out for us at the weekend. i know it was probably one of your busiest weekends of so..two penny blue5.0dear mick on behalf of the msa many thanks for your teams contribution to the school fair. the day was amazing for all involved. kind regards ranju ghai msa secretaryranju ghai5.0hey mick, on behalf of the homerton may ball committee we would like to send a massive thanks to you for making our event so special on friday. our guests absolutely loved the flying carpet!  we..maybell5.0hi mick, the party went really well. scott was so accommodating and helpful. we all had a great time. the service we received from both you and scott was outstanding and we will definitely use for..yusin walter - mercure5.0mick - just wanted to say thanks for a great event yesterday. the outdoor activities were brilliant and the kids (and adults) all had a great time! best wishes, joel.joel greenwood5.0hi mick i just wanted to say a big thank you for all your help with this event. the games looked amazing and the guests loved playing them. best wishes jessiejessica - disney5.0hi just wanted to drop you a line to say thanks for all your efforts with the scout day on sunday. the team as usual were friendly helpful and efficient and the activities were great and enjoyed i..brian hobdon5.0hi a huge ‘thank you’ for supporting our event at donington park yesterday. please see our mds comments below. we really do appreciate all the ‘behind the scenes’ hard work and preparation that –..toyota uk5.0just wanted to say thank you very much for a great event last saturday. mick was absolutely brilliant and managed the whole afternoon so well for us - delivering just what we wanted. i appreciate..wimbledon village stables5.0were we on time?  yes how was our equipment?  excellent how were our staff?  excellent would you recommend us?  yesyour comments are appreciated:  i know there are great services out there, that a..rob bcsm5.0









who we are, and what we do



funday entertainment ltd is a well-established company with commitment to customer service, innovative ideas and 100% success in everything we do. over the years funday has worked for hundreds of top corporate companies. our standards and service are constantly monitored so we can keep up our high standards. all our equipment is checked before it leaves our premises.
our staff are smart, punctual, polite friendly people. whatever your ideas we can add our expertise to ensure that your event however big or small runs exactly how you imagined it. we also have a syndicate of companies we can also rely on for alternative equipment.
with over 200 different activities in stock we are guaranteed to have what you are looking for from bouncy castles to rodeo bull to surf simulators even giant scalextric hire - our list goes on like bungee runs, gladiator duels, sumo suit hire, giant games, candy floss & fun food, popcorn cart, ice cream carts, hot dog cart, even sweet carts!


we also have a great range of side stalls for hire from hoopla, ball in a bucket, tin can alley, coconut shy, splat the rat, cork shooting, darts, roll a penny. we are always purchasing new items we now have the largest bouncy mega slide in the uk called 'sky falls', we also own giant water slides and gyroscopes plus dunk tank. our list is neverending!
we are based in essex and deliver our units across london and the entire uk. we will quote any job - please use our online availability checker and quotation system to enter your details.
our office opening times are monday to friday 9am to 6pm - on saturday and sunday our office are closed but you can call this number any day - 0870 011 3993.
we now have our london office open on 0203 434 4455
“we look forward to speaking with you !”













































						all rights reserved 2025
						
						ice rinks uk



about us funday entertainmentaccess and stairsarchery hireassault courses hireaward ceremony photo boothbumper carz hirechocolate fountainchristmas corporate entertainment packagechristmas partiesdry hire t&c'semployee awards night entertainmentevent entertainment hire londonevent hire brightonevent hire cambridgeevent hire chelmsfordevent hire glastonburyevent hire oxfordevent hire readingevents for the sunshinefamily funday package ideasferris wheelsfind us onlinefor salefun games to hire for parties & eventsfunfair ideasgo karts hirehard standing t's & c'shire termshomeice rink hireindoor eventsindoor fun day inflatables ideaskids party hirelaser clay pigeon shootingluxury and black-tie award ceremony entertainmentnerf battle zoneoutdoor eventsoutdoor fun dayparty games and equipment hire essexpast eventsprivacy policyroller skating hiresafety documentssnow machine hirespiderman experiencesswansea event hiretea cup rideteam building ideasvenues & hallsvenues in londonvisit londonvisit uk fun fairswedding entertainment hire ideaswedding ideasabout usnewsour visiontestimonialscontactt&csexhibition game hireexhibition stand game hire londonexhibition stand games hirefaqsreviewsaward ceremony entertainment hirecorporate event hire - uk!fun fair hireareas we covercrash mats



booking online ltd

























