



jewishsilverspring home page



 






welcome to
			jewishsilverspring.org






home

location
area 
		minyanim

community calendar
kosher establishments
gemach resources
links of interest
local synagogues 
		and
		day schools
service referrals
silver spring eruv
wedding resources
view poll results
 

 
the purpose of this site is to provide information of interest to 
		jewish residents of the greater silver spring, md communities.

silver spring is an neighborhood located 
		in
		montgomery county, maryland. as of the
		2000 
		census, the neighborhood had a total population of 76,540.  our 
		communities include,
		
		kemp mill,
		
		white oak and
		
		woodside.
click here for the jewishsilverspring purim pages!
community calendar
to post an event in the community calendar please send an email to
		communitycalendar@jewishsilverspring.org
mail list subscription
to join our mailing list, please send an email to
		list-subscribe@jewishsilverspring.org.  to register a different 
		email address then the one at your current location use the
		register for mail 
		list page.

		some mailing list commands of interest:
list@jewishsilverspring.org 
		(send message to list.  must have already subscribed)
list-subscribe@jewishsilverspring.org (subscribe)
list-unsubscribe@jewishsilverspring.org (unsubscribe)
list-digest-subscribe@jewishsilverspring.org (delivers messages every 2 
		days)
list-digest-unsubscribe@jewishsilverspring.org (unsubscribe from digest)
list-index@jewishsilverspring.org (get a list of the last 100 message 
		headers)
list-get.45_67@jewishsilverspring.org (get messages 45_67 'note the 
		underscore' replace the numbers as needed)



note the following simple 
					rules for this list server:

be courteous at all times 
						
do not post anything that can be deemed offensive by 
						someone else 
						
this is not meant to be a forum for shul politics    
						
all topics that are of interest to a broad audience 
						are encouraged 
						
all non community posts must be posted with a 
						subject line that starts with ot:
be selective when replying to the list
share, share, share 


replies will only go to the poster of a message unless 
					you specifically choose to "reply to all" and thereby you 
					will reply to the list.




job assistance initiative


the rambam notes that the highest form 
		of tsedakah is to help one on the verge of financial ruin. over time, 
		assisting in finding one good job for one who is unemployed, in addition 
		to restoring that person's self esteem & morale, is equivalent to 
		raising hundreds of thousands of dollars.
looking for a job or have a job available or would like to list your 
		freelance services?  help us in our task.  
		go to 
		http://www.jobassist.org for more information 
about 
		the kemp mill employment 
		assistance initiative.
who to call in case you are the victim of 
		identity theft
1.) equifax:  1-800-525-6285
		2.) experian (formerly trw): 1-888-397-3742
		3.) trans  union: 1-800-680-7289
		4.) social security administration (fraud line):  1-800-269-0271
 
we will attempt to keep the site updated on a regular basis.
please refer all questions or comments to
		
		webmaster@jewishsilverspring.org.
visitors since sept 23, 2007
		 
 




