



culture of iran » home




















about this site | join our book club | about the author
 







 
 











 













 






enter your email address:  
























 





 



 




 


 




 


culture of iran 


 









 





 


welcome to culture of iran 





the events of the last three decades in iran have led to mass migration by the iranians to all continents including north america. this site is created to provide basic information on iranian culture, history and practices. it is intended for the general public interested in iranian culture and the second and third generation iranians growing up outside the country who are familiar with, but know little about the history, origins and philosophies of these traditions. generalizations are made and the festivals and rituals discussed are the most commonly practiced by the majority. the information below makes it easier to use the large number of articles placed on this site.
highlights of the most popular articles:

history, has two timelines and an a – z of iranian history & culture.

personal rituals, such as weddings, birthdays and death rituals are under culture and there is a one page summary on iranian weddings for print in both english and persian.

art, articles and links, provides direct access to the iranian collections in the major museums around the world, such as the louvre and the british museum amongst others.

persian cuisine has recipes for major dishes used for various occasions from weddings to mourning ceremonies.

national celebrations has detailed articles on pre and post islamic celebrations and rituals and there is a two page summary on nowruz that can be printed on both sides of one page.

religion has articles on the history of various religions of iran.

codes of behaviour covers child-parent relations and etiquette in iran.
gender relations, women section has 10 articles on women of iran from ancient to modern times, including a detailed list of historically significant women in iran from the 5th century bc to modern times. 






discover the great civilizations of the iranian plateau - from the burnt city in sistan & baluchistan in eastern iran to the splendor of the sasanian court in the legendary city of cteisphon in modern iraq.  





 











 


 







 
 



 





 





 



 











 history | culture & art | languages of iran | iranian names | art, articles & links | persian cuisine | national celebtrations of iran | religion | code of behavior | gender relations







copyrights 2006 cultureofiran.com
powered by » aesthetics




 



 







