




home | bob mazzolini racing








































































 

 


























 951-787-8783




log in

register











 


home
store
photo gallery

race cars
street cars
customer cars
engines
cars under construction


services
latest news
contact
 






search




home







   





   









   





   





   





   





   





   





   





high performance 
mopar parts


			bob mazzolini racing has everything you need! you've come to the right place for race cars, rear axles, suspension, ignition, and high performance mopar parts.


 view our store













 view our racecars
 






bob mazzolini
 expert classic mopar specialist - ask a question

view posts
ask question




			if you like going fast and want to go faster, chances are likely that you’ve spent time searching for someone that can help. after all, building an engine, or a whole car for that matter, is not something to be taken lightly. let us know things like how much your car weighs and what wheelbase you run. then we can get into specifics. maybe you want to use caltracs in the rear. maybe you need to stay with stock leaf springs. it’s likely you’re full of questions. how much preload on the caltracs? do i need a pinion snubber? does it make sense to grind my pyramids in front? should i run 90/10’s? what about 6 cylinder torsion bars? and how should they be adjusted? do i sit in the car during alignment?		





shop products
you've come to the right place for race cars, racing engines, performance transmissions, rear axles, suspension, ignition, and high performance mopar parts.










merchandise







electrical







shop equipment







engines







exhausts







fuel systems







ignition







transmissions







rear axle







steering







suspension







brakes







body parts







cooling







lubricants







jeep







 






brands
certified dealer









































































































more about us
we're the race winners that help you win races

when you call, just tell us about your car and how fast you want it to go. we’ll do most of the thinking and talking after that. of course the more you know about your car, the better we can help. but, no matter what, we’re here to make things easy.






 race cars
 racing engines
 performance transmissions




 bullet-proof rear axles
 responsive suspensions
 powerful ignitions








read more about us
 


 






our services
we build...










racecars
we built them for us. we won. have us build one for you. watch what happens. simple as that. talk to us about buying a ready-to-race car, or consult with us about having one made new.  









racing engines
breathe new life into an old 392. run a 360 that outperforms your buddy’s 440. make your 426 hemi drive circles around today’s 6.4 liter. heck. have us build you a new 6.4 that stomps them all.









performance transmissions
handle your new-found big power with bob mazzolini racing a-833’s and torqueflight a-727’s. and if old-school isn’t for you, we know a thing or two about nag1’s and tr-6060’s, as well. 









bullet-proof rear axles
talk to us about ready-to-install rear axles and all the parts that go inside. your source for mopar yoke kits, u-joints, ring and pinion sets, aluminum carriers, clutch kits, bearings, and crush sleeves.









responsive suspensions
 put power to the ground with suspension parts and advice from bob mazzolini racing. we’ve got drag race shocks, power to manual steering adapters, bushings, torsion bars, frame connectors, spring mounts, shackles, and more. 









powerful ignitions
get everything you need to ignite the fuel you’re going to run. we can equip you with mechanical and vacuum advance distributors, advance weight springs, timing curve adjustment kits, caps, rotors, wires, and more. 













our racecars







our street cars







customer cars







engines















testimonials
a few words from our customers






						just wanted to make a post on the great experience we had with mazzolini. i have bought pro parts headers from him in the past and he has always been great to deal with. i was in the market for a set of indy 360-1 heads and rockers. i called him last monday and told him i was interested in the indy 360-1 kit. he convinced me to go with the indy heads but use t&d rockers. i got the parts from him the same week u.p.s. everything looks great and he was a couple hundred dollars cheaper than anyone!!! great guy to do business with and does what he says. nice for a change!!!						

dakuda - customer




						when i was assembling my 416 rocker assembly i discovered that my rockers wouldn't work with my new roller springs/retainers. this was a saturday afternoon. i called mazzolini racing to see if they had anything in stock that would clear the new springs. even though the shop was closed bob answered the call that was automatically routed to his cell phone. he told me that he would meet me at the shop which is about a 20 minute drive from my house-so off i went. i came home with exactly what i needed and was able to finish the job that day. he is a great guy and gets most of my mopar business.						

bobr - customer




						theres a reason why his business name is on the windshield of our car. moparmuscle magazine and popular hotrodding let the decal stay on the windshield for the photoshoots because they both know that bob is a great guy to deal with. bobs shop builds great engines also.						

rcpunk - customer




						have a mopar? want to go fast ? see bob. he is the most educated person in the world when it comes to going fast in a mopar. has a wide selection of race parts and knows how you should apply them. bob will steer you in the right direction and will not let you waste your money on parts that just do not work.so if you want to feel those goose bumps on the back of your neck when you step on the gas go see bob mazzolini!!!						

bartd - customer




						what impressed me with him is you talk to him. he talked to me like he knows me. asked what kind of car we had and just cut-up with me on the phone. little different than dealing with....say *** @ indy....						

dkdownsouth - customer








latest news
for the dodge, plymouth, chrysler, mopar high performance enthusiast







pro parts a-body big block step headers are back! tti exclusive!
may 28, 2020
						pro parts a-body big block step headers are back for a limited time. these big block step-headers are for a-body, 2" to 2-1/8" and are made exclusively for us at bob mazzolini racing, by tti...					

read more







1968 plymouth cuda ss/ah 426 hemi
november 8, 2018
						this car has won national events at las vegas and at brainard mn, both in superstock.  las vegas with bob mazzolini driving and brainard with new owner eric bell.

car has run 8.60's at m...					

read more







bob mazzolini wheels up at fontana raceway
october 5, 2019
						﻿

we were out testing again on sunday, november 4th at fontana, with our valiant test car.  remember this is a 383 block w/440 crank and built mostly for 383 roadrunner's, superbee's e...					

read more












home
online store
ebay store
sitemap
services
contact



 our newsletter 





please leave this field empty.


follow us


right now on ebay








bob mazzolini racing ©2016. all rights reserved. website design by dwg scripts 










 
































