







sword training with shihan dana abbott



















































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerlearn the sword with shihan dana abbottjapanese sword training with shihan dana abbotthome
tutorial
practice

cutting through the mystery
daily sword tips
training in japan


training

course overview
why toyama-ryu
zanshin
corporate training


products

samurai training program
japanese swordsmanship package
training manuals


about

shihan dana abbott
testimonials about shihan abbott


contact
account

my account
signup
log in


 


japanese sword training
black belt hall of famer, shihan dana abbott, is a renowned expert in japanese swordsmanship and sword training.
he travels worldwide conducting intensive one-on-one and group, single and multi-day, “hands on”
practical application workshops along with teaching various kata, combatives and traditional techniques. 
learnthesword.com is designed as an instructional aide built around shihan’s tried and true
intensive sword training courses where he instructs the practical side and application of toyama-ryu as learned in japan. 

to schedule an intensive sword training course, cutting seminar or practical application workshop  contact shihan dana abbott directly.
contact shihan abbott
course overview

online sword training and more
samurai programonline sword training
online sword training offers unlimited access to videos and tutorials detailing sword techniques. program covers wood, bamboo, synthetics, and steel for long sword. see program

japanese swordsmanship package
this japanese swordsmanship package is a separate training package from the online samurai training program offered on this website. this program is completely offline. see package

samurai ranking and training manuals
these manuals include tachi-iai: toyama-ryu iai-batto-do, kodachi-iai (short sword course manual) and the samurai sword: introduction and application. see manuals

shihan dana abbott
i am shihan dana abbott, 7th degree black belt, and an expert in kenjutsu, japanese swordsmanship and sword training.
study toyama-ryu with shihan
i lived in japan for 15 years during the showa era attending the best swordsmanship schools in japan. i teach toyama-ryu iai batto do.
over the years i have been asked these very prevalent questions, what was it like learning kenjutsu from the great sword masters in japan for all those years? can you give me a few pointers on how to master a technique? what do you mentally think about during practice?
i answered these questions in the five books i wrote and published on swordsmanship explaining the basics all all the way through the fine details involved in sword technique. i also traveled throughout the world demonstrating and teaching the techniques i’d gained through decades of cutting and sparring.
now, learnthesword.com brings all of my expertise to you, allowing me to view your sword work, critique it and help you polish your techniques.



japanese sword training without leaving home

you don't have to travel to japan or anywhere else in the world to get  japanese sword training. you can get sword training in your own home with shihan dana abbott through the university of martial arts, here on learnthesword.com.
even if you live in the outback of australia, if you have internet access, you can get sword training online with one of the best japanese sword instructors in the world, shihan dana abbott.





why you'll love our sword training program


watch on different devices any time
watch on different devices including tablets, phones, computers or tvs and train at your own convenience, day or night, week day or weekend.



high resolution videos and training manual
videos are high resolution so you can even watch them on your tv. all text and videos are online so you do not need to use a separate training manual.



access to your instructor
you aren't left on your own to simply watch videos, you have access to your instructor.



other products
you can purchase other training products by shihan dana abbott to help you on your training journey.

"just forget everything you’ve seen in the movies and forget everything you think you know!
master dana abbott can show you the true path of the sword in a easy no nonsense way!
it has been my honor and pleasure to know master abbott and train with him for over 10 years!
i highly recommend his program whether you’re interested in just learning the sword for fun,or a serious professional like myself, this is the program for you!
- sensei john mcgonigle sr.martial arts hero factory
watch videos on many devices

sword training for a dollar a day
$30 a month

if you follow the guidelines, lectures and labs in the samurai sword training package,you will learn everything from basic technique to advanced ritual and protocol.

all you have to do is…

watch the sword training videos and read the materials.
practice the prescribed tasks, techniques and protocol.
demonstrate the techniques in a progress video.
review the critiqued progress video and continue to practice.


start sword training
testimonials

i have known shihan dana abbott for over 20 years and he is a good friend and amazing martial artist. in my opinion he is one of the best swordsmen alive today and a true teacher."  


mark shuey


dana abbott is without doubt one of the preeminent iaido sword masters and teachers of our time. his vision and sincere concern for the development of his students and the advancement of the arts are, in my opinion, second-to-none."  


stephen f. kaufman


i have spent many years training with the sword in the us and in japan with many great teachers. i must say that dana abbot shihan is one of the best practitioners and instructors i have seen."  


dane harden, colonel


the university of martial arts
learn the sword is part of the university of martial arts
the university of martial arts, developed by martial arts enterprises,
is online learning where students and instructorsof the martial arts come together to expand their martial knowledge.we provide every avenue available to facilitate learning.online video training allows students to practice what they are being taughtwith more proficiency and online access to training materials,including videos, course manuals and books, enhances martial arts training.
more info
mae newsletter sign up
about dana abbott
shihan abbott, 7th degree black belt is an expert in kenjutsu, iaido, batto-do, tameshigiri, japanese swordsmanship.


sword training . . .
if you are serious about japanese sword training, you've come to the right place and to the right instructor!

follow us on social media!
emailfacebooklinkedintwitteryoutube
copyright © 2025 · university of martial arts · log in











