









us performing arts - dance camps,theater camps,film camps,acting camps









































































georgetown university
stanford university
pepperdine university
about

about uspa
all locations
all programs

acting
dance
film & media
musical theater


contact us
faq
news


 





select page


  
 



 



 













join our mailing list for our best discounts – save 15%!dream…create…collaborate! acting, musical theater, dance and digital media summer camp workshops designed with you in mind. it’s all about the artistic craft and the creative process. join the next generation of artists next summer.
join mailing list








acting for stage and screenlearn the art of performance.
acting programs








musical theaterlearn from professional teaching artists from broadway and national touring companies.
theater programs








dance, dance, dance!train for a career as a professional dancer.
dance programs








camp locationswe offer our camps at several university locations.
program locations










top tier camps
we provide a wide range of performing arts and digital media workshops. choose your camp!









    acting
  








    musical theater
  










    film & media
  








    dance
  








beautiful campuses
us performing arts delivers an unsurpassed learning experience. students experience top-tier college living with coaching from hollywood and broadway teaching artists.





view locations







see what industry leaders, students, and parents are saying about us performing arts camps







 







parent


 "i can't thank you enough for providing this opportunity for the students to get first-hand professional experience in the fields that they are dreaming of pursuing. it is such a valuable experience. attending the course at a first rate university was also inspiring and helpful to making my high school student feel ready for college."  








student — alex r


 "without uspa and all of their help, i really don't believe that i would have been accepted into the tisch school of the arts at nyu (my first choice college)."  








staff — mary lou belli


 "performing arts is a fantastic camp where students learn from professionals...so not only is the information the pros impart straight and from their studio experience but the students get the anecdotes and insider info....only known by those who do it for a living then choose to share it during their summers."  








actor — tate m


 "i booked my first big la job!  although i can’t talk about the project, i can tell you it’s a big movie with a very big director. i wanted to take time to thank uspa because i discovered how much i love acting through my summer workshops in acting for the camera with mary lou belli and charlie dougherty."  








student — anna


 "it was an amazing experience. i learned a lot about the college theatre audition process. and it made me less nervous for them. i applied for 9 colleges and had to audition for all of them, but the workshop prepared me mentally and physically."  








parent — rachel m


 "thank you, uspa for such an incredible program!  i left every summer a changed person with new knowledge and insight about my craft and the business."  


 







learn from talentedworking artists.



us performing arts delivers an unsurpassed learning experience. students experience top-tier college living with coaching from hollywood and broadway teaching artists.














sign up to receive our newsletter and stay up to date with uspa.



subscribe



 







 

415 924 6442 / contact
join us on social media
























our programs acting
dance
film & media
musical theater
all programs
 
covid-19 updates

locationsgeorgetown university
pepperdine university
stanford university
virtual workshops
about uspaabout us
contact us
news
faq
travel information
college credit
typical day schedule
what’s included
registration / cancellation policy
 




 copyright © 2019 us performing arts. all rights reserved.privacy policy / site by acacia carr
 

 
 
 
 

















