
















the air barrier association of america (abaa) | home

































































































 
twitter
facebook
linkedin
googleplus
stumbleupon


1600 boston-providence hwy walpole, ma 02081 +1 866-956-5888 +1 866-956-5819 abaa@airbarrier.org
















primary menu
home
programs

quality assurance program (qap)

qap overview
about our qap
qap calculator
qap award winners
qap project spotlight
qap manufacturer supporter


certified air barrier specialists (cabs)

cabs overview
faq
cabs study resources
contact your cabs
exam day: what to expect


whole building airtightness program (wbap)

training
certification
level i certification
level ii certification
wba technician search
faq




about abaa

abaa board of directors
abaa management team
committees
member spotlight
news
contact us


newsletters
why join the abaa

why join abaa?
why join? – contractors
membership application
contractor accreditation

qap administrator


installer certification


events

abaa education
industry events
training courses
abaa committees calls
ceu webinars


education

education overview
installer courses
auditor courses
whole building airtightness technician program
continuing education

online education
abaa learning unit cafe
air barrier rodeo
lunch & learns
abaa approved speakers




technical information

articles

abaa articles
abaa contractor tips
abaa position papers
industry articles


abaa technical notes
project master specification
abaa standards
evaluated assemblies & barriers

evaluated air barrier assemblies

listings
get evaluated


evaluated air and water-resistive barriers

listings
get evaluated


evaluated water-resistive barriers

listings
get evaluated




glossary
whole building air tightness testing
abaa research projects
energy savings and moisture transport calculator

nist infiltration




search members

member organizations
certified air barrier specialists
wba technician search


conference
 
 





a knowledge-basedcertification programlearn morewhole building airtightness technician programenergy 
savings 
calculatorlearn moreenergy savings and moisture transport calculatorenergy 
savings 
calculatorin conjunction with oak ridge national laboratory (ornl) and the national institute of science and technology (nist), we are very excited to provide this new resource to the industry to help quantify energy savings based on the use of air barriers and increasing the airtightness of buildings.learn moreour q.a.p.our q.a.p.what our quality assurance program means for air barrierslearn morelearn moreabaa educationcome see what hundreds of design professionals like you have already benefited from!see events









welcome to the air barrier association of america
we are the national voice of the air barrier industry in america. we do air barriers right for energy efficiency, better buildings and healthier communities.









our mission
“to work together with our membership, industry, and trade to be the recognized voice for air barrier knowledge.”
the air barrier association of america (abaa) was incorporated in the state of massachusetts in 2001 and consists of stakeholders in the building enclosure industry. such stakeholders include manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, architects, engineers, contractors, researchers, testing & audit agencies, consultants and building owners. abaa is focused on leading the industry into the future in a progressive and professional manner. we are the national voice of the air barrier industry in america. we welcome you to learn more about abaa, what we stand for and what we believe in.


 learn more





view a short video of abaa: who we are and what we do





education
abaa offers a series of aia accredited courses designed to offer continuing education to architects, engineers, building consultants and other industry members on air barrier considerations ranging from introductory seminars to advanced details.
the air barrier association of america (abaa) is the center of excellence in the air barrier industry. the association is a non-profit group of stakeholders in the construction marketplace, focused on promoting the use and benefits of air barrier systems, educating the public about air barrier systems and developing a professional air barrier specialty trade and industry dedicated to the installation of effective air barrier systems in buildings on a nationwide scale. we invite you to learn more about our educational programs and training for air barrier professionals.


 learn more see all upcoming courses


technical information
an air barrier system is a system of building assemblies within the building enclosure—designed, installed and integrated in such a manner as to stop the uncontrolled flow of air into and out of the building enclosure.


 project master specifications evaluated air barrier assemblies evaluated air and water-resistive barrier assemblies evaluated water barrier assemblies


the value of membership








 join abaa


latest news


     april 3, 2024   request for proposal: updating of the air barrier systems in buildings document of the whole building design guide 
     march 26, 2024   request for proposal for graphic standardization and drafting of branded details 
     july 28, 2022   request for proposal for air leakage finder and fixer training program 
     july 21, 2022   call for abstracts – 2023 abaa building enclosure conference 
     may 6, 2021   one new director appointed for a three-year term 
     may 6, 2021   six directors approved for re-appointment to a three-year term 
     march 9, 2021   call for abstracts – wagdy anis symposium on building science 2021 
     march 9, 2021   request for proposal development of materials and systems for an ansi accredited standards developer (asd) 
     march 5, 2021   abaa virtual town hall – april 13, 2021 
     march 5, 2021   csi north central regional award – air barrier association of america (abaa) 
     december 22, 2020   abaa virtual awards ceremony 
     december 22, 2020   fellowship award – russell snow 
     december 22, 2020   fellowship award – craig wetmore 
     november 20, 2020   record year for the abaa 
     november 19, 2020   supporting the building envelope campaign initiative 
     november 18, 2020   blower door technician training program and technical reference manual and whole building airtightness testing certification program 
     november 17, 2020   abaa town hall 
     november 16, 2020   press release: new program announcement 





2024 statistics
abaa by the numbers




0members0abaa specified projects0certified & registered installers0individuals trained

















twitter
facebook
linkedin
googleplus
stumbleupon







contact us

 
























newslettersign up to get interesting news and updates delivered to your inbox.


 































by submitting this form, you are granting the air barrier association of america permission to email you. you may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (see our email privacy policy for details.) emails are serviced by constant contact.

contact info1600 boston-providence hwy walpole, ma 02081phone: +1 866-956-5888fax: +1 866-956-5819email: abaa@airbarrier.orgwebsite: https://www.airbarrier.orgabaa newsletters stay up to date with everything abaa.
read more.
manufacturer’s media kit


copyright © air barrier association of america 2020.



please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility 












































