




dowsing tools, tips, techniques, classes















      follow @diviningmind























about us
privacy policy
contact us
conditions of use





      shopping cart 





            dowsing - tools, tips, resources, classes 
                    for the beginners and the pros



        welcome to divining mind
dowsing is where quantum physics meets with mysticism, still 
        impossible to measure with scientific instruments, only accessible to 
        our intuition. imagine a device where pendulum movement in the hand of a 
        dowser is an equivalent of a needle on a meter used to measure subtle 
        energy not detected by other senses.

        here is a short list of areas that dowsing can be used: 

finding water - this is the most traditional way of using dowsing, 
          also known as witching or divining. search for gold and minerals - 
          this also include oil and gas dowsing and is quite widely used. some 
          oil companies won’t admit they hire dowsers to locate rich oil 
          deposits.
finding lost objects or missing people.
detecting geopathic zones. again - this is a growing field. did 
          you know that several european countries won’t give you building 
          permit without testing for geopathic zones?
finding water or gas mains or finding leaks
sexing unhatched eggs - this one requires some skills and a way to 
          neutralize the dowsing tool and the spot to avoid the shadow effect 
          that can skew your results.
dowsing stock market - a bit controversial - from what i gathered 
          you can get better results dowsing trends. it’s hard to find out the 
          truth - i don’t think successful stock market dowsers would share 
          their techniques with the public for obvious reasons-
dowsing fruit and vegetables for freshness and contaminants - 
          irradiated, sprayed or otherwise treated food will give very low life 
          force reading.
testing supplements for compatibility with your body.
testing for mineral deficiencies or surplus.
adjusting charkas - for spin rate, direction, opening ratio, etc.
 
          this is not by any means a complete list of areas that dowsing can be 
          used - it’s limited only by our imagination. 

hi, i am chris gozdzik, i have been a dowser for over 30 years and 
        helping dowsers online since 1998. to date, we have assisted 1000's of 
        satisfied customers. 

        you will find here a large selection of quality pendulums and divining 
        rods as well as crystals and subtle energy devices for sale for the 
        discriminating water and mineral dowser, alternative healing 
        practitioner, holistic physician, spiritual counselor or distant healer.
have you ever had a feeling that something was going to happen and it 
        did happened some time later? have you ever known who is calling before 
        the phone rang? those are the things that we call "gut feeling", "little 
        voice" or intuition. in a proper state of mind, we can access 
        information that is not available to us through our conscious mind.

dowsing, also known as 
        rhabdomancy, witching, divination, dousing, doodlebugging, radiesthesia, 
        is an art and a science that allows you to detect vibrations that are 
        not detectable by any scientific instruments. in the past, it was used 
        mostly to find water and now it is greatly expanded and covers almost 
        every aspect of human life.






 





store


forum


resources


site map











            subscribe to dowsing updates







email:




name:



password:




 




 








you can be 
          assured of the quality of our tools - we offer a 100% satisfaction 
          guarantee. it's like a test drive - if you don't like it for any 
          reason, you can return it for a full refund or exchange. because we 
          dowse with the tools we sell, we are in a unique position to give you 
          advice and answer your questions. 

basic dowsing is asking questions and 
          getting answers determined by a certain kind of movement of a 
          dowsing pendulum. the operator him- or herself is a necessary part 
          of the system. you can dowse with a variety of devices - different 
          kinds of pendulums and divining rods, you can even use your own 
          body in "deviceless dowsing". 

          it can be used for variety of tasks, from serching for water and 
          minerals, missing people or lost objects, to checking health issues 
          and sending subtle vibrations over distance. pendulum dowsing is 
          becoming a technique of choice for alternative health practitioners.
          








shipping & returns /
      privacy notice / 
      conditions of use / contact us
all our prices are in us 
      dollars
      copyright © 1998- divining mind radiesthetic 
      supplies. all rights reserved.
















videos

















