



filmswords.com - replicas of swords and armor from movies, tv, literature 
and fantasy art








 authenticated 
  and exacting re-creations of swords and armor made famous in film, television, 
  literature and fantasy art.









 





 


 



 


 
                    special pricing and development programs
      for film and stage companies
      (email for details)







 



 

we 
                      don't have an eternity to realize our dreams, 
                      only the time we are here.
                      -- susan taylor





 

our 
                      truest life is when we are in our dreams awake. 
                      -- henry david thoreau (1817 - 1862)





 

keep 
                      true to the dreams of thy youth. 
                      -- friedrich von schiller (1759 - 1805)



 
 


 

bringing 
                      dreams to life

film swords is proud to bring you accurate, 
                      licensed and authenticated swords and armor from film, literature 
                      and fantasy art -- the stuff that fired your imagination 
                      and fueled your childhood dreams. 

                      not just replicas or "look-alikes," but exact, definitive 
                      re-creations that are fully functional. 
                      

                      we make them in limited editions of hundreds and thousands, 
                      not hundreds of thousands. by investing in one of our pieces, 
                      you are joining an elite world-wide group of discriminating 
                      collectors that demand the very best. 

                      our pieces take longer and cost more to create - both in 
                      r&d and in production. as craftspeople and fans ourselves, 
                      we allow no compromises. everything you see here is hand-made 
                      in the u.s.a., right here in our workshops. 

                      wherever possible, the original artists that created the 
                      film pieces or artwork are actively involved (and receive 
                      royalties), and all cast fittings and specifications are 
                      taken from original props and molds. 

                      yes, our pieces are more expensive than your run-of-the-mill 
                      mass-produced replicas. we don't apologize for that, because 
                      as the saying goes, "you get what you pay for." (we do offer 
                      easy payment plans.)

                      the one common thread throughout all of the testimonials 
                      we have received from our customers has been, "you have 
                      made my dream come true." that is what we strive for in 
                      everything we make.
we 
                      love what we do -- and you will too. 
amy 
                      and howy 
                      albion/film swords 
















 

 





 





 




film 
                          swords news... 
see 
                          our news page for 
                          more... just click on the tab above...







now you can reserve any  item on layaway! 
you asked for it - you got it! 
                          we've now made it easier to reserve one of our limited edition swords before they run out.
go here for more information and set up a payment plan today!

                          gift certificates 
                          -- perfect for any occasion!
if you are uncertain which of 
                          our products would suit the person you have in mind, 
                          an albion (good for jody samson or film swords merchandise 
                          as well) gift certificate could be the answer!
                          call 1-888-806-helm (4356) or email mike 
                          at albion 
                          customer service.









 





 

manufacturer 
                    and retailer of authenticated and exacting recreations of 
                    swords and armor from the finest european museums and private 
                    collections




 
 


 





 

... i have just received my albion arn sword with a custom scabbard & belt made by christian fletcher. i am in a sound state characterized in awe. i have seen this sword in the movie, & i have also seen it online; but to actually see & hold it in person can only be described as motivational inspiration! 
this is a sword truly fit for a templar lord. simply magnificent! 
the craftsmanship that is put into your creations is amazing. you guy's are connoisseur's, & make swords specifically for a connoisseur collector. 
the handling, the detail, the fit & finish, & the fact that all of your swords are fully functional; is superb! 
if & when the apocalypse comes, & there happens to be survivors living in a post apocalyptic world; eventually guns & ammunition are going to run out due to it not being produced any longer. we would have to take it back to the ways of the sword; & what better way to take it, than with an albion...
i have one more albion sword in the works right now with christian fletcher for a custom project using the knight blade; when that one is done, there shall be another! many blessings to eveyone over there, especially to peter johnsson for giving mike & the albion staff the idea's to recreate historical masterpieces.
--valentino


                    dreams can come true...
...you must give my true best to lars, and my profound thanks, howy! 
that covered, howy, you know that your dream, the dream that has become albion itself, is one of the most important dreams in today's world. 
here's what i mean: knighthood, the honorable warrior, it has been mankind's dream since time immemorial. but, like pagan gods who lose their followings (and don't all gods who lose their followings become pagans, having lost their divinity), the dream of the honorable warrior was in very real risk of mere mythical status. albion, by giving us true, battle ready swords, empowers us to reawaken our own inner warrior each day we wield one of your fine instuments.... 
i'll tell you this, howy, the honorable warrior in me owes no man more for my dream than i owe you - well, you and mike sigman, and your entire team of dream masters. 

1. when frank frazetta painted it [bloodstone], it was his dream, and he brought it to life on canvas. 

2. then the masters at albion studied his painting and it became their dream. they completed and posted their dream made real, and it became my dream to own one.... 

3. my dream came true yesterday, and later today i'll post a couple of photo albums showing my dream sword's arrival and first use outside! 

so, i say again, dreams can come true. 
- pasquale 

                    ...i 
                    received my arn 
                    sword yesterday. 
                    while i have numerous swords in my collection (gen 2, hanwei 
                    and windless), this sword is by far the best sword that i 
                    have seen and wielded to date. 
                    the weight and balance is perfect. the workmanship is fantastic. 
                    
                    i do understand that you get what you pay for, but this really 
                    exceeded my expectations. i’ll be looking at albion swords 
                    more closely in the future. 
                    thank you, 
-- michael m. 

                    ... i just received the father's sword.. awesome. it's beyond 
                    cool... it's super cool. thank everybody for me. it will take 
                    it's place along side the atlantean and the martian longsword, 
                    oh how sweet it is. when the funds are ready i will be placing 
                    an order for the discerner! if for any reason you guys stop 
                    making those or taking orders for them etc let me know or 
                    throw my order in for me,hahaha! i'm going to get it eventually, 
                    just want to make sure it doesn't disappear on me before i 
                    have the chance. thanks again for everything.
-- bryan

                    ...hey mike just got the [atlantean] sword today... 
wow! 
                    i just want to applaud you and your crew for the fine craftsmanship 
                    you have so painstakingly put into these blades. 
                    this is an amazing sight to behold. 
                    you have taken my childhood dreams and turned it into reality. 
                    i was in such awe when i first opened that box. it's really 
                    nice to know that i have one of the last few pieces that were 
                    in production. 
                    this has become my greatest treasure (next to my bible and 
                    faith). 
                    thank you so much again for bringing so much joy into my life. 
                    it was well worth the wait. 
                    p.s. i've had the conan soundtrack going non stop! lol 
-- darin s. 

                    ...just wanted to drop you a note that i got the frazetta 
                    john carter warlord of mars longsword as realized by mr. samson. 
                    it's a real beauty. it handles in the hand fantastic. i have 
                    to be cautious with this sword in particular because it's 
                    actually quite long and super sharp. the gentle upswept curve 
                    moves the point around much more than i would have expected 
                    also. definitely a finesse weapon. this sword is calling out 
                    for either a nice scabbard and "jewel-encrusted" harness system 
                    or a nice presentation display stand. it really is quite impressive. 
                    imagining john carter using this weapon or defending dejah 
                    thoris is satisfying on so many levels i can't even tell you. 
                    thanks and kudos to all of you that made this possible!
-- eric chin 

...holy 
                    god mike! you said this sword was great, but i wasn't expecting 
                    this. i got the martian longsword yesterday, and i have to 
                    tell you, i'm impressed, greatly. the blade is a few inches 
                    longer than a european longsword i have, but the weight is 
                    mainly in the hand, and not in the blade. i was a little leery 
                    about buying a sword that's so expensive, but i am very glad 
                    i did. albion and jody samson have earned my gratitude, and 
                    any extra, hard-earned cash i may have on hand... thanks a 
                    million to you also, mike. were it not for your earnesty and 
                    dedication, i doubt albion would be where it's at today. my 
                    thanks go out to everyone who worked on my sword, and any 
                    one else’s sword who forgot to put in a thank you, you make 
                    childhood dreams, and even adult dreams for that matter, a 
                    reality while letting us keep our homes. have a great day, 
                    week, or what have you, and keep up the amazing work! 
-- james lyon 

                    ...hi just got my conan atlantean 
                    sword today. 
                    outstanding, my heart swelled with joy on opening the wooden 
                    box wow!!!! what a, astonishingly beautiful magnificent piece, 
                    it truly is a work of art. then to actually pick it up and 
                    hold it, woo!!!! boy is she heavy, i wasn’t expecting that, 
                    fantastic. my forearms are really humming after swinging it 
                    about or a while. 
                    the more i handle her, the more i love it, and it just doesn’t 
                    get any better than this. well apart from getting married 
                    and having your first child. but it’s up there. 
                    i cannot praise you guys enough, thank you so very much for 
                    making the dream come true, for me and so many other people. 
                    
                    may the road rise up to meet you. may the wind be always at 
                    your back. may the sun shine warm upon your face. may your 
                    beard grow long and have many hamsters. and may you be in 
                    heaven an hour before the devil knows your there. 
                    i am so proud to be the owner of one of these fabulous swords. 
                    thanks to everyone involved. 
-- paul malone, n. ireland  

 the vic 
                    anselmo sword: beautiful. sleek. deadly. 
                    there is something about this sword that speaks "perfection" 
                    every element of the sword is in harmony with the others. 
                    
                    the blade shape is gorgeous -- the gentle sweep of the long 
                    blade melds perfectly into the pseudo-scimitar end with it's 
                    additional false edging. it wants to be swung. 
                    the craftsmanship is excellent. the lines are clean, the fit 
                    is tight, and the walnut grip is sumptuous. in a word, "perfection." 
                    
                    perhaps as others have said you just have to hold one in your 
                    hands to truly realize it. i have owned, and will own, other 
                    more ornate swords, with more exotic materials. in fact, i 
                    am awaiting an atlantean right now. yet, i think this sword 
                    will always be one of my true favorites. 
-- rich reading 


...we picked up the father's 
                    sword and i was floored by the packaging, and upon opening 
                    the packaging, i was stunned by the quality and workmanship 
                    of the sword. 
                    i never expected it to be soooo good.
                    it is just like the image on the website, and after a less 
                    than satisfactory previous experience [with another company], 
                    believe me, it was such a relief to view such a magnificent 
                    piece of art. 
                    a superlative piece of work. thank you everyone at albion 
                    armorers. 
                    dreams do come true. 
-- jerry 


 
see 
                    more customer testimonials


 



top100webshops.com




please 
          note: film swords recreations are not intended for use as a weapon. 
          
          any such use voids all warranties and no liability of any kind for such 
          use can be assumed by film swords, llc or its licensors.




website 
    design copyright © 2003 by albion armorers, inc. 
    this site and all pages and images contained therein unless otherwise indicated 
    are property of albion armorers international, inc 
    and cannot be reproduced or used without our express permission. 
site designed 
    by howard waddell, maintenance and principal photography by leif 
    hansen 

filmswords llc is an albion 
    armorers international company



 



