


gryphon on the dallas cowboys

































wednesday, may 26, 2010



	 
	 jones hints barber will be cowboys' no. 1 rb
	 
    


http://abclocal.go.com/wls/story?sec...fl&eid=5220082jerry jones indicates that there's no reason marion barber shouldn't be the cowboys' starting running back.irving, texas -- dallas cowboys owner/general manager jerry jones, who has publicly questioned whether marion barber would be better returning to a reserve role, indicated tuesday that he sees no reason for the running back's role to change.jones had previously stated the concern that using barber as a starter might limit his effectiveness at the end of games. jones said in march that the cowboys were considering making felix jones the starter.however, jones strongly hinted tuesday that barber's starting job is secure. "i know this: he looks quicker," jones said at the nfl owners' meetings. "i think that is going to make him even more effective. he's just in great shape. he looks as good out here just in these initial practices as i've seen him look in his career. you could easily go from there and look at what his role might be, and it'd certainly be on par with anything he's done."barber became a starter after signing a seven-year, $45 million contract before the 2008 season. the cowboys drafted felix jones and tashard choice that year to complement barber, who earned a pro bowl trip as a reserve by rushing for a career-high 975 yards the previous season.barber's productivity has dropped since he became a starter. he has averaged 4.0 yards per carry and rushed for a total of 14 touchdowns over the last two seasons, when he was nagged by a variety of injuries. he averaged 4.8 yards per carry and rushed for a total of 24 touchdowns the previous two seasons."i think the real question is, should he be finishing rather than beginning?" jerry jones said on krld-fm in december. "in his pro bowl year, where he had his best year, [barber was] finishing the game. if you recall, julius jones started the game. we injected the quickness of his speed there early."that would be the issue. it's not a question of starting as much as it is, when do you use barber at his best? there are a lot of people, prominent people who know barber well, who feel like he would be better served used to finish the game than really used a lot at the start."felix jones, the cowboys' first-round pick in 2008, has been a dynamic playmaker with durability issues during his first two nfl seasons. jones averaged 6.5 yards per carry but missed 12 games due to hamstring, toe and knee injuries.he provided the cowboys evidence down the stretch of the 2009 season that he can handle a heavier workload. he had double-digit carries in the final six games, including the postseason. that run was highlighted by his 16-carry, 148-yard, one-touchdown performance in the playoff win over the philadelphia eagles. the cowboys relied on jones because barber was dealing with quadriceps, thumb and knee injuries.barber still got the biggest share of the carries over the course of the season despite having the worst average among the team's running backs. he led the cowboys with 932 yards on 214 carries. jones rushed for 685 yards on 116 carries, and choice rushed for 349 yards on 64 carries."we're in really good shape there," jerry jones said. "we've just got to plan on before it's over using three backs. i think it will bear out that way."tim macmahon covers the cowboys for espndallas.com you can follow him on twitter or leave a question for his weekly mailbag.



posted by the gryphon at 6:28 am






tuesday, may 25, 2010



	 
	 roy williams on dez bryant: 'the dude is scary; a man amongst boys'
	 
    


by david moore  http://cowboysblog.dallasnews.comsome have dismissed roy williams as delusional with his comments this off-season.he's not. the spirit of what williams has to say is often taken the wrong way by those who are not there when he makes the comments. he's not full of bluster. he's thoughtful. he also rejects the notion that his contract gives him an edge when it comes to the battle for a starting receiver spot."it is a fair competition for the spot,'' williams said. "my thing is, if you're good enough, come get it."i've been working really hard this off-season. obviously, something i've been doing these past two years hasn't been working so i took it another step further and it's working pretty good this year."i hope it can translate on the field. but if it doesn't, no. 88 is going to be right there. he's that good. he's going to be right there regardless. i've got to stay on my game.''but williams isn't finished when it comes to talking about no. 88, dez bryant."the dude is scary,'' williams said. "the dude is good and he doesn't even know it yet. once the light bulb goes on he will probably be the best in the league."he's a man among boys. he's got big hands. real big hands. when he shakes my hand, his fingers come up to my elbows.''



posted by the gryphon at 6:41 pm









	 
	 a look back at the 2005 nfl draft
	 
    


temple3.wordpress.comback in april, the nfl concluded the 2010 draft. this year’s draft was punctuated by the prime time debut of round 1 at new york city’s famed radio city music hall. the draft was extended over a three day period and received wide acclaim from fans and media, alike.it is too early to say who the winners are for the 2010 draft. some draft picks never make it out of camp; some never fulfill the promise of their rookie contract. still others exceed the greatest expectations. it has been widely stated that the average career of an nfl player is 4-5 years. given that, let’s take a look at the 2005 nfl draft.the rules of the gamethere are as many ways to evaluate the success of a draft class as there are to evaluate players. what matters most? years as a starter, pro bowl selections, all pro selections, team wins, championships, value at selected position, value over next selection? there are a lot of criteria to consider.i’ll leave that final determination to you. for my own purposes, i admit using a subjective mix of all of those criteria. here is a link for you to make your own decision.top dog of the 2005 nfl draft1. dallas cowboys. the cowboys used two first round selections to grab demarcus ware and marcus spears. ware has become a dominant defensive force in the league. he has been selected to four pro bowls and been named all-pro three times. he is arguably the best player at his position in the entire nfl. ware, to the cowboys credit, was taken just before chargers lb shawne merriman.demarcus ware: 2005 draft cream of the cropspears has been solid as a 300 pound defensive end in the cowboys 3-4 alignment, but the other crown jewel of this draft was selected in the 7th round. defensive tackle jay ratliff was named all-pro this past season and has blossomed into an elite anchor for the cowboys. ratliff is solid against the run and excels on passing downs. he collapses the pocket and creates havoc in the middle.the selections of ware and ratliff alone would probably suffice to put the cowboys on top, but dallas also picked up linebacker kevin burnett in the 2nd round, and marion barber and chris canty in the 4th round. canty was an excellent performer on the defensive line for dallas during the 2008 season and garnered interest from many teams around the league when his rookie deal expired. last year, canty underperformed for the new york giants, but can be expected to bounce back in a more aggressive scheme. marion barber leads the all members of the 2005 draft class (cadillac williams, brandon jacobs, frank gore, ronnie brown, cedric benson, darren sproles) with 43 rushing touchdowns.this draft class produced 4 all-pro selections, 7 pro bowl nods, and a solid core of reliable players that allowed the cowboys defense to improve from 27th in points allowed in 2004 to 2nd in points allowed in 2009. this is a high impact draft. if the cowboys talent on offense can match that of the defense, dallas may get a chance to play the final game of the season at home in 2010.notables from the 2005 draftperhaps the most memorable thing for me about this draft is the number of teams that missed on first round selections. alex smith (#1) has been a bust in san francisco. he has shown signs that he may emerge, but the question marks surrounding his performance linger. braylon edwards (#3) washed out in cleveland, as did cedric benson in chicago (#4). cadillac williams (#5) has been an exceptional player in tampa bay (2005 rookie of the year), but he has suffered some of the most excrutiating injuries in the history of the game. the titans selected adam jones at #6; the jaguars selected troy williamson at #7; and, the detroit lions picked usc’s mike williams at #10. only picks #8 (antrel rolle, arizona) and #9 (carlos rogers, auburn) emerged from this minefield. the dolphins top pick, ronnie brown (#2, and one of four auburn players selected in round 1), has also battled health issues.the first round wasn’t all bad. aaron rodgers was selected by the packers. heath miller went to the steelers. marlin jackson was picked by the colts. the atlanta falcons chose roddy white.contendersthe cowboys were not alone in drafting well in 2005. here is a short list of teams that drafted well and their selections:new york giants (4 picks): corey webster, justin tuck, brandon jacobs.san diego chargers: shawne merriman, luis castillo, vincent jackson, darren sproles.pittsburgh steelers: heath miller, bryant mcfadden, chris kemeotu.



posted by the gryphon at 6:34 pm









	 
	 bryant continues to improve
	 
    


cbs sportsline.comtime story bryant continues to improve : the dallas morning news reports that cowboys rookie wr dez bryant continues to make strides with each offseason workout.



posted by the gryphon at 6:30 pm









	 
	 austin doesn't plan to hold out
	 
    


cbs sportsline.comtime story austin doesn't plan to hold out : the dallas morning news reports monday that cowboys wr miles austin continues to focus on the field and not about earning a contract extension



posted by the gryphon at 6:29 pm









	 
	 super talk, meet your conscience
	 
    


by donpotts21 during this part of the offseason, nfl storylines are few and far between.  ota’s are underway, and we are about eight or nine weeks until the start of training camp.  therefore, many times reporters, bloggers and the media world will reach to get their headlines.  in dallas, the focus has been on dez bryant and roy williams on the field.  off the field?  well, there has been some super chatter.  you are beginning to hear mur-mur’s of the cowboys possibly playing in the superbowl at their home stadium – a feat that has never occurred in superbowl history.  radio hosts and former players are voicing their opinions on this very topic.  the most recent headline came from cowboy great, roger staubach:“i didn’t want to jinx them about the super bowl being here, but that would be fun,” staubach said. “that would be extra special. and it could happen.”he continued …“this is a really, really good football team and they have the capability,” staubach said. “there are probably five or six teams in the nfl that can win it all. this is one of them. they can do it.“it’s a matter of giving that little extra and fighting, and i think they have that attitude, too. the way it transpired at the end of the year in the minnesota game was rough, but they really were a team at the end of the year, and i think they’re even better this year.”staubach, a cowboy legend, just put a hex on the whole damn thing!  so i figure for the cowboys best interest i will slow things down a bit, relax and take a look at five possible hindrances to the teams super aspirations. 1 – offensive line depththe cowboys head into the season with questions on their offensive line.  doug free is replacing the recently unemployed flozell adams.  free is young and athletic, but also still raw.  he will have his struggles this year your delusional if you think otherwise.  what happens if any starter on the line gets injured for any substantial period of time?  the depth within this group seems weak, and that is a major liability. 2 – who is going to play the middle?ken hamlin got cut.  great.  he was terrible.  now, the team is replacing him with either alan ball (?) or ironically michael hamlin.  since the team cut ties with big bro hamlin, they have been raving about the potential of both ball and lil bro. myself.  i am not a fan of ball.  in the games he started he did absolutely nothing to impress me.  i saw a player who recorded zero turnovers playing a position in which that’s all your judged on.  i cannot make an honest assessment of lil bro hamlin because he’s been injured.  all i know is that the cowboys like his potential and think he will be a starter in the nfl.  me personally … not too crazy about the bloodline. 3 - road woesthe cowboys have traditionally under wade phillips been a team that struggled in big road games.  last year’s playoff game in minnesota as the most recent example.  now for the cowboys to reach the superbowl you would think they probably will have to play at least one road playoff game.  i say that because minnesota and new orleans have a much easier path for home field advantage than the cowboys.  a great year in the difficult nfc east is 12-4 and that rarely is best in the conference.  therefore, assuming the cowboys get in the playoffs and get a decent seed (neither are sure things), then they will once again have to go on the road and play in a hostile environment.  what makes you believe they will emerge victorious?  which brings me to point four …4 – the cowboys lack playoff caliber coachingwith all due respect to coach phillips and his staff, they are not one of the league’s best.  i think phillips is a stellar defensive coach, but in big games the defense has struggled some.  on the offensive side, i am not enamored with jason garrett.  his offensive gameplans will be flawless one week and head-scratching another.  he called a terrible game in last year’s playoff loss at minnesota, and i do not trust him calling a conference championship on the road.  for the cowboys to play in the superbowl, they have to get home-field advantage throughout.  and finally …5 – history (pressure)there is a reason no one has ever played a superbowl at home.  it is not easy.  you can have all the talent in the world but you also need a good amount of luck and good fortune.  a major injury, a tipped ball or a bad call can ruin a game and/or season.  also, if the cowboys do make the playoffs, then the pressure really mounts.  imagine if the cowboys completed the task of reaching the superbowl, then lost at home to the jets?  history will not be kind to the franchise if that scenario plays out. i understand many of my readers will wonder who @#$! in my cereal this morning.  i still haven’t caught the person, but if you have any ideas email me.  but seriously, i do not wanna feed the hype machine.  we have to realize that the cowboys have flaws just like every other team.  do they look good on paper?  yes.  would i be surprised if they don’t make the playoffs?  yes.  is this there best chance to reach the superbowl in over a decade?  probably.  as a fan, there is a lot to be excited for this season.  and if they happen to reach and win the superbowl, it will be a historic season.  but until then, as the famous pulp fiction quote goes “let’s not start sucking each other’s d*ck’s just yet.”  thanks for reading.  stay tuned!



posted by the gryphon at 6:25 pm






monday, may 24, 2010



	 
	 espn dallas: staubach: cowboys have super bowl potential
	 
    


by tim macmahonirving, texas – hall of fame quarterback roger staubach expressed optimism monday that his former team can become the first to play a super bowl in its own stadium. that was after staubach, the north texas super bowl committee chairman, briefly addressed the dallas cowboys after their organized team activity workout. “i didn’t want to jinx them about the super bowl being here, but that would be fun,” staubach said. “that would be extra special. and it could happen.” staubach discussed the importance of pulling together, telling the players how the 1971 cowboys recovered from a drama-filled 4-3 start to earn the first of the franchise’s five super bowl championships. staubach believes these cowboys have the potential to add to that total after ending a 13-season playoff win drought last year. “this is a really, really good football team and they have the capability,” staubach said. “there are probably five or six teams in the nfl that can win it all. this is one of them. they can do it. “it’s a matter of giving that little extra and fighting, and i think they have that attitude, too. the way it transpired at the end of the year in the minnesota game was rough, but they really were a team at the end of the year, and i think they’re even better this year.” staubach raved about all the cowboys’ offensive weapons, comparing it to the best units he quarterbacked during the 1970s. but his optimism begins with tony romo. “i’m a big tony romo fan,” staubach said. “you’ve got that feeling. there’s a few quarterbacks that when they hit the field, you know something good is going to happen. when troy was here, i knew it. i just felt it. i feel the same way about tony. when he’s on that field, good things are going to happen.”



posted by the gryphon at 4:12 pm









	 
	 vegas football odds favor dallas cowboys to win the nfc east in 2010
	 
    


by ryan nox  1. dallas cowboys (+120 odds to win nfc east in 2010-11 season)2009 record: 11-5 (1st) dallas will be seeking its third division title in the last four years this season. the cowboys captured the 2009 nfc east crown with a dominant effort against the philadelphia eagles in week 17. dallas mirrored that performance the following week against philly to gain its first playoff win since 1996. in 2009, the cowboys were second in the league in total offense but were just 14th in scoring offense. dallas is hoping that rookie wideout dez bryant will aid the cowboys in the red zone in 2010. on defense, the cowboys were second in the nfl in scoring defense a year ago. however, the unit struggled in the divisional playoffs against minnesota. with the exception of the opener at washington, the cowboys won’t face a team away from home that had a losing record in 2009.2. philadelphia eagles (+250 odds to win nfc east in 2010-11 season)2009 record: 11-5 (2nd) it’s the end of an era in philly. after leading the eagles to five conference championship games in the last decade, quarterback donovan mcnabb is in a different locale in the nfc east. with only two career starts under his belt, fourth-year qb kevin kolb is now the starting signal-caller for philadelphia. the eagles have ranked sixth or higher in the nfl in scoring offense in three of the last four seasons. the running game will also be without a longtime standout. brain westbrook, who led the squad in rushing for six straight seasons from 2003-08, is no longer an eagle. after ranking fourth in the nfl in scoring defense in 2008, the eagles fell to 19th in this category in 2009. with only two games against 2009 playoff teams in its first 12 contests, philadelphia has a chance to enter the final quarter of the year in good shape.3. new york giants (+250 odds to win nfc east in 2010-11 season)2009 record: 8-8 (3rd) new york cruised to a 5-0 start in 2009 but stumbled to a .500 squad by the end of the year. the giants were outscored 85-16 in the final two games of the 2009 campaign. the collapse of the defense was the main problem. the unit that shined during the 2007 postseason run was 30th in the league in scoring defense a year ago. the giants signed all-pro safety antrel rolle during the offseason to boost the secondary. up front, rookie defensive end jason pierre-paul should help the pass rush. the offense finished eighth in the nfl in scoring and total offense a year ago. young wideout steve smith emerged to grab 107 catches in 2009. the road slate is daunting for new york in the 2010 nfl betting season. five of its first seven away outings are against 2009 playoff squads.4. washington redskins (+700 odds to win nfc east in 2010-11 season)2009 record: 4-12 (4th) the arrivals of mcnabb and new head coach mike shanahan have brought some cautious optimism to washington. however, a mediocre group of receivers and some aging running backs could make it a challenge for mcnabb in his debut season for the redskins. a defense that has finished in the top 10 in total defense in eight of the last ten seasons is in a lot better shape. the redskins could be in an early hole based on its schedule. of its first six games, four are against 2009 playoff clubs.



posted by the gryphon at 2:58 pm









	 
	 ten things i think i think: dallas cowboys edition
	 
    


written by thembiiieffectauthor: thelandryhat i have to give credit to si’s peter king for coming up with this great concept for an article. i disagree with him rating us as the 10th-best team in the nfl–picking us after the dolphins and the panthers is bordering on lunacy–but i have to give him credit on this idea of writing about things he thinks he thinks about the nfl.i’ll be focusing on the cowboys, of course.1. the cowboys have to have one of the most difficult schedules in the nfl: the cowboys get the new-look redskins the first week of the season and won’t have any tape on donovan mcnabb. the redskins were awful last year but it’s the nfl and upsets happen. after that it gets worse: at houston in the third week won’t be a walk in the park, an early bye week followed by 13 more games including at minnesota, at green bay, home against new orleans then away to arizona and philly to finish the year.2. if the cowboys make it to the playoffs, they’ll make a run: this is the upside to playing this hard a schedule. the cowboys will probably play more playoff teams during the year than teams that will have their golf clubs out after week 17. they’re going to be playing playoff football all year and they’ll be better for it.3. dez bryant will start one game before week 8: the guy is too good to keep off the field. cornerback mike jenkins said that bryant has the potential to be the best wide receiver on the team. roy williams certainly has to see bryant in his rearview mirror and all the comments he’s making about the work he’s putting in this summer suggests that he knows he’ll have to perform to keep his job.4. the cowboys won’t sign another safety: any dreamers thinking that the cowboys will work out some kind of trade for o.j. atogwe ought to wake up now. it’s not going to happen. that’s ok, though, because alan ball and mike hamlin will be able to handle one of the safety spots. if it were up to me, i’d have gerald sensabaugh at free safety and let hamlin play strong safety. i think sensabaugh has better range and hamlin is a better tackler (not in a roy williams way–the guy can cover pretty well).5. the cowboys will create more turnovers than they did last year: the cowboys defense was one of the best defenses in the league last year if you don’t use turnovers to judge defenses–so the cowboys just had a pretty good defense last year. only 21 turnovers in 16 games last year won’t cut it, especially with demarcus ware and anthony spencer rushing off the edges.6. anthony spencer will have 10 sacks this year: this guy is figuring out the nfl and he had six sacks last year. he’s got 10.5 for his career and he’ll nearly double that total this year as he’s getting better and better.7. the rams will come out ahead in the bobby carpenter-alex barron trade: barron has to beat out doug free or marc columbo or hope for one of them to get hurt in order to see the field–i’m not buying that there’s really an open competition for the left tackle spot. carpenter will get to start over in a defensive scheme he’s more comfortable with. am i saying it was a bad trade for us? no. we weren’t going to be using carpenter after taking sean lee in this year’s draft and we needed the depth at offensive tackle. it was a smart move for both parties, but the rams will see an immediate impact from carpenter.8. mike jenkins will become one of the elite cornerbacks in the nfl this year: jenkins is a big, physical corner that can keep up with quick receivers while still being able to fight with larger receivers. if he can put up some better stats and intercept a few more passes, he’ll be on the pro bowl roster from the start and will be considered within the top six or seven corners in the game.9. tony romo will throw at least five more interceptions but ten more touchdowns than last year: adding bryant and having an other year with martellus bennett will surely help in the red zone. bryant isn’t the biggest or fastest receiver, but he fights for jump balls in the end zone. he also has better hands than most of the other cowboys receivers–i’m not sure he has better hands than miles austin but i think he does. i also think romo will be behind in a few games this year and he’ll probably force a few, but that’s ok. these things happen.10. the cowboys won’t be playing in this year’s super bowl: i don’t think they’re quite there yet. they’re a strong team and have to be considered amongst the best in the nfc. they just aren’t super bowl winners yet i don’t think. the pressure is on the cowboys this year because the super bowl is being played in arlington. i think they need one more year. i’d love to be wrong here, but that’s what i think.…i think.



posted by the gryphon at 2:25 pm









	 
	 alan ball leading candidate to start at free safety
	 
    


dallas cowboys fs alan ball is the leading candidate to start at free safety this season, according to carlos mendez, of the fort worth star-telegram. at 6-foot-1 and 190 pounds, however, there is some concern as to how well he can tackle at the position. "his tackling and stuff, in the ballgames, because of his size, is really the only drawback on him," head coach wade phillips said. "i think he's going to be a really good free safety-type guy. our free safety wasn't involved in a lot of the tackling, anyway." read more: http://www.kffl.com/hotw/nfl#ixzz0os8j2ce0



posted by the gryphon at 2:16 pm









	 
	 tony romo (dallas cowboys) nfl films
	 
    


steve sabol looks at the similarities between tony romo and brett favre. © nfl.comhttp://www.mirosport.net/2010/uncategorized/14231/tony-romo-dallas-cowboys-nfl-films/



posted by the gryphon at 2:07 pm









	 
	 cowboys have nfl's best all-time winning percentage
	 
    


yahoo! buzzgerry fraleywe were asleep at the switch and failed to note a significant moment during last season.the dallas cowboys passed miami and now have the top all-time winning percentage in the nfl.the cowboys are 434-314-6 for a .580 winning percentage. miami is 387-281-4 for a .579 percentage. chicago is third at 693-507-42 for a .577 winning percentage.among teams that have been in existence for more than a decace, that rules out the expansion houston texans, tampa bay has the lowest winning percentage. the bucs need a 115-game winning streak to reach .500. they are 208-323-1 for a .392 winning percentage.



posted by the gryphon at 1:41 pm









	 
	 rumor - crayton to miami
	 
    


rumor - crayton to miamihttp://www.miamiherald.com/2010/05/23/1643335/miami-dolphins-merling-out-to.htmlwe hear the dolphins were contacted to gauge their interest in cowboys receiver patrick crayton but were noncommittal. crayton, who was given permission to seek a trade and has a history with this dolphins regime, ranked eighth in the nfl in yards per catch and ninth in punt returns in '09. acquiring him would make sense if one of miami's top four receivers has a significant injury this summer and if dallas accepts little in return or cuts him from a deal worth $2 million in 2010.



posted by the gryphon at 1:36 pm






sunday, may 23, 2010



	 
	 tight end jason witten on quarterback tony romo
	 
    


cowboys team report“i have said it all along he is the hardest worker i have seen he is here every day. he has the will to win and good things will follow.”



posted by the gryphon at 8:15 pm









	 
	 dallas cowboys offseason preview
	 
    


www.footballfanspot.comwritten for football fansby a football fanlast season: 11-5draft:#24 wr dez bryant (oklahoma state)this is a great pick by the cowboys and a great move up. bryant gives their offense another potent weapon across from miles austin and sends a huge wake up call to roy williams. if the cowboys can get roy williams going, with bryant, austin, and jason witten in the receiving corps, plus marion barber, felix jones, and tashard choice at running back and tony romo playing quarterback, in terms of pure offensive weapons, this team may lead the league. that doesn’t necessarily translate to a super bowl, but it certainly helps. grade: a#55 mlb sean lee (penn state)lee has first round talent, but a questionable bill of health. if his knee holds up, he’s well worth this selection as a young middle linebacker successor for keith brooking and a solid character and leadership guy. however, it was also a bit of a risk.grade: b#126 s akwasi owusu-ansah (iupui)aoa is certainly a great playmaker, who can pick off a bunch of passes and do good things with the ball in his hands and he’s a dynamic kick returner, but i have a some doubts about his ability in coverage, even as a safety. plus, he’s never, from what i know, played a lot of safety before at the collegiate level. however, this is a great value pick and makes a lot of sense even if he just ends up as a nickel corner and a return man.grade: a-#179 ot sam young (notre dame)sam young fits what they look for in an offensive lineman and may be their right tackle of the future, but he has major issues in pass protection and possibly could hurt the cowboys next year if they try to use him too much. other than that, this is a great value and a great pick for the future.grade: a-#196 cb jamar wall (texas tech)i guess this is a good indication of where they plan to use aoa. wall is a moderate reach and fills a bit of a need, you never know how much longer terrence newman has in the tank, but the cowboys already had 3 solid cornerbacks, 4 if they have to move aoa to cornerback, so this was not a great pick.grade: c+#234 3-4 de sean lissemore (william & mary)another player who was not one of the 400-450 players i had heard of from this draft class, so the decision to take him was a bit questionable, plus he is only 6-2 and doesn’t appear to have the height to play end in a 3-4. plus, 3-4 end wasn’t much of a need.grade: doverall:the cowboys didn’t have a lot of picks to begin with, and they had even less after that dez bryant trade, but that being said, that dez bryant trade was brilliant and makes the cowboys an extremely dangerous offensive team and when you combine that with their strong pass rush on defense, you can make some good things happen. assuming they don’t revert to their december choking ways, this team has to be the favorite to win the tough nfc east and a super bowl contender. they made every one of their picks count, for the most part and acquired a ton of talent and upside in this draft. they could have gotten 3 future starters in this draft, and aoa is a solid future nickelback and kick returner, and has some upside at safety. their picks dropped off a bit at the end, in terms of my grades, but those were late round picks anyway and, who knows, maybe i’ll be wrong about one or both of them. the only complaint i have about their draft, is that i don’t think they did enough to get depth on the offensive line, especially with flozell adams being cut. that was their biggest need coming into this draft, in my opinion, and they only used one pick there. they could have used one or two of their late round picks on a guard and/or center. however, with the talent they got out of this draft, it’s hard to give them a bad grade.grade: a-key undrafted free agentscb bryan mccann (smu)3-4 de lorenzo washington (alabama)rb lonyae miller (fresno state)qb matt nichols (eastern washington)ot mike tepper (california)te scott sicko (new hampshire)wr terrell hudgins (elon)s barry church (toledo)wr verran tucker (california)positions of need: offensive tackle:the cowboys need depth all along their offensive line. their lack of depth was shown in the playoffs when tony romo was sacked 6 times by the vikings after the cowboys suffered a few injuries up front. also, everyone on their offensive line is over 30 so young depth is clearly necessary. offensive tackle just happens to be the most important offensive line position. the cowboys like bigger offensive linemen so guys like anthony davis in the first and vlad ducasse and kyle calloway in the 2nd could be targeted.drafted sam young (#179), traded for alex barronmiddle linebacker:keith brooking had a good year, but he will turn 35 next season. next to him in the middle of their 3-4 defense, bradie james could also be upgraded immediately. sean weatherspoon and brandon spikes could be options in the first round.drafted sean lee (#55) offensive guard:again, depth is needed all over their offensive line. the cowboys reportedly love mike iupati and likely will take him at 27 if he’s available. he would be an immediate upgrade over kyle kosier at left guard.nose tackle:jay ratliff is a great player, but his skill set would be better utilized at 3-4 defensive end rather than nose tackle. if they get a true nose tackle, either terrence cody in the first or cam thomas in the 2nd, they can move ratliff to end and it will make their entire defense that much better. add a big nose tackle like cody to the middle of their defense and it opens up more space for what was already one of the best pass rushes in the league.safety:ken hamlin could be upgraded and depth overall is needed at the position.drafted akwasi owusu-ansah (#126) wide receiver:patrick crayton could be upgraded in the slot and i am not sure how much longer they want to give roy williams before they admit he was a bad trade and start someone else over him. getting a young receiver this year could solve both of those issues.drafted dez bryant (#24)  free agents:wr miles austin (restricted)- tendered (1st, 3rd)wr sam hurd (restricted)- resigned 1 year 1.7 millionot flozell adams ot pat mcquistan (restricted)- resigned 1 year 1.1 milliong montrae holland- 2 yearsg cory procter (restricted)- resigned 1 year 1.7 millionc duke preston (restricted)3-4 de marcus spears (restricted)- resigned 1 year 1.2 million3-4 de stephen bowen (restricted)- resigned 1 year 1.7 million3-4 de jason hatcher (restricted)- resigned 1 year 1.7 millionnt junior siavii (restricted)- resigned 1 year 1.2 millionrlb steve octavien (restricted)- resigneds ken hamlin s gerald sensabaugh (restricted)- tendered (2nd)s pat watkins (restricted)- resigned 1 year 1.1 millions alan ball (exclusive rights)- resignedk shaun suisham (restricted)offseason moves:cowboys acquire ot alex barron from rams for olb bobby carpentercowboys announce retirement of c duke prestoncowboys re-sign g montrae holland cowboys re-sign s alan ballcowboys re-sign wr sam hurdcowboys re-sign s pat watkinscowboys re-sign 3-4 de stephen bowencowboys re-sign 3-4 de jason hatchercowboys re-sign nt junior siaviicowboys re-sign ot pat mcquistancowboys re-sign 3-4 de marcus spearscowboys re-sign rlb steve octaviencowboys cut s ken hamlincowboys cut ot flozell adamscowboys re-sign g cory proctercowboys tender s alan ballcowboys tender rlb steve octaviencowboys tender wr miles austincowboys tender s gerald sensabaughcowboys tender 3-4 de marcus spearscowboys tender 3-4 de jason hatchercowboys tender ot pat mcquistancowboys tender nt junior siaviicowboys tender s pat watkinscowboys tender g cory proctercowboys tender wr sam hurdcowboys tender 3-4 de stephen bowen



posted by the gryphon at 4:21 pm









	 
	 who can cure the cowboys' field goal woes?
	 
    


by aaron novinger www.bloggingtheboys.com/one of the weakest positions on the cowboys' 2009 squad was at placekicker. a bad case of the yips forced dallas to say good-bye to former pro bowl kicker nick folk in december. and then the same ills affected his replacement, shaun suisham. the team neglected to re-sign him after the season's end.the browns recently waived former alabama kicker leigh tiffin and signed suisham. another kicker of name to come out of college this year was texas' hunter lawrence, who signed with the buccaneers after the draft.dallas had their chance to draft either one of those guys in april, but seems content with david buehler. his progress has been steady, and he has been learning what he can from kicking coach chris boniol to be a more fundamentally sound placekicker.buehler described his own talent as "raw," since he didn't start kicking until his senior year in high school and didn't have a kicking coach at the university of southern california. even without individual instruction, buehler was fairly successful at usc. he made 78.8 percent of his field goals during two seasons as a starter, and was an all-pac 10 first-team choice in 2008.



posted by the gryphon at 4:07 pm









	 
	 king felix's legs
	 
    


by adam levitanhttp://blogs.rotoworld.comwe no longer have to cautiously speculate about felix jones’ potential ascension to the top of the cowboys’ depth chart. it’s official -- felix is the man.now there’s really only one question: can he stay healthy?we know what jones can do when he’s on the field. an explosive runner at the point of attack, jones is a big play waiting to happen. over his two-year career, he’s averaging 6.5 yards per carry. he’s entering his prime for a running back at age 23. and to top it off, jones didn’t suffer a decline in his per-touch numbers last season (including playoffs) when he was leaned on heavier:2009 games with 15 touches or more (4)* 14.7 carries for 91.5 yards, 6.20 ypc; 2.0 catches, 16.2 yards; 0.5 touchdowns per game2009 games with 14 touches or less (12)* 7.2 carries for 41.6 yards, 6.16 ypc; 1.2 catches, 8.8 yards; 0.1 touchdowns per gamethe problem is that jones has been injury prone -- a trait that will only be exacerbated by an increased workload. he’s just one of those guys that every time he goes down you cringe and wait to see if he gets back up (maybe that’s just me). jones bruised his calf in week 3 of his rookie year, 2008. he then missed two weeks with a strained hamstring in october. his season ended prematurely on injured reserve after tearing a ligament in his toe. last season, he missed two weeks with a sprained pcl. the injury risk is real. but so is jones’ upside. he’s running behind a massive offensive line on a team that should be among the league leaders in offensive yardage per game. yeah, marion barber is going to stick as the goal-line guy and tashard choice will be the main third-down back. but jones can do enough with 14-17 touches that he’ll be a high risk, high reward pick for owners willing to gamble on his health.



posted by the gryphon at 3:45 pm









	 
	 usa today: dallas cowboys team report
	 
    


when roy williams was guaranteed a starting job in february by team owner jerry jones, it was assumed that williams was getting a free pass and wasn't being held accountable.at the time, jones knew that williams was getting beat up far and wide by fans and the media for a subpar season so he didn't need to beat him up anymore.he was trying to support him.still, jones rendered any questions of a free pass for williams moot when he picked dez bryant in the first round of the nfl draft.if there were any concerns about williams being properly motivated to get his act together, there are none now.williams said he is ready for any and all challenges."i'm in it to win it. if somebody can pull in here and take my spot, they've got to be a baaaad man," williams said with emphasis. "it's mine to lose, i guess you can say. i'm not going to do that. the competition level is going to be high."williams backed up his words during the first week of otas. he is in great shape. he was making great coaches and showing an improved chemistry with quarterback tony romo."he is in good shape, he's running good routes, he's doing good things," romo said.said cornerback mike jenkins: "roy came out on fire. that's the best i've seen roy since he got here. he looked like a no. 1 receiver."dropped passes and a lack of production were part of williams disappointing 2009 season. he understands why the fans are down on him. he has resolved to change that."i promise you i won't lead the league in drops. i know that," williams said. "people are off my bandwagon, which i don't mind. i'd be off my bandwagon, too."offensive coordinator jason garrett has certainly taken notice."his weight's really good, he looks quick and explosive, he's going to get the ball," garrett said. "like with everybody, it's a process that you're always trying to improve each and every day and it goes to your approach. and his approach has been outstanding."



posted by the gryphon at 9:40 am









	 
	 mosley: inside the ropes with tony romo
	 
    


by matt mosleyas some of you know, dallas cowboys quarterback tony romo made it through the first round of qualifying for the u.s. open, which will be played next month at pebble beach. karen crouse of the new york times says that only three professional athletes from other major sports have competed in the u.s. open: john brodie, a 49ers quarterback in the 1960s; sammy byrd, a yankees outfielder in the 1930s; and bill ezinicki, who finished his n.h.l. career with the rangers in 1955. brodie actually had some success on the senior tour in the early 90s and it wouldn't surprise me if romo tried to do the same -- 20 years from now. for the time being, he'll focus on the cowboys' upcoming organized team activities this week. on friday, though, he was following his 16-year-old pal jordan spieth as he made the cut at the hp byron nelson championship in irving, texas. i know there are a few cowboys fans and even some reporters who wonder if romo spends too much time on the course in the offseason. but as long as he doesn't miss any football workouts, i don't see why it's a problem. and you can rest assured that owner jerry jones loves seeing romo show up on "sportscenter" for his golf exploits. and if romo happens to qualify for the u.s. open, i'm sure he'll turn to the nfc east blog for some tips. i played the course with him in 2005 when the cowboys made a west coast trip to play the 49ers and raiders. i've conveniently misplaced the scoreboard, but i believe romo shot a 74, punter mat mcbriar carded an 85, todd archer of the dallas morning news had a 93 and a birdie on no. 8 helped me avoid triple digits. by the way, drew bledsoe canceled on us at the last minute, which may or may not have led to his demise with the cowboys. for more on my round with romo, stay tuned to the golf channel.



posted by the gryphon at 9:24 am









	 
	 grading the ‘boys, part viii: defensive line
	 
    


http://dallascowboystimes.comwe were going to analyze the film and statistics of the outside linebackers for this installation of “grading the ‘boys,” but the recent trade rumors surrounding marcus spears pushed us to do the defensive line instead. we wanted to determine how effective stephen bowen and jason hatcher were in 2009, giving us a better sense of why dallas may have been interested in unloading spears.grading defensive linemen is difficult due to the variety of roles that each player can fill. the statistics among players at other positions are generally comparable due to the equality of their on-field duties. for example, whether the cowboys have alan ball or michael hamlin in the game at free safety, their duties will likely be the same.the rotation that is employed amongst defensive linemen, however, creates more situational roles for each player. defensive ends igor olshanksy and marcus spears, for example, are on the field a lot more during run downs than pass downs. thus, their statistics are not necessarily 100 percent compatible with those of jason hatcher and stephen bowen.to combat this potential problem, we will weight each player’s overall grade to more properly reflect their personal contributions and duties. the run and pass defense grades for both nose tackles (jay ratliff and junior siavii) will be weighted equally in determining their final grades. for defensive ends spears and olshansky, it will be 3:2 run-to-pass, and for hatcher and bowen it will be 3:2 pass-to-run.as always, the charts below display the best statistics within a particular group circled in blue, and the worst in red.gradesnose tacklesjay ratliff run defense: b+we really don’t need statistics to tell us how dominant of a player jay ratliff can be on the football field. due to the nature of the position, nose tackles generally have a tough time racking up statistics. their primary goal is to eat up blocks and allow the linebackers to make plays.ratliff is so dominant, though, that he is able to overcome these limitations. he is very “undersized” for a nose tackle, but uses his speed and athleticism to gain an advantage on blockers. pass-rushers gain glory through acquiring sacks, but ratliff is just as solid against the run.pass defense: b+as you can see, ratliff’s sack rate of .82 percent was the highest of any cowboys’ defensive lineman in 2009 (including the ends). we know he would like to improve upon both that number and his total quarterback hits and pressures, but he is no longer an unknown commodity. opposing coordinators game-plan for him, meaning his statistics are even more impressive when you take into account the constant double-teams he faces.note: if you are wondering why ratliff didn’t receive an “a” in either category, it is because he committed eight penalties. expect that number to decrease in 2010.junior siavii run defense: c+siavii’s snaps were certainly limited in 2009 (just 184 all season). still, he was able to tally 12 tackles, or one on 6.52 percent of all plays. that is the best number of any cowboys’ lineman, but it is important to remember that siavii’s limited snaps mean he is always fresh and at full energy.pass defense: dsiavii really struggled against the pass last season. he was unable to record any sacks or quarterback hits, and just two quarterback pressures. the cowboys could really be in trouble if jay ratliff gets injured for a significant period of time. the major drop-off from ratliff to siavii was probably a factor in the cowboys drafting de/dt sean lissemore.snaps: spears-535, bowen-478, olshansky-648, hatcher-386defensive endsmarcus spears run defense: bsoon after drafting spears, it was apparent that his forte is stuffing the run. his run defense is far superior to his pass-rushing ability, leaving some to label him as a ‘bust.’ it is the ability to stop the run, though, that allows guys like demarcus ware and anthony spencer to tee off on quarterbacks and rack up the sacks.spears’ tackle rate of 4.11 percent is solid, and he committed zero penalties all season.pass defense: c-spears is out of the game in a lot of pass-rushing situations, so we would expect his pass defense numbers to be a bit down. still, we would love to see him pressure the quarterback on more than 1.87 percent of all plays.stephen bowen run defense: cbefore watching the film, we thought bowen was more stout against the run than what we ended up seeing. bowen recorded just 13 tackles all year (only hatcher’s tackle percentage was worse).pass defense: b-bowen’s pass-rushing skills surprised us. his sack and quarterback hit percentages led all defensive ends, and he wasn’t far behind in quarterback pressures. he is a better rusher than spears–perhaps one of the reasons the cowboys were interested in trading spears.igor olshansky run defense: a-olshansky was brought into dallas to stop the run, and he did just that in 2009. he quietly was one of the cowboys’ better free agent acquisitions in recent years. his 33 tackles are outstanding for a defensive end. we can count on one hand the number of times olshansky got beat at the point-of-attack, meaning he often paved the way for the linebackers to make plays (in addition to his own).pass defense: c-there is no doubt that olshansky is a run-stuffing specialist. his .62 quarterback hit percentage was the worst among defensive ends. still, olshansky isn’t on the field during passing situations, meaning whatever he lacks in pass-rushing skills he makes up for in his ability to stop the run.jason hatcher run defense: c-we were quite disappointed with hatcher’s 2009 performance against the run. hatcher’s seven total tackles was worst among defensive ends and his 1.81 tackle percentage was by far the worst among all defensive linemen. hatcher is a talented player, so we would expect these numbers to improve in 2010.pass defense: bwe always say that quarterback pressures are more indicative of a pass-rusher’s success than sacks (as evidenced by spencer’s long sack drought). hatcher recorded only one sack last season, but he led the entire defensive line in quarterback pressures and quarterback pressure percentage. simple regression to the mean tells us that if hatcher gets 17 quarterback pressures again in 2010, he will undoubtedly acquire more than one sack.final defensive line grades1. jay ratliff b+ (87.0)2. igor olshansky b (85.0)t3. jason hatcher b- (80.2)t3. marcus spears b- (80.2)5. stephen bowen c+ (79.8)6. junior siavii c- (71.0)overall, the cowboys’ defensive line is adequate but not stellar. nose tackle jay ratliff is an all-pro player and nearly stoppable inside. with the attention he draws, you would hope the results of the defensive ends would be a bit better than what we observe.having said that, it is important for people to realize that 3-4 defensive ends are never going to put up big numbers. they are the offensive guards and centers of the defense–they are quite important, yet gain little respect.the cowboys addressed the defensive end spot in the seventh round with sean lissemore out of william & mary. he is a high-motor guy who members within the organization are describing as “ratliff-like.” if that is even close to being true, the cowboys found a gem.lissemore should be able to contribute at all the defensive line spots. he could eventually become the primary backup to ratliff inside.with spears, bowen, and hatcher all restricted free agents, expect defensive end to top the cowboys’ list of needs for the 2011 draft.



posted by the gryphon at 9:18 am









	 
	 five reasons the dallas cowboys will keep wr patrick crayton
	 
    


by daniel wolf http://bleacherreport.comever since the dallas cowboys drafted wide receiver dez bryant in the first round of the 2010 nfl draft, the writing was instantly on the wall for backup patrick crayton.or is it?crayton's name has been mentioned in many trade rumors, especially with the cleveland browns, who are rumored to be still searching for a veteran receiver to mentor their young receiver group.owner jerry jones has said that he will not trade anyone, but you can never believe want an nfl executive says when it comes to anything regarding the roster nowadays.the following are five reasons that i believe will keep crayton wearing the stars on his helmet for the 2010 season.(1) roy williams' performance is not certainever since williams came to the cowboys (for way too much in what the cowboys had to give up to get him) he has been less than spectacular.even though williams and miles austin will most likely start off 2010 as the starters, bryant may push williams out of the starter role, which is all bad for williams' future and he could become expendable.in this possible scenario, crayton's value is increased since he is more reliable than williams as a slot receiver.(2) crayton is a solid slot receivercrayton is one of the more effective slot receivers in the nfl and he even managed to amass more receiving yards than williams and one less catch than williams too.when third down comes around, quarterback tony romo knows he can count on crayton's sure hands to move the chains.(3) crayton is affordable to keep on the rosterprior to the 2008 season, crayton signed a four-year deal worth up to $14 million with $6 million guaranteed.at the halfway point in his contract, crayton does not break the bank, even though there is no salary cap in 2010, but he is not getting paid top dollar so it makes sense to keep him around since players will and do get injured during the long nfl season.(4) crayton is under contractspeaking of contract, crayton is still under one, and that means the cowboys do not have to do anything at all.if crayton wants to hold out, then he will only hurt his own future stock since he is already 31 years old and the job offers will become less and less as he gets older.(5) crayton has too much value as a punt returner tooobviously, running back felix jones could return punts since he already returns kicks, but rumors are saying that jones may actually be on the top of the running back depth chart for 2010 and if this is the case, his other duties will lessen.this makes crayton valuable since he returned two punts for touchdowns in 2009 and the cowboys need that playmaking talent to help position the offense with good field position and give them an edge in the return game, since he is a threat to take one to the house.final thoughtscrayton's versatility and ability to be very effective from the slot position makes in a very valuable commodity to the cowboys.plus, if a team like the browns really wanted crayton, then they would have already made an offer for the veteran.there is also the issue that jerry jones may want too much for caryton which is understandable.i think crayton stays, but his future beyond 2010 all lies on the performance of williams this year.if williams tanks, he goes and crayton stays, but if williams has a solid campaign then vice-versa.



posted by the gryphon at 9:09 am









	 
	 odds to win the 2011 super bowl: dallas cowboys
	 
    


by bigpoppathashowstoppa  the dallas cowboys' 12 to 1 odds to win the 2011 super bowl show that they're clearly considered major contenders, however, they'll need to make strides this season to avoid feeling major heat from their fans and front office.dallas didn't acquire much fresh talent in the offseason aside from drafting dez bryant, who may or may not be ready to contribute at the nfl level. but they'll still score plenty with tony romo under center and breakout star miles austin, not to mention reliable jason witten, catching passes. felix jones may get a chance to start on his own, though it's tough to say if his smallish build can handle that assignment.thanks to their offense and solid pass rush, the cowboys should be in the nfc playoff mix again.



posted by the gryphon at 8:58 am






saturday, may 22, 2010



	 
	 rb competition in dallas is a luxury battle
	 
    


cowboys have plenty of options with jones, barber and choice. by matt bowenwww.nationalfootballpost.comone position down in dallas to keep an eye on throughout otas and into the first couple of weeks of training camp is the running back position. a loaded backfield with plenty of options. how many  teams in this league would want to have a position battle with this depth?we all know that owner jerry jones is a big fan of felix jones, and why not? one of the more explosive offensive talents in this league and a perfect fit for the screen and lead draw packages of jason garrett’s offense down in dallas.but, that shouldn’t take away from what marion barber can do when he does get his pads square to the line of scrimmage. i still see him as the ideal running back for any scheme that requires the rb to take the ball deep in the backfield, hit the hole and break a tackle. the guy just runs, well, angry when i see him play. i want that in my running back. the numbers were down in ’09? ok, but this is a guy who still gave the ‘boys close to four and a half yards per carry last season—and close to 1,000-yards on the ground.and, let’s not forget about tashard choice. the former georgia tech rb was the main reason i thought dallas would at least dangle barber’s name out there in trade discussions before the draft, because he does run hard and can act as a second option to jones. a solid young back.we have grown accustomed to seeing two-man rotations in the backfields of nfl clubs over the past couple of years. in dallas, it is a three-man rotation, but there still needs to be that one guy, someone we can at least call the “feature back,” when this offense and qb tony romo need a play.jones told david moore of the dallas morning news, “right now, my job is to get better and make my team better, prepare myself for this upcoming season.''a professional response when asked about the competition for the starting gig, and what we should expect a player to say in late may.i agree it is way to early to even speculate on this position battle, but it is one to think about as summer rolls on and the when these players get into pads come august. and, it is just another reason to like dallas heading into 2010. you need depth at the running back position to make a long post season run--something i expect the cowboys to do.



posted by the gryphon at 10:28 am











subscribe to gryphon on the cowboys








links

dallas cowboys website
dallas cowboys tickets
dallas cowboys cheerleaders



previous posts

jones hints barber will be cowboys' no. 1 rb
roy williams on dez bryant: 'the dude is scary; a ...
a look back at the 2005 nfl draft
bryant continues to improve
austin doesn't plan to hold out
super talk, meet your conscience
espn dallas: staubach: cowboys have super bowl pot...
vegas football odds favor dallas cowboys to win th...
ten things i think i think: dallas cowboys edition
alan ball leading candidate to start at free safety

archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010













 










