


:: welcome to manna group of ministries ::
































remembering bishop ernest
prayer request
manna magazine
sitemap
contact us


reaching the world with god's compassionate love





        
          





home
about us
history
leadership profile
news & events
children
medical work
relief
church
manna tv


 






making a difference in a child's life.» »





medical work through our hospitals, clinics and leper assistance projects.» »  





manna group of ministries has endeavored to help people who have fallen victim to natural calamities and catastrophes.» »
over the years thousands of homes have been built, tens of thousands clothed and fed in addition to hundreds restored to their businesses.» »» »





manna has churches in 25 states & 5 union territories of india and other international affiliates.» »






children
                        to the least of these....


medical work
                        recovery of sight to the blind


relief
                         for those who are in need


church
                        hope for the soul




 

 
manna presentation


 

 
 

the manna group of ministries was founded in 1966 and has been reaching out to india and the world with the compassionate love of god! our vision is based on two pillars of faith as taught by jesus christ: to love god and to love our fellow brother and sister regardless of gender, race, class or creed. 
manna is a multi-faceted ministry that reaches out to our communities with the love of god both spiritually and physically. we comprise of spiritual outreach through our churches as well as bringing compassionate love to men and women in dire need through catastrophic relief, medical relief and village development programs.
we bring hope and a chance at a bright future to poor and at risk children through our orphanages, child care programs, colleges, trade schools, schools, relief programs and educational institutions.
please surf our website, enjoy the musical and video resources and we welcome you to contact us and get involved so that together we can make a difference!
ernest and rachel komanapalli
 
 

 
 
 

 


what is manna group

manna full gospel ministries
miriam children’s home
rock church ministries
rock church educational foundation
manna ministries international
paramjyothi educational foundation
rev. k.s. joseph memorial hospital
arunodaya ministries
manna international,inc


 
 
word for today 

be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love.


 —ephesians 4:2
 

 
 
news & events

our dearest friends, 

warmest spring greetings to you!

to say 2024 was a challenging year would be an understatement but with god's grace and provision, your prayers and encouragement we have kept moving forward. we have been through unprecedented financial challenges, natural disasters, and increasing persecution.  

we are grateful to each one of you for your prayers, words of encouragement and supportthat have sustained us.    

read more
 

 

 
 
 
 copyright © 2019 - 2020  manna group of ministries. all rights reserved.

 
 


