


hiraeth 1



















    
	hiraeth 1
	
  
hiraeth, a longing or homesickness

"it is difficult to define hiraeth, but to me it means the consciousness of man being out of his home area and that which is dear to him.  that is why it can be felt even among a host of peoples amidst nature's beauty; like a christian yearning for heaven."
--d. martyn lloyd jones
this blog has been retired.  i am now blogging at hiraeth





tuesday, october 03, 2006








posted by kim from hiraeth at 8:05 am
0 comments






monday, june 19, 2006



	 
	 a view from my view
	 
    


through the window



posted by kim from hiraeth at 12:35 pm
3 comments






monday, january 16, 2006



	 
	 an important announcement
	 
    


i wish to make an announcement!no, i'm not standing on a chair under the party tree, neither am i going to announce that "this is the end.  i am going.  i am leaving now.  good-bye!" and vanish, but i am going to move to a new url.starting with tomorrow morning's god's minute prayer, i will begin to publish hiraeth at it's new spot on blogger:  hiraeth.blogspot.comi have managed to transfer everything in my sidebar to the new address and have added a section with links back here to the october 2005-january 2006 archive pages. i will continue to maintain this blog for the foresee-able future so that i can re-direct my friends to my new location. other than republishing this post a couple of times, though, i won't be updating here.so if you've followed an outdated link, won't you click one more time and follow along?for those of you who have been so kind as to have bookmarked or subscribed here, i'd love it if you would follow me to the new blog and bookmark or subscribe over there. for those of you who have linked to hiraeth in your sidebar links, i would be delighted if, when you next update your blog links, you would go in and remove that pesky extra "r"(hira-r-eth) so that it reflects the new location.so, if you come back here and find the place deserted and you have a "hiraeth" for the blog, come visit me. i'll be waiting to welcome you!



posted by kim from hiraeth at 7:38 am
0 comments






saturday, january 14, 2006



	 
	 gulp. . .
	 
    


this is scary.  i'm not sure if i'm going to do it yet.  i have some questions first.my friend, kyle, pointed out to me that i have spelled hiraeth incorrectly in my url when i set up my blog. (serve me right for choosing a welsh word, eh?) i've known this and it has caused a few problems but not many. he recommended that i go in and change the url. i thought that i couldn't do it because back in october that url was taken, however, it is free now so change is a possibility.this is my question: if i go ahead and do this, will all the previous links that people have made to my blog be useless or will they continue to work somehow? i would really like to have the url match the name of the blog, but i don't want to a. lose the last four months b. lose readers c. lose links.today is a very busy day so i probably won't have time to research how to do this. if i do decide to go ahead and do this (gulp) i will make note of it here on the blog a day or two before i do it, just in case.any advice? warnings? helpful suggestions?  any and all would be most appreciated.and by the way, kyle, thanks!  :)  (i think. . .)



posted by kim from hiraeth at 8:45 am
7 comments









	 
	 god's minute
	 
    


january 14for thy name's sake, lead me, and guide me.--psalm 31:3lord, hear our prayer in the morning. we need thee all the day, through all the days. w have our call to prayer at any hour, but particularly when the night is spent, and thou hast kindled the dawn as if thou hadst made the day for us and only f0r us. then we have a strange need that thou shouldst take our hand inthine and our heart in thine and our brain in thine, and that our feet walk the road where thy footprints should show the way though thou shouldst need to leave us for a moment. we pray our morning prayer; we lift our singing hearts to thee and praise thee that all the ways we take we shall surely have the good companionship which on a day long since made hearts to burn, and turned a funeral day into one of laughter and great dreams. blessed be the lord, who has guided our going all these years, and who will continue to be our help and our rejoicing. we will make melody all day; we will walk modestly all day; we will work helpfully all day; we will do things which shall not need to be undone all day; and since these matters are too large for our accomplishment, we ask thy mighty aid. fail us not, our god. smile on our many activities and bid them godspeed to the end, that at the set of sun all may be well with our hearts, and we may be bidden by thyself into a kindly good night.amen.bishop william a. quayle,st. paul, minnesotahis poems



posted by kim from hiraeth at 7:43 am
0 comments






friday, january 13, 2006



	 
	 resolved to confess
	 
    


after nearly a month’s break from the resolutions and several sporatic attempts to get resolution 7 up on the blog, something just didn’t seem to be right. so i’d put it on the back burner and let it simmer and go back to the sections of his memoirs and some readings from his works for inspiration. if my goal in this series was simply to share what i saw in the resolution and my thoughts about it, then this would be a fairly straight forward resolution and it wouldn’t have been too difficult to get something up quickly. but that is not what i set out to do. i set out to examine the resolutions in the context of the life and writings of jonathan edwards with a view toward understanding the man and, hopefully to apply what i learned in my own life for the purpose of developing a heart after god like his. i saw in his writings a depth of character that came through his own self examination and i thought, “it would be good for me to know myself like this—i am too adept at rationalizing and defending myself.” i have come to see that i have bitten off a good deal more than i can chew, and yet i will endeavor to persevere because it does me good. and if it takes me much longer than i thought and if i lose the interest of others or if i find i am never able to sensibly share this on the blog, then so be it. protecting my own pride and not wanting to look like a quitter is not sufficient reason to carry a project on to (public) completion, and so in all this i will say along with edwards: being sensible that i am unable to do anything without god’s help, i do humbly entreat him by his grace to enable me to continue with this project, so far as it is agreeable to his will, for christ’s sake.



posted by kim from hiraeth at 9:05 am
4 comments









	 
	 god's minute
	 
    


january 13let not your heart be troubled.--john 14:1eternal god our heavenly father, we bow in gratitude before thee this morning.  we have been kept by thy power during the darkness of the night.  we are refreshed and strengthened for the duties of the new day.  thou hast made every provision for our physical needs.  accept this offering of sincere hearts.  we would begin the day aright, so we tarry at thy feet and implore the divine blessing.  we thank thee for the message of jesus christ.  write his word upon our hearts and help us to remember that thou art the source of help for men in the critical experiences of life.  we cannot see into the future so we know not what things shall come to pass this day.  the spirit of future discernment is not with us.  things of great mystery may surge around us.  we may be thrust into some dire temptation.  we may be testd almost to the limit of endurance.  help us at all times to "believe in god" and to "believe in jesus christ."  may the near personality of jesus and the preciousness of his word protect our hearts from trouble.  keep us this day from evil and help us to "hold steady" for the sake of one whose face "was set" toward calvary.  bring us in thine own good time to the place where the "mansions are" and give us the consciousness of a saving and keeping faith.  in the master's name we ask it.amen.rev. benjamin young,kansas city, missouri



posted by kim from hiraeth at 6:24 am
0 comments






thursday, january 12, 2006



	 
	 i'm having a senior moment
	 
    


i can't remember the name of a book that i've read several times to the boys when they were younger. last time was about 10 years ago when sam was in kindergarten or first grade. it's about a well educated, civilized mouse who takes his young wife on a picnic and ends up getting swept away in a storm and is marooned on an island. it's a wonderful book and it really bugs me that i can't remember the title or the author or even the mouse's name. might have had island in the title.somebody has to remember the name of this book! please! i don't want to have to go up to the cold attic tomorrow and rummage around in the boxes to find it![update]nevermind, *grin*, it was the first thing that popped into my head this morning.  abel's island. by william steig.  (although i did have to go to amazon to come up with the author)  you can get it new or used, hardback or paperback for a song at amazon so if you have young children and you've never read it to them, or if your kids are ready to read a "real book" on their own, i highly recommend it.from the back cover:  "with inimitable style, steig tells the story of a mouse, abelard hassam di chirico flint, who gets swept away in a driving rainstorm while rescuing his wife's scarf and winds up stranded on a river island for a year.  abel isn't just any mouse.  he is a fastidious edwardian dandy who's inherited wealth ensures the leisurely comforts he takes such pleasure in.  but abel's high toned life of leisure conceals a soul full of true grit:  once faced with the necessity of survival, abel rises to the challenge."--starred/booklist



posted by kim from hiraeth at 8:46 pm
1 comments









	 
	 sunshine
	 
    


    i've been waiting for that bright sunshine to show up and shine in my back door someday. luther allison  today the sun is shining! it is amazing to me how much one can overlook during extended days of gloom and cloudcover! this morning, i saw doggy noseprints on my doors and windows, dust bunnies on my hardwood floors. i saw how desperately my car needs to be washed! i saw how sluggish i had become. today the sun is shining! it is amazing to me how much one can see when the sun shines! i saw latent energy in the grass and shrubs--growth and brilliant color just bursting to return to life. i saw neighbors walking without hats, smiles on their faces and springs in their steps. i saw my garden as it will be in just a few, short months. i saw the hope of tomorrow and the hand of the almighty one who gives us good gifts in season.    just living is not enough. one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.hans christian andersen sunshine is a welcome thing. it brings a lot of brightness. jimmie davis i always feel sorry for people who think more about a rainy day ahead than sunshine today.rae foley  he that will enjoy the brightness of sunshine, must quit the coolness of the shade.samuel johnson  nobody needs a smile so much as the one who has none to give. so get used to smiling heart-warming smiles, and you will spread sunshine in a sometimes dreary world.lawrence g. lovasik  sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.john ruskin 



posted by kim from hiraeth at 8:58 am
9 comments









	 
	 god's minute
	 
    


january 12the faithful god, which keepeth covenant.--deuteronomy 7:9our heavenly father, we come to thank thee for thy many mercies, and to invoke thy protection and guidance for all the way of life.  we rejoice that we may know thee and love thee and serve thee and be like thee.  grant us grace to please thee in all that we think and plan and do.  help us to live in such fellowship with thee that thou canst not only dwell in us, but work through us.  help us to share our blessings with others, and to find in our privileges an obligaion to minister to those who need what we have.  bestow upon us strength for our daily tasks; courage in the face of fears; comfort in sorrow; quiet in the midst of tumult; hope in the presence of uncertainty; high motives for humble as well as high deeds; self-control in the hour of provocation; gentleness and forgiveness when tempted to revenge; and the peace which passeth all understanding.  hold in thy holy care all our loved ones, and keep guard over our interests in life.  give us to see the speedy coming of thy kingdom among all men, and let us have an increasing share in its establishment.  fill our hearts with songs of expectation, and flood our faces with morning light, and when the day is done, let the weariness of work make welcome the rest of home, we beg in our redeemer's name. amen.james i. vance, d.d.,nashville, tennessee



posted by kim from hiraeth at 6:25 am
0 comments






wednesday, january 11, 2006



	 
	 2
	 
    


  i've been tagged by marlene at home maker for the "2 meme".  (if you never have before, go visit marlene--she has a great blog.  if you have already, go say "hi" for me!)2 names you go by:1. mom2. honey2 parts of your heritage:1. irish2. welsh2 things that scare you:1. driving around chicago/gary in.2. when a loved one is late getting home2 of your everyday essentials:1. reading2. praying2 things you are wearing right now:1. my old green eddie bauer sweatshirt sweater2. my new earrings :)2 things you want in a relationship (other than real love):1. laughter2. integrity2 truths:1. this world is not my home2. christ in me, the hope of glory2 physical things that appeal to you (in the opposite sex):1. my husband's smile2. my husband's eyes2 of your favorite hobbies:1. cooking2. decorating2 things you want really badly:1. my unsaved loved ones to come to christ2. to be conformed to the likeness of christ2 places you want to go on vacation:1. ireland2. fort morgan beach2 things you want to do before you die:1. teach my (future) grandaughters to cook2. visit ireland2 ways that you are stereotypically a chick:1. i hate my hair2. i like to "make it all better"2 things you are thinking about now:1. i really should be making supper.2. i wonder if there's any salad leftover from last night.2 stores you shop at:1. kohls2. world marketi would like to tag some bloggers that i've just recently met; carmen at full contact christ-centric living and "created" at created for his glory



posted by kim from hiraeth at 4:34 pm
6 comments









	 
	 dogs are like toddlers. . .
	 
    


...when the weather is gloomy and yucky and they can't go outside, they get rowdy.today the girls have been playing an extended version of an old game. run and chase. when one goes outside to go potty, the other one stands at the door. . .waiting. as soon as the one comes in, off they go!they wrestle and run, they leap and skitter, they growl and pant. most especially they wag their tails.today, i'm glad they can entertain themselves.  say a prayer for my hardwood floors because they're at it again!



posted by kim from hiraeth at 12:51 pm
8 comments









	 
	 carnival of beauty
	 
    


carol at she lives is hosting this week's carnival of beauty:from snowflakes to fires, from the young to the old, from depression to joy, from warm to cold, from serious to hillarious, winter's beauty threads its way through this week's carnival.go visit carol and experience the beauty of winter through the eyes of some beautiful women.it was you who set all the boundaries of the earth; you made both summer and winter.  psalm 74:17



posted by kim from hiraeth at 8:27 am
0 comments









	 
	 god's minute
	 
    


january 11and as thy days, so shall thy strength be.--deuteronomy 33:25o lord, our ever loving father, we thank thee for thy watchful providence in the past and for the promise of thy guidance in the days to come.  as dew unto the withered flower and rain unto the parched grass, so is the knowledge of thy presence and the assurance of thy blessing to the weary human heart.  help us to begin the morning hours with the knowledge and this assurance so that we may be strong and courageous for whatever conflicts of the spirit it may be ours to wage today.  may thy kingdom come more perfectly in our own hearts and throughout the world this day.  as we grow in years, may we grow in the beauty of holiness and may the approving smile of god atone for the passing of years.  in the days of prosperity may we not forget thee, and in the days of affliction we know that thou wilt not forget us.  grant us grace to live the life of the righteous that we may be well assured our last end shall be like his.  and when thou dost call us home; be it in the morning, in the noon-day, or beneath the rays of the setting sun of old age, may thy hand sustain us and comfort us and lead us through the valley of the shadow until we awaken in the splendor of thine own everlasting morning beyond the grave.  and thine shall be the praise and the glory through christ our lord.amenrev. fredrick d. kershner,des moines, iowa



posted by kim from hiraeth at 7:49 am
0 comments











about me

name:  kim from hiraeth 

view my complete profile





lookup a word or passage in the bible








include this form on your page




links

the warehouse
the highway 
ligonier ministries
the white horse inn
monergism
the presbyterian church in america (pca)
the god blog roll
the resolutions of jonathan edwards


blogs i read

always thirsty
any similar revival
camp on this
cerulean sanctum
challis dot com
coffee swirls
covenant in blood
created for his glory
cup overflowing
david brainard's blog
full contact christ centric living
godward thoughts
hip and thigh
home maker
le sabot post-moderne
pyromaniac
quiet life
rebecca writes
rocks in my dryer
she lives
tulip girl
the upward call



study links and resources

esv bible
treasury of david
ruf hymnbook
trinity hymnal
cyber hymnal
berkhof's summary of christian doctrine

previous posts


a view from my view
an important announcement
gulp. . .
god's minute
resolved to confess
god's minute
i'm having a senior moment
sunshine
god's minute

current series

intro to series on resolutions
jonathan edward's caveat
preface to jonathan edward's diary
resolutions 1 and 2
resolution 3
resolution 4
resolution 5
resolution 6


archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
june 2006
october 2006









 




 






