










commercial: geotechnical construction services | earth tech























































(813) 909-8000
info@earthtech.com



linkedin


 





linkedin



careers
locations
 













menuhomeabout uscompany historymenardleadershiplocationswhy earth tech?safety & qualitylocal focus and experiencedesign and value engineeringproject resourcesservicesground improvementvibro compactionvibro replacementrigid inclusionsaggregate piersearthquake drainsmass soil mixinglow mobility grout rigid inclusionssinkhole pretreatment groutingmicropiling and foundation supportmicropilesductile iron pileshelical pilessodium silicate chemical groutingsinkhole grouting, foundation repair & underpinningcompaction groutingpolyurethane chemical groutingpush piersour projectscontactlocationscareersbusiness ethics




select page


  
 
 
















geotechnical construction services
innovative solutions since 1991











about us
experienced people + specialized equipment + commitment = superior results





our focus is providing geotechnical solutions for the construction industry throughout the southeast.  we provide a complete offering of services to address challenging soil conditions.  our work includes design-build applications for new construction sites, as well as repair techniques to address problems of existing foundations.  our experience, capability, and geographic focus has made us experts in the markets we serve.  we are ready to bring our professionalism and customer service to your project.




















why earth tech ?





earth tech is driven to provide exceptional value to our customers.  in a crowded industry, earth tech has chosen to focus on products and markets in which we can excel and differentiate ourselves.
we want the earth tech experience to stand out. we have assembled a  highly capable team of designers, project managers and field specialists to provide you the most innovative and cost-effective solutions delivered in an efficient and timely manner. our reputation will speak for itself.







services





we offer an array of services to be used in both new and remedial construction applications. our offering is complete, allowing us to deliver the most innovative solution at a competitive price.








ground improvement








micropiling and foundation support








sinkhole grouting, foundation underpinning and repair





 










linkedin


© 2024 earth tech all rights reserved. | privacy policy | custom web design by studio98 















ron broadrick
president
​ron has spent his entire 40+ year career in the specialty geotechnical, soil stabilization field.  he has traveled extensively throughout the us managing many large and innovative projects.  after founding earth tech in 1991, he has assembled a dream team of the most experienced, dynamic group of managers, engineers, field supervisors and support personnel in the geotechnical construction industry.  after initially focusing on stabilizing sinkhole conditions throughout florida and completing thousands of projects, ron expanded the resources of earth tech to include a full menu of stabilization and foundation techniques with complete design capabilities.  as the company continued to grow, vertical integration added specialty equipment building, drill tool fabrication and grout material production.
under ron’s leadership, earth tech has become the largest grouting company in the state and an unmatched source for all types of geotechnical construction.  ron is also the president and founder of the broadrick family foundation.  a non-profit organization that supports children’s charities that are committed to education of at- risk children, providing resources to families and foster children and breaking the cycle of poverty in the tampa bay region.  ron is a licensed general contractor in the state of florida.






			×			













badwi (bud) r. khouri, pe
vice president
bud attended the university of illinois where he earned his bachelors degree in civil engineering. he then attended oregon state university for his masters degree in structural & geotechnical engineering.
he started his professional career with urs (now aecom) in the baltimore & philadelphia regional offices for 7+ years working on design of bridges & transportation related structures. he then moved to atlanta & san francisco with the reinforced earth company where he was involved in design and marketing of mse walls and highway structures. from california bud moved to florida where he gained his vast experience in geotechnical construction for the past 25+ years. he worked in different executive positions for coastal caisson/bauer foundations and later for treviicos where he started the se division for trevi and was in charge of growing the business in the southeastern states and the caribbean.
in 2008, bud joined earth tech and helped start and grow the commercial division for the company. bud is a registered pe in 12 states (most se) including california, maryland and pennsylvania.
bud & his wife diana are blessed with 3 wonderful kids. he loves to travel to new areas of the world and to play racquetball whenever he can.






			×			













john rubright
director of strategic acquisitions, tampa
john joined earth tech, llc in january of 2020 as its director of strategic acquisitions.  prior to joining earth tech llc, john spent 30 plus years working for keller foundations and their group of companies.  john was keller’s north american president until september 2018.
john’s technical and management experience in the geotechnical construction industry is extensive. project management experience spans the full product range of deep foundations, earth retention, ground improvement and specialty grouting.
business management experience include leadership, financial, strategy, functional activities and all the responsibilities of managing a multi-faceted business with many offices, employees and contracts.
john’s role with earth tech and its parent menard usa will focus on working with management to develop and implement a strategy to grow the business into a market leader.
i am excited to be part of industry leader menard usa and look forward to our continued success.  i encourage my industry contacts to reach out to explore the opportunities we have planned.






			×			













kurt kupselaitis, m.s., p.e.
design engineer, tampa
kurt graduated from the university of south florida (usf) in 2017 and 2019 with his bachelor and master of science degrees in civil engineering with a concentration in structural & geotechnical engineering.
before completing his undergraduate education in the spring of 2017 kurt interned at kimley-horn where he joined the aviation team.  his duties included estimating and reviewing plans.
after completing his undergraduate degree and internship he decided to continue with his education at usf.  during his time in graduate school kurt helped further several research projects that primarily focused on quality control of drilled shafts during construction.  his research focused on the evaluation of strand to grout bond in post-tensioned tendons with corrosion inhibiting penetrants.
before completing his master’s degree, kurt joined earth tech as a design engineer in the fall of 2018.  his responsibilities include the design of ground improvement and structural support systems such as vibro-replacement, vibro-compaction, rigid inclusions, helical piles, and micro-piles.
kurt spends his free time with his girlfriend, valeria, and their dog, kalea.
 






			×			













curtis kanewske
project manager, charlotte
curtis graduated from virginia polytechnic institute and state university in 2014 with his bachelor’s degree in civil and environmental engineering and with a minor in green engineering. curtis’s studies focused on the geotechnical design.
after virginia tech, curtis join triad engineering as a staff engineer for 2 years working for their geotechnical and qa/qc departments. his responsibilities included coordinating geotechnical investigations, preparing proposals, preparing geotechnical reports, performing various types of laboratory testing, monitoring on site drilling activities, and field testing/inspections.
in 2016, curtis joined geoconstructors as a project manager for about 5 years managing ground improvement projects throughout the greater mid-atlantic. his responsibilities included overall project management, contract negotiating, monitoring project budgets, managing project change orders, reviewing quality control inputs, monitoring/tracking daily field progress, and finding solutions for projects’ constructability issues.
in 2021, curtis joined earth tech as project manager for the carolinas, georgia, and virginia. over his 6 years in project management, curtis has managed over 100 ground improvement projects in states/districts which include georgia, south carolina, north carolina, virginia, washington d.c., maryland, pennsylvania, and new york.






			×			













jon wiksten
director of operations
jon wiksten joined earth tech, llc in august of 2008 as its director of operations.  jon’s responsibilities include field operations, project and site safety, estimating, project management, equipment procurement, and business development. prior to jon joining earth tech, he served as vice president for bauer foundations/coastal caisson corporation, a bauer company, where he gained over 26 years of experience in field supervision and management within the foundation construction industry. jon’s construction and technical experience include: vibro replacement, vibro compaction, ductile iron piles, micro piles, drilled shafts, and augercast in place piles, cement sand vertical columns, deep cut off walls, rock anchors and many other soil improvement and deep foundation services.
during jon’s free time he enjoys fishing, riding motorcycle, and any activity that keeps him outdoors.






			×			













bryan plaskett, e.i.
project engineer, tampa
bryan graduated from the university of central florida (ucf) in 2019 with his bachelor of science in civil engineering with studies focused on geotechnical engineering.
while completing his studies at ucf bryan spent 4 years in the geotechnical engineering consulting field as an intern at tierra. upon graduating ucf bryan decided to leave the consulting field and joined earth tech as a project engineer in 2019. his duties include preparing cost estimates, proposals, and managing projects for various ground improvement systems.
bryan has passed the fundamentals of engineering exam and is currently pursing becoming registered professional engineer in the state of florida. in his spare time he enjoys boating, watching sports, and staying active.






			×			













dan coxe
business development manager, tampa
dan coxe grew up in the construction industry, working for his father’s construction firm in michigan since the age of 14.  upon graduating high school, dan furthered is education by attending baker college.  dan obtained a bachelor of business administration/associates of business management. after completing college and knowing the direction he wanted to pursue would be within the construction industry, he became a licensed general contractor within the state of michigan. after several years of operation, dan sold his business and moved to palm harbor, florida.  after relocation, dan knew he wanted to continue within the construction industry, particularly within the heavy civil construction industry.  shortly thereafter, dan was hired by earth tech where he has been happily employed as a business development manager for the s.e. united states.






			×			













mark plaskett, pe
senior project manager
mark graduated from the university of south florida in 1989 with his bachelor of science in civil engineering with studies focused on geotechnical engineering.
mark joined earth tech as a senior project manager with earth tech in 2015. prior to joining earth tech, llc. mark spent almost 20 years at hayward baker (keller) as a sr. project manager and specialized in the ground improvement side of the business where he worked on projects throughout the southeastern united states, the caribbean and central america. in addition to project management, mark also was involved in business development. prior to his tenure at hayward baker, mark spent 6 years in the geotechnical consulting engineering field.
mark is a registered professional engineer in the state of florida. he is a member of the american society of civil engineers, the florida engineering society and is a 2018 graduate of the florida engineering leadership institute.






			×			




























