

jewelry studio of hans meevis, designer of fine custom art jewelry- one of a kind jewelry designs



















      
                    
      
                    
                                                                




                        
                    





jewelry designer of fine custom art jewelry











                     jewelry 
                    designs


  

jewelry catalog


  





                     sculptures


  sculptures 
      /objets d'art


  




                     bespoke jewelry 


  

custom designs



  
before/after 
                    remodel



  
order 
                    jewelry



  




                     jewelry tutorials


  

jewelry making 
                    class


  gem carving 


 




                     jewelry tools


 
      
mini drill 
      press


 



 about us


  
who are we


 



 contact us


  

address


 



                      
site map



   


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


  


  


  



                     


 



                     


   


  


  


  



                     



                     


  


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


  


  




                       


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 













 


  



                                    designer green 
                                    tourmaline ring to best set off the verdant 
                                    green gemstone balanced with symmetry of the 
                                    pavé accent diamonds added a classical touch 
                                    with engraving from the hans meevis 
                                    collection. 


  welcome to our online jewelry and art showcase....beyond 
                    the usual!
we love what we do! it is an all-consuming passion. we take great pride in the quality craftsmanship and 
                                    our unique artistic jewelry designs and art creations.the  designer jewelry 
                                    is skilfully hand-crafted, yet undeniably artistic with the blending of metals  like 18 carat gold, 
                                    blue titanium, silver and purple gold. 
  

titanium jewelry - sportif range





                                           

                                            






blued titanium   geometric pendant ....
                                          
more details  
                                          




male - female symbol in titanium ....more 
                    details 




titanium open circle diamond pendant ...more 
                    details







  
 
 
                                      

  



  
  


  

repousse jewelry
  
 
 
                                    gem 
                                    carving
  
 

jewelry catalog 

  
 

larimar jewelry





  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 

jewelry making tutorialswe strongly believe that "knowledge is power". 
                                    jewelry and the making thereof, has enriched our life enormously. now we want to pay it forward and inspire others 
                                    interested in becoming goldsmiths. here, we always have an open door with no "goldsmithing secrets" 
                                    policy. we will share information 
                          gladly.  


the jewelry making tutorials are written by hans meevis. he strives to 
                                    break the jewelry tutorials down to a direct simplified working approach for students. these 

step by step jewelry tutorials have photographic illustrations together with detailed instructions and bench tips to 
                                    explain the concept clearly. the 

jewelry making class list is a comprehensive 
                                    overview of all the available jewelry lessons. there is a wealth of information, some freely available, 
                                    the extensive tutorials for a fee. subjects from the efficient work flow on a bench, 
                                    arranging tools, making jewelry components like six claw collets, detailed enameling instructions, 

repousse technique the 
                                    making of rings and more.
 





  
   
                                    

  
 

  
 






                          making  six claw collet   

  



tool tips - soldering
  
 
plique-a-jour
  
 

making a platinum ring 


 
                           
  
 
                           
  
  
  
  






                                     

  

mini 
                          drill press for jewelers bench 
the drill-str8
                          is designed to easily fit on a jewelers bench 
                          and instantly converts your flex shaft motor into a 
                          mini drill press and back again. the quick release 
                          clamp holds your flex shaft handpiece in posision. 
                          several brands and handpiece sizes fit this universal 
                          quick release clamp. the drill-str8 
                          is attached to the bench by c-clamp or dovetail bench 
                          system such as grs® for quick and easy removal.  
                          see this video demonstration 


how the drill-str8 mini drill 
                          press works  on your bench 
                          and easily integrates with a small footprint on your 
                          workbench. 

advantages of the 
                          drill-str8:
- 
precision drilling- uses your 
                          existing flex shaft motor- easy bench 
                          integration- economical use of burrs
                          - suitable for many flex shaft handpieces-
                          multiple functionality like glass drilling, 
                          polishing, and wax shaping
click on the link to see 
                                    more on product specification, pricing and 
                                    shipping options of the 

                                    drill-str8 mini drill press. 




 





 

bespoke jewelry 
                                    designs
                                    you are unique! celebrate your individuality 
                                    by commissioning your very own bespoke 
                                    jewelry piece. a beautiful, unique jewelry 
                                    design with you in mind, evokes special  
                                    memories, reflects your style and sets you 
                                    apart...the secret to a successful 
                                    collaboration, is to bring life to your 
                                    ideas of a dream design, by having an innate 
                                    ability to interpret spoken and unspoken  
                                    design wishes and then adding a dash of 
                                    technical guidance to the mix.  
we will be 
                                    more than happy to assist and guide you in 
                                    making that exclusive one-of-a-kind jewelry 
                                    piece, which is tailor made for you. 
                                    information and frequently asked questions 
                                    are answered in the section how to go about 
                                    to
                          

order jewelry which 
                                    is custom made. these  

before/after remodeling  
                                    images show many possibilities or contact us 
                                    for a free consultation. 
for those 
                                    of you, that have a custom-designer jewelry 
                                    wish list, browse through our extensive 
                                    jewelry portfolio - 

jewelry catalog 
                                    to get ideas and see our 

                                    custom designed jewelry. 

now is the 
                                    time, while the gold price is high, to 
                                    recycle your gold scraps and gems, and have 
                                    a unique jewelry piece made for you, at a 
                                    fraction of the cost, as can be seen in 
                                    these 

before /after pictures of 
                                    remodeling jewelry.


                                    bespoke jewelry samples - custom designed

  
                             
                          









  
                          









 





  



 



  






based on one 
                                    of our larimar gemstone designs, this 
                                    pendant was custom made to  
                                    specifications and joint collaboration in 
                                    silver fused with 14k gold.    

  
 
replacing sentimental jewelry from a photo. 
                                    all we had was a grainy picture. step by step we re-created this sentimental 18ct  quartz pendant.

 

these titanium wedding bands were made from a 
                                    rendering with exact specification and a some technical recommendations from us.  
  
 

this before / after remodeling shows the 
                                    dramatic changes bringing the pear-shape ruby to life. a few small rubies were added for an extra punch.
                                     


 





  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

sculptures

                                    a natural progression followed into the arts, by a need to continually push the boundaries of goldsmithing skills to new 
                                    heights. limitless imagination in a fantasy world meets form and functionality, which are the foundation 
                                    of the  

hans meevis art creations. it is an alternative outlet and expression 
                                    for hans, the 
                                    artist.  
  
  
                                    

  fodiator bow              
                                    
cannon bow
  
                                                           
                                    
ptero bow


  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  















veldhofstraat, 6471ck eygelshoven, netherlands 
                    tel: +(31) 646 77 6214
                    e-mail: jewelry@meevis&#46com
                     


 


  


 


 


 


 


 


 
                           











