





windmill point farm – just another wordpress site





























skip to content







windmill point farm

just another wordpress site







menu
aboutcontactfaqhomeprivacythe farmwhat’s new 








home 

welcome to windmill point farm
windmill point farm is a beautiful 70 acre property on ile perrot, an island just 30 minutes from montreal, canada.



our farm is a beacon for those with a social conscience who are looking for a healthier food source. customer support for our special fruit and veggies is growing every year. by supporting our local farm they safeguard their own health and that of the planet.  some extend their support by growing our seeds and plants in their own gardens. most canadians now eat mostly imported food (over 90%) from distant farms in other countries. farmers here must change and grow what people want to eat.




we are changing and aim to provide local food year round. come help us “pioneer” the return of our food supply!



new csa program
we are very excited to bring back our csa program.  imagine having garden fresh fruits and veggies delivered on a regular basis.  more info 







we specialize in exotic, colourful fruit and veggies for every taste. we sell trees, plants and seeds adapted to cold climates.  we also offer unique gift items and a variety of workshops.










shop online for some of our products


check out our product catalogue


call us to place an order or to make an appointment


visit our farmer’s market on saturdays






new order forms
for our visitors that would prefer to send an order via fax or by mail, we have added new downloadable order forms, for your added convenience.





download seed order form





download tree order form












organic prophecies
this award winning dvd, won first place at the earth vision film and video festival, is a documentary made about windmill point  farm, made by ryan young.
meet dr. ken taylor, an farmer with a phd in chemistry, better able than most to assess the damage to our bodies and to the environment by buying genetically engineered and pesticide-laden food. more »



we are looking forward to welcoming you to the farm.  you will delight in the array of fresh fruit and vegetables available this fall…
meet our partners 360 wildlife control !
 
 









 

archives




meta

log in









copyright © 2025 windmill point farm. all rights reserved.theme: accelerate by themegrill. powered by wordpress. 










