






weight loss resources - weight loss resources




















fad free tools for healthy weight loss










 

enter
weight loss program and diet tools for healthy weight loss

popular foods calorie counter and online calorie and nutrition databases.
keep a food diary - the most powerful path to changing your diet.
see how many calories you need to reach your weight loss goal.
browse our recipes, calorie count your own recipes.

enter

 






take our free trial
membership options





























highlights
get on the right road to healthy, sustainable weight loss with our slim habits 2024 challenge!

if 2024 is your year to reach your goals, get inspired and embed some healthier habits - use the calculator to see how much you could lose...try it free
 



how eating mindfully can help you lose weight
if you’ve been trying to lose weight but you tend to overeat, then mindful eating could be just what you need to improve your relationship with food.

a real weight control 'secret'
really easy, painless, less than 2 minutes way to get a beneficial effect on weight without any other dietary or exercise intervention
7 stone lost in 13 months
there’s a ‘tipping point’ in discovering that you can control your weight. we wish we could bottle it to give to everyone who struggles from one diet to another. susan captures the essence in her 7 stone weight loss story
help for getting started
need a diet plan? 26 weekly plans to choose from
there's a starting point for everyone here, add a plan to your food diary and you can mix and match to your heart's content.
10 easy ways to reduce calories for weight loss
it is possible to steadily lose pounds over time without the dreaded d word. here's 10 practical, actionable, easy ways to do it. you only need to find one or two that will work for you to make a difference
lose weight in 6 weeks
it can be easier to get started, and keep going, if you set a fixed time. here's how to work out how much you can lose and how to do it, with dietitian's tips for each week.
quiz: are you ready to lose weight?
you want to lose weight, but have you got the right mindset for long term success? this quiz provides a reality check for your mindset, along with insights into any readiness gaps your answers reveal.
how to make a plan that works for you
the problem with restrictive eating plans is that they can be very difficult to maintain - other people don't know you well enough to take your individual lifestyle into account. but you do ...
how many calories do you need to lose weight?
there are 6 factors that make a difference, here's what they are and how to work out your own calorie needs for the weight you want to be.
weight loss and diet essentials
how to lose weight
our practical guide to getting started will show you how to build the foundations for successful, effective weight loss that you can maintain over the long term.
low calorie recipes
you don't have to deprive yourself of great food when you're trying to lose weight, try some of our yummy meals and snacks
how long does it take to lose weight?
illustrated by the graphs of real people who have succesfully lost from 2-9 stones and maintained a loss.
different diets – the pros and cons
from healthy to extreme and even downright daft, here's our experts' in-depth reviews of popular diet plans in an easy to use a-z format
daily calorie intake
so how many calories 'should' you be eating each day? how many do people in the uk consume? your questions answered


popular in weight loss

losing weight made simple-
weight loss motivation
top 10 weight loss tips
how to lose weight well series 3
how to cut portions without feeling hungry
how often should you weigh yourself?
think you can't lose weight?
tom kerridge: lose weight for good
fruit and veg for weight loss
success stories

exercise favourites

walking for weight loss
resistance exercise
how to get started with exercise
aerobic exercise
pt's home workout plan



dietitian's diet reviews

slimming world review
juice plus review
weight watchers review
lighter life review
paleo diet review
gi diet review
cost of dieting

diet plans

happy new you plan
7 day detox plan
vegetarian diet plan
diet food delivered
7 day low gi plan
30 diet tips to help you lose weight
the budget diet plan
the working person's diet plan
diet for men

healthy eating

healthy eating 5-a-day

high fibre diet
high protein diets
low carb diets
low fat diets
south beach diet

zone diet

body weight
healthy weight

height weight chart
ideal weight
bmi calculator
weight conversion calculator
body fat percentage



calories

calorie counter
all about calories
breakfast cereals
chicken & meat
chinese food
chocolate & sweets
crisps & snacks
drinks
eggs and dairy
fast food
fruit
ice cream
indian food
low calorie / low fat
nuts & seeds
sandwiches & takeaway
vegetables

calorie counting

diet success
1000 calorie diet menu

burning calories

burn more calories
dieting and metabolism
speed up metabolism

calorie needs

calories needed a day
portion sizes
calorie intake
how many calories to lose weight?
main meals

slimming
slimming tips

success story
slimming supplements
slimming pills review
xenical and reductil
popular slimming tablets

slimming information

calories in a pound of fat
set a weight loss goal
find the best diet
slimming programme
slimming menu plan
burn calories


back to top



* note: the success stories published on weight loss resources are written by wlr members, past and present, telling their own stories in their own words. as you will see if you read more than one or two of them, everyone's story is different and they have reached their success from a variety of starting points and lost weight at varying rates. individual results may vary.








goals and results
set a weight loss goal using flexible parameters personal to you. charts and graphs show your progress.


food
keep a calorie counted food diary, use your nutrition profile to make sure you maintain a healthy diet during your weight loss. calorie count your favourite recipes.


exercise
keep an online exercise diary and exercise plan. access the weight loss resources database to see how many calories you'll burn!


members forum
share your weight loss experiences and diet tips with like-minded weight loss resources members.




about us
terms of use
privacy policy
sitemap
contact us

the tools and information on the weight loss resources site are intended as an aid to weight loss and weight maintenance, and do not offer medical advice. if you suffer from, or think you may suffer from, a medical condition you should consult your doctor before starting a weight loss and/or exercise regime. if you decide to start exercising after a period of relative inactivity you should start very slowly and consult your doctor if you experience any discomfort, distress or any other symptoms. if you feel any discomfort or pain when you exercise, do not continue. the tools and information on the weight loss resources site are not intended for women who are pregnant or breast-feeding, or for any person under the age of 18. copyright © 2000-2021 weight loss resources ltd. all product names, trademarks, registered trademarks, service marks or registered service marks, mentioned throughout any part of the weight loss resources web site belong to their respective owners.












