







muddlepuddle home education - resource site for home educators in the uk




























































 skip to main content skip to primary sidebar skip to footerhome education
learning styles
resources
subjects
topics
books
by age range
contact us
muddlepuddle home educationresource site for home educators in the ukmain contentwelcome to muddlepuddle 2018
thank you for stopping by. muddlepuddle is having a long overdue revamp and being made ready for the next part of our home ed journey with our youngest girl and our youngest boy. i'm busy moving content on to the new platform but am very aware lots needs updating and improving. please bear with me while i sort out the rubble!

a server change has necessitated a change of theme, which i don't currently have time to sort out. please 'bear with me' as the saying goes'.

resources
the best play dough recipes on the internet.homemade play was a staple of our early home educating life and the recipe (which in the days before pinterest or even google) i learned from playgroup teachers and has remained my go to one ever since. playdough recipe 2 cups of plain flour 1 cup of salt 2 cups of water 2 tablespoons of […]

topics
great tudor project days outthere are so many great places to visit that have tudor links, even before you start on all the demolished abbeys, monasteries and so on. kentwell hall – period events in costume and kept ‘exactly as was’ at a beautiful venue. well worth a visit to see the care the re-enactors take in costume making […]
more posts from this category
primary sidebarall about me
mother of a lot of children, sometime home educator, collector of ideas & starter of many projects.

follow me


content archives
content archives
select category
books
craft ideas
early years
featured post
gardening
general
guest crafter
health & issues
home education
learning styles
   charlotte mason
   montessori
   structured
resource collections
subjects
   art
   geography
   history
   languages
   maths
   reading
   religion
   science
topics
   autumn
   butterflies
   china
   dinosaurs
   halloween
   sea life
   seasonal activities
   space
   tudors
   wild animals



search this website
read our blog




subscribe to blog via email


enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.



							email address						







 
							subscribe						



					join 5,515 other subscribers				



recent posts


technology & play time – where do you stand?


father’s day across the globe: how it’s celebrated.


learning online – making the most of the internet.


editorial: 7 ways to become a primary school teacher


editorial: jeremy corbyn’s view on nationalising education



muddlepuddle on pinterest
    visit muddlepuddle's profile on pinterest.

merrilyme on pinterest
visit merrily's profile on pinterest.

book reviews
books for learning about wild animals.each month we receive a book through the post from parragon publishers, who send us releases they would like us to review. this month was particularly exciting for the boy as the book in question has buttons and makes noises! now i have a long history with ‘noise button’ books which tended to be of […]
more posts from this category
early years resources
colouring pagesupdated 2015: a trimmed and updated list of colouring websites covering lots of topics and all freely available to download or print. please feel free to send in suggestions.



coloring.ws from dltk - colouring sheets grouped by topic and event.

coloring book - sheets to print and colour from famous series and films, including disney.

activity village - loads of sheets from all topics, … read more about colouring pages
butterfly information
butterfly project2015 update: this page has been refreshed.

butterfly interest is fueling some excellent ideas from my three year old at the moment. its a shame we didn't start it earlier but what we are doing now should be ground work for a similar project next year. so, we are using the butterflies to explore some other ideas that are relevant to her current interests.

butterfly information links and … read more about butterfly project
home education resources
curriculum suppliersthere are many ways of home educating children and some of them involve using entirely, or partly, pre-prepared curriculum from companies who put together sets of books or appropriately graded activities and subjects for simplicity and a cohesive form of structured study.

within these curriculum supplies there is often the opportunity to be extremely flexible with how you personally use the … read more about curriculum suppliers
maths resources
maths links – updated 2015this page was originally inspired by the enthusiasm on the muddlepuddle yahoo group for miquon and singapore maths, particularly using cuisinaire rods. the first few links will hopefully help you find what we did, in terms of equipment and information. lower down are new online resources added in the 2015 update. i'm happy to receive suggestions.

learning maths experiences one and two and three
footergetting started with home ed
home ed quickstart2015 update: i'm looking for info on the current best support forums; please let me know what i need to alter.

getting to understand h.e.

this page should hopefully answer a few of your questions if you are just finding out about home education. below these paragraphs are some pertinent links to sites to give more detail and help. the below is reproduced with permission from … read more about home ed quickstart
home education websites
home education websitesif you have already started your research on home education, you will probably have found these sites. but in case this is the first time you have heard of it or this is the first site you find, i have found help and inspiration on all these sites and i hope you do too, whether you want to home educate, want to take a greater part in the education of your child or are desperately searching for … read more about home education websites
home education styles
home educating styles & voicesupdated for 2015. many of the links on this page were no longer valid. if you know of a website (not for profit) that would benefit this page, please do email it in to me via the contact us page. see also the home education learning styles page.

montessori
i can fill a whole page with montessori links, just for starters, so that is what i have done! click above to get to a page full of sites … read more about home educating styles & voices
© 2025 designed by merry raymond on the metro-pro genesis theme log inthis website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept





























