



	gardeners best - plants - waterwise, indoor, house, patio, bird & insect attracting, border plants

















































































stay in touch with gardeners best by joining our email mailing list.










 





welcome to gardeners best



















callistemon range - eureka ® (tall upright shrub 3m x 2m with red to purple flowers) matthew flinders pbr (dwarf hybrid 75cm x 50cm with crimson-red flowers) rose opal ® (shrub 2m x 2m with deep red to rose flowers) are all excellent evergreen australian natives.














 
grevillea range - golden yul-lo pbr (medium to tall shrub 3m x 2m with brighty yellow flowers) honey wonder pbr (medium shrub 2m x 1.5m with honey coloured flowers) honey gem ® (medium shrub 3m x 2m with honey gold flowers) coastal impressive pbr (fast growing medium to tall shrub 4m x 1.5 m with dusty pink flowers) coastal dawn pbr (fast growing medium shrub 3m x 1.5m with dark pink coloured flowers) coastal sunset pbr (fast growing medium shrub 3m x 1.5m with bright orange flowers) coastal twilight pbr (fast growing medium shrub 3m x 1.5m with terracotta flowers) coastal prestige pbr (fast growing medium to tall shrub 4m x 1.5m with rosy pink flowers). queensland bred gravilleas which bloom for most of the year.









 
hardenbergia bushy blue pbr is an australian native plant. it has masses of violet pea-shaped flowers in long clusters during late winter and early spring.









 
elaeocarpus prima donna ® is a hardy, tall growing australian native tree, 6m x 2m. it bears masses of pink ballerina skirt-like flowers late spring/early summer. the dense foliage is an attractive bronze green when young...









 
leptospermum range - pacific beauty (dwarf shrub 1m x 1m with fine lacy cascading foliage smothered in attractive pink buds with large white flowers) little lemon scents pbr (graceful weeping shrub 1m x 1m with snow-white flowers in spring) are ideal specimen shrubs and landscape plants.









 
melaleuca range - little red pbr (dwarf shrub 1m x 1m with spectacular purple red new growth from april to october) revolution gold ® (tall shrub 4m x 2m with gold foliage - fast growing hardy specimen - excellent screening hedge) revolution green ® tall shrub 4m x 2m with green foliage - fast growing hardy specimen - excellent screening hedge).

















 








allamanda cherry ripe ® produces striking clusters of dark cherry coloured trumpet flowers from spring through to autumn.









 
columnea cascading beauty is a magnificent hanging plant grown primarily for its striking foliage colour.









 
cordyline purple sensation pbr is a strappy plant which grows to a height of 2m and a width of 1.5m. it has attractive maroon/purple foliage with pinkish-red mid stripes.









 
dianella golden streak ® is an attractive clumping plant, with a moderate growth rate - to a height and width of approximately 0.6m - 1 metre and 0.6m. it features bright green broad strappy foliages with contrasting yellow stripes, and bears delicate blue flowers in winter/spring.









 
dipladenia range - my fair lady pbr(white) / guinevere pbr (pink) / scarlet pimpernel pbr (rich red) / wilma’s choice pbr (dusty pink) / red riding hood ® (red fading to pink) are more compact, have more flowers and flower for longer periods.









 
gardenia true love ® with its large pure white blooms up to 100mm across are borne in profusion at the beginning of summer.









 
gloxinia jingles ® with its bright orange red to crimson-red bell-shaped flowers can be used as a patio pot, hanging basket or ground cover.









 
ixora range - gold fire ® (tangerine) / gold fire (yellow) / pink malay (coral pink) / sunkist (scarlet) are hardy and unique ixoras bearing vibrant coloured flowers in profusion during the warmer months of the year.















 








asplenium victoria pbr will grow to a height and width of 1.5m and has all the hardy positive features of the japanese bird’s nest fern, asplenium antiquum but has a dramatic eye catching look that is absolutely unique.









 
dieffenbachia camille/nellie are compact and extremely leafy. attractive cream and green leaves.ficus range - bushy king pbr (grey-green foliage) bushy prince pbr (glossy green foliage) 









 
bushy princess pbr (grey-green leaves with white margins) are excellent specimens in any container. excellent plants for interior locations.




















