












subaru cars, suvs, crossovers & hybrids | subaru of america
























































popular searches






connected services
eyesight driver assist technology
parts and accessories






helpful links






customer service
vehicle recalls
all vehicles






special offers
local inventory
our company

























































































































meet the
subaru family





























































































subaru loves to help.
this season, for our subaru loves to help initiative, subaru and our retailers are partnering with operation warm® to provide over 130,000 children with brand-new coats, shoes, and socks.













built to last

every subaru is built with quality parts and precision engineering, so you can count on your subaru vehicle to be with you for the long road ahead. this legendary reliability and longevity has earned awards from automotive experts and inspired loyalty from subaru drivers everywhere.













committed to safety

our engineers are dedicated to protecting you and your passengers on every drive. it’s why we’re consistently leading the industry with award-winning safety technology and why families keep coming back to subaru year after year.













always ready for adventure

almost every subaru vehicle we make features standard symmetrical all-wheel drive for optimal balance and an even distribution of power so you can count on maximum traction, exceptional stability, and impressive efficiency — no matter the conditions.



























meet the eight subaru consumer reports recommended models.
















special offers through march 31.
for a limited time, get special low rates on select new vehicles.














introducing the new 2026 crosstrek hybrid.
the ready-for-anything crosstrek is about to evolve. the new 2026 subaru crosstrek hybrid will let you explore farther with greater levels of fuel efficiency plus lower emissions.














introducing the new 2025 forester hybrid.

the new 2025 forester hybrid features an all-new hybrid powertrain and legendary subaru symmetrical all-wheel drive for lower emissions, higher efficiency, and all-weather traction.




























explore subaru
our vehicles will inspire drivers like you to become a subaru owner for life. find out what makes us more than a car company.
















connect with us





















































































about subaru



















other subaru sites





















© subaru of america, inc. use of this site signifies your acceptance of the terms & conditions.

















privacy policies

california privacy

cookie and ad preferences 











 english 

 chinese 中文 

 español 




















* msrp does not include destination and delivery charges, tax, title, and registration fees. destination and delivery includes handling and inland freight fees and may vary in some states. prices, specifications, options, features, and models subject to change without notice. select colors may be subject to an additional charge. see your retailer for more information.
** epa fuel economy estimates. actual mileage will vary with driving conditions and your vehicle’s condition.
^ now through february 28, 2025, get 2.9% apr financing for 72 months on a new 2025 outback. manufacturer offer. no down payment required. monthly payment of $15.15 per $1,000 financed. offer may vary by location. other rates and payment terms available. cannot be combined with any other coupon, direct/email offer or promotional offer unless allowed by that offer. financing for well-qualified applicants only. length of contract is limited. subject to credit approval, vehicle insurance approval and vehicle availability. vehicle may not be in stock. estimated delivery to be determined upon ordering. see participating retailers for details. must take delivery from retailer stock by february 28, 2025.

^^ now through february 28, 2025, get 3.9% apr financing for 48 months on a new 2025 crosstrek. manufacturer offer. no down payment required. monthly payment of $22.53 per $1,000 financed. offer may vary by location. other rates and payment terms available. cannot be combined with any other coupon, direct/email offer or promotional offer unless allowed by that offer. financing for well-qualified applicants only. length of contract is limited. subject to credit approval, vehicle insurance approval and vehicle availability. vehicle may not be in stock. estimated delivery to be determined upon ordering. see participating retailers for details. must take delivery from retailer stock by february 28, 2025.
‡‡ now through february 28, 2025, get 4.9% apr financing for 72 months on a new 2025 forester. manufacturer offer. no down payment required. monthly payment of $16.06 per $1,000 financed. offer may vary by location. other rates and payment terms available. cannot be combined with any other coupon, direct/email offer or promotional offer unless allowed by that offer. financing for well-qualified applicants only. length of contract is limited. subject to credit approval, vehicle insurance approval and vehicle availability. vehicle may not be in stock. estimated delivery to be determined upon ordering. see participating retailers for details. must take delivery from retailer stock by february 28, 2025.
some vehicles shown with accessory or aftermarket equipment.





























