






dover township – building futures and creating memories























































 skip to content 

 











 


















 

searchsearch 



 


		skip to content	
home
faqs
boards

board of supervisors
industrial & commercial development committee
code enforcement board
planning commission
sewer authority
zoning hearing board


departments

administration

act 44
employee achievements
job openings
newsletter
on-lot septic
open records & the right to know law
taxes


public works

construction specifications
facilities & parks

lantern fly trap video
leaf collection


ms4 & watershed management
public water system

bottled vs tap
frozen pipes
hydrant flushing
meters and valves
source of water
treatment of water
valve exercising


roads department

adopt-a-road
current road work


sanitary sewer system

cleanouts & manhole covers
flushable wipes cause expensive repairs
f.o.g.
growing sewers
inflow and infiltration

i&i
i & i detection


preventing backups
replacing the “bam”
roots 101
sanitary sewer easements
to flush or not to flush


utility billing
wastewater treatment plant

about the plant staff
biosolids treatment and handling
chapter 94 report
final effluent
flow to the plant
i&i
laboratory
news at the plant
picture gallery
plant outreach
q&a




parks & recreation
ema
gis & mapping
trash & recycling
planning
building / property codes

permits & forms




permits & forms
useful links

dover area ambulance
dover area school district
dover borough

municipality
union fire & hose co.


dover eagle foundation
fire department
heritage senior center
historical society
library
police
scouts

boy scouts of america
boy scouts local
girl scouts
troop 67


senior living help
sports organizations
utilities

adams electric
at&t
columbia gas
comcast
consumer affairs electric suppliers
directtv
dish
dish latino
frontier internet
hughesnet
met-ed
penn waste
verizon


york adams tax bureau


minutes
ordinances
view utility account
contact
  



 

  
 






 

 

welcome to dover townshipthe dover township municipal building is located at 2480 west canal rd in beautiful dover, pennsylvania. click the image to get directions using google maps. if you would like to contact us via phone, please call 717-292-3634. 





 welcome to dover township!  on behalf of the board of supervisors of dover township and all municipal employees, i am pleased to welcome you to our municipal website, which is a resource that we are constantly working to improve for the good of our residents. the website details the efforts of the board of supervisors, appointed officials, and township personnel in the administration and operation of our infrastructure to provide you with quality services. information on how those services are provided is detailed within the website. the website also provides useful information on the wonderful community you have chosen to live in and the community activities provided by dover township and other organizations that make this a community in which you can create lasting memories.

as township manager, it is my sincere hope that you find this website to be useful and informative in the development of your understanding of our local government, its essential services provided and the opportunities for engagement in the community.


dover township is a growing community with a hometown feel. it is a community where a full range of efficient municipal services are provided daily. the board of supervisors and i take great pride in providing high quality municipal services.  our staff works tirelessly to seize opportunities at grant funding in order to improve this community with as little need for tax increases as possible.  since 2016, we have been able to bring $4.29 million dollars in grant funds to the dover community for planning initiatives, public infrastructure improvements, pollution reduction, flood mitigation and recreation growth.  we will continue this worthwhile endeavor to provide quality services for you. i hope you enjoy exploring our website and find it to be an informative description of our local government as we continue to build a future our community can take pride in.


we welcome you to our community.  


sincerely,
laurel a. oswalt, cpm
township manager

  

active developments 

 




							if you are building or buying a home, dover township has many developments that can provide a variety of housing options to you and your family. our planning and building department works with developers and home owners alike to help you obtain the proper approvals to become an important part of our community.							
						

learn more...  





businesses 

 




							interested in developing a new business or expanding your current one? dover township has been working through its industrial and commercial development committee to promote our community as a wonderful place to develop your business. our hope is that the content you find here will help you decide that dover township is where your business needs to be!							
						

learn more...  



 recent posts, information & articles 





welcome new residents





 hello and welcome to the area! we are pleased that you chose a home in dover and hope that you grow to enjoy the area as much as we all do. below you will find the new residents packet available for download. if you would like an original, paper copy,…
 continue reading




march 21, 2023

february 21, 2024administration, public notice 




don’t miss notifications and alerts from dover township





 want to know what’s going on in dover township? sign-up for savvy citizen   savvy citizen will keep you better informed of important township news and happenings in our community. sign-up for for apple and android users is simple and free. become more savvy and receive useful township updates, community…
 continue reading




march 21, 2023

march 24, 2023administration, public notice 




2025 sponsorship guide





 dover recreation’s 2025 sponsorship guide is now available. please join us as we bring the fun to dover. please see the guide at the link below:   2025 sponsorship guide    
 continue reading




february 12, 2025

february 12, 2025parks and recreation, public notice 




job opening – emergency services coordinator





 dover township (population 23,000+) seeks an experienced candidate in a newly created senior level position in the areas of long-term strategic planning, finance, administration, and coordination of emergency services to include fire, ems, and emergency management projects and activities including implementation of initiatives and programs. additional duties include review and…
 continue reading




february 7, 2025

february 7, 2025fire department, public notice 




job opening – sewer maintenance & repair worker iii





 dover township york county pa entry level sewer maintenance and repair worker iii dover township is accepting applications for an entry level sewer maintenance and repair worker.  all entry level sewer maintenance and repair worker iii candidates must possess a high school diploma or ged and be able to obtain…
 continue reading




january 30, 2025

january 30, 2025public notice, sanitary sewer 




job opening – receptionist





 dover township york county pa receptionist dover township (population 23,000) is seeking qualified candidates for the position of receptionist. duties include, but are not limited to, answering phones, greeting visitors, directing complaints to the proper person, clerical support to the planning and public works departments, providing back-up to the water…
 continue reading




january 30, 2025

january 30, 2025administration, public notice 




dover rec plan 2025 goals





 in 2023, dover township and dover borough completed a joint comprehensive recreation, parks and open space plan (rec plan).  the rec plan set six different goals with many recommendations for each goal. renewal and investment recreation for all recreation program expansion relationship and capacity building identity and awareness connected community…
 continue reading




january 21, 2025

january 23, 2025parks and recreation 




dover rec plan 2024 update





 in 2023, dover township and dover borough completed a joint comprehensive recreation, parks and open space plan (rec plan).  the rec plan set six different goals with many recommendations for each goal. renewal and investment recreation for all recreation program expansion relationship and capacity building identity and awareness connected community…
 continue reading




january 21, 2025

january 21, 2025parks and recreation 




refuse & recycling bid tab results





 please click the link below to view the pdf results of the refuse and recycling bid tabulation: refuse and recycling bid tabs    
 continue reading




january 21, 2025

january 21, 2025bids, trash & recycling 




penndot road closure





 dover township was notified by penndot about a detour that will be in place starting 2/19/2025. this detour is due to penndot performing rehabilitation/replacement of the bridge on sr 4014 (harmony grove road), over the conewago creek. this bridge is located at the dover township and warrington township line. the…
 continue reading




january 20, 2025

january 20, 2025public notice, roads & highways 




2025 fee schedule





 click the link below for the approved 2025 fee schedule (resolution 2025-01): 2025 fee schedule    
 continue reading




january 7, 2025

january 7, 2025administration, public notice 




free tax prep assistance for seniors





 free individual income tax preparation in york county, pa aarp foundation tax-aide volunteers are dedicated to providing free, high-quality federal, state, and local income tax form preparation to taxpayers, regardless of aarp membership, with special attention to taxpayers 50 years old and over. see attachment for more info… aarp tax…
 continue reading




january 6, 2025

january 6, 2025public notice 




winter 2025 newsletter





 the digital version of the winter 2025 newsletter is now available through the link or attachment below: winter 2025 newsletter    
 continue reading




january 3, 2025

january 3, 2025public notice 




dover township building addition and renovation project





 in 2017, when the township contemplated the public works garage project, the intent was to complete an addition on the administrative building as well.  unfortunately, the actual bids for those improvements were higher than the township’s budget and the decision was made to proceed with the garage portion of the…
 continue reading




january 3, 2025

january 3, 2025administration, public notice 

123›»


 
 

 





 




dover township is a second class township located in beautiful york county, pennsylvania 
2480 west canal rd dover, pa 17315 
717-292-3634   











 
	dover township's website is developed & maintained by:  nathan stone






 

















