












midwest food equipment services







































































800-288-7060
midwest@mfeservice.com



facebook




google


 





facebook




google



 












place a service call
parts
survey
employment
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 













factory certified & trained








established in 1970








celebrating over 50 years in business






















our focus
our focus is to insure the continued operations, ongoing work, compensation, financial stability and security and personal fulfillment of our employees, customers and suppliers.
midwest food equipment service, a genuine oem parts provider: is about more than simply repairing equipment with top quality service.   we work with you, creating a partnership that is mutually beneficial and have a vested interest in mutual success.
with over 50 years in the food service business and over 200 years of combined certified technician experience, we understand running a commercial kitchen can be stressful enough without having to worry about the reliability of equipment.   down equipment equates to lost income and unhappy customers, a stress you don’t need.   with service available 24/7 365 days a year* and a large comprehensive network of part suppliers, midwest is poised to provide you with quick and friendly , available same day service that makes the worry of down equipment go away.


contact us



parts & service


=

ranges




=

fryers




=

ovens




=

steamers




=

griddles




=

and much more...













we are committed to partnering with our employees, customers and suppliers to provide quality parts and professional service for commercial kitchens in west michigan.











partnership
midwest is factory certified with all major manufacturers. from installation of brand new equipment, repairing existing equipment, to training and warranty service: midwest is capable of providing a solution for all our partners needs.

collaboration
midwest is committed to furthering the education of our cfesa certified technicians. we maintain excellent relationships with the manufacturers we represent allowing us access to knowledge and training that enables our master certified technicians to knowledgably service the newest models and provide startup training to your staff.

service
midwest separates ourselves from the rest of the competition with top quality, friendly, knowledgeable service.  we  strive to provide more than access to parts.  our parts department has working knowledge of the equipment we service which gives us the advantage in helping you identify the parts you need, often locating alternative and affordable solutions for even discontinued units.

value
being more than a parts and service company, by continually re-investing in our employee’s technical knowledge and partnerships with manufacturers, our customers find value in the services midwest provides.















we have the knowledge and the experienceto meet all your food equipment needs.


contact us







have a question? we have an answer.
fill out the form below, we want to help you.


name*


first



last


email*

phone*company/organization (if applicable) department*servicepartsgeneral informationwarrantyemploymenthow would you like us to follow up with you?*


phone



email
how can we assist you?*captcha
  




















midwest food equipment service locations









 







privacy policy
 
 





facebook




google



© 2025, all rights reserved
 eieio online marketing™  and website design by valorous circle llc
 

 
 
 


pin it on pinterest










































share this





facebook





google+





twitter





pinterest





gmail





print friendly





linkedin





 























