








home - love your song


































skip to content



 




love your song
come home to your voice








    menu	
home
about
offerings  

voice lessons
songwriting mentorship
vocal recovery


imagine
testimonials
blog
contact

  scroll down to content

join the mailing list











home


do you want to sing with confidence, freedom and joy?
are you looking for words and melodies to express your truth?
my name is alexis eggertsen. i am a voice teacher and songwriting coach.
i offer a joyful, supportive and effective approach to freeing your voice, which utilizes professional techniques while honoring the power of your body, heart and spirit.
finding your voice is coming home to yourself.











about


my name is alexis. i am a singer-songwriter and a compassionate, warm-hearted and joyful teacher. i am here to support your voice and your expression.
 vocal experience
i have 25 years of vocal experience in opera, musical theatre, jazz, pop, rock, folk, classical indian and some world indigenous music traditions. i also have decades of experience with songwriting and musical composition. i have been through losing my voice and rehabilitating it. i have also been through reclaiming the power of my voice and my creativity after trauma. my teaching methods incorporate all this experience, as well as my genuine love and respect for all people.
discovering your voice, whether it’s through befriending the mechanics of your own body as you sing a song you already know, or through choosing the words and melodies that express your own unique heart, is a journey home. finding my voice is a continual process of discovering what has been here for me, all along. it is finding my center, my foundation, my body, my heart, my breath, my support, my authority, my guidance, my joy, my truth, myself. i believe that our voices have the potential to heal and transform ourselves and others. i believe that by finding our voices, we bring more precision, beauty, empowerment, flow and freedom to all that we do.
singing with the elements is good for the spirit
 learn more about alexis











offerings


voice lessons : love your voice
free your true, beautiful, empowered voice!
do you want to sing with confidence, freedom and joy?
everyone can sing. everyone has a unique and special voice. every voice is important and worthy. 
are you seeking tools, technique and support as you reach your full vocal potential?
i am here to support you in claiming the birthright of using, understanding, honoring and loving your own voice. with decades of vocal training and experience across genres, along with a lived understanding of how the voice is interrelated with so many aspects of our lives, i humbly offer everything i can to support you receiving the full gift of your voice. 

learn more about singing

songwriting mentorship : love your song
discover and share the songs of your heart and spirit
are you looking for words and melodies to express your truth?
i am overjoyed to be there to support those looking to receive, write and develop their own songs. everyone has songs to share. 
do you wish to connect to the creative flow present in your heart, and all around us?
everywhere we are, there are songs. these songs can be here to guide us, teach us, express us, heal us and simply make us smile and feel good. i support you finding, expressing and appreciating the words and melodies of your mind, body, heart, and spirit. you have something good to say. you have something good to share. you can trust yourself. your voice is important.

learn more about songwriting

vocal recovery: love yourself
recover your powerful voice after trauma
do you hope to release the restrictions of the past and claim the full power of your voice?
when we experience trauma, it can have a restrictive effect on our voices. when we experience trauma before we finish developing, this restriction can be even more deeply set into our physical and emotional patterns. this can affect our ability to not only sing, but to breath, to speak, to trust ourselves, to express ourselves and to set healthy boundaries. it can be painful both emotionally and physically. however, old patterns can be released. new patterns can form. recovery is possible and is our right. our voices are important, and we can use them with grace, freedom, power and love. 
it would be my honor to offer my gifts in service of your healing the effects of trauma on your voice, so you can be fully present in the power of who you are and what you have to offer. 
 
learn more about vocal recovery











imagine


what might it be like to really trust your own voice? to really trust your own heart? to really trust what you have to say?
not only are we deserving to offer the full gift of who we are, but the world needs our empowered voices. the time is now to release the restrictions of the past and free our true beauty into our own lives and into the world. why wait?
let’s all blossom together, and bless the world with the fullness of our voices, colors and beauty
 imagine more











blog







posted on may 3, 2018may 10, 2018 
welcome to love your song! 

hi everyone! i just launched this website. i am excited to share more and meet you all! the joy of singing and songwriting has blessed my life in so many ways. and to share these gifts with others is a privilege and pleasure. to witness and support another person as they discover the power of … 
continue reading “welcome to love your song!”










contact



hello from my home in gig harbor, wa. looking forward to meeting you!

you can reach me at:
(360) 836-1474
alexis@loveyoursong.com
rates
$100 for a 1 hour lesson
$125 for a 1.5 hour lesson
youth rate (under 18)
$75 for a 1 hour lesson
$100 for a 1.5 hour lesson
new student discount
receive an extra half hour for free on your first lesson
low income students
for low income students, i am open to discussing a discounted rate. please don’t hesitate to call.
location
i am based in gig harbor, washington in pierce county, where i offer lessons. i also travel through port orchard,  poulsbo, kingston, bainbridge and hansville, wa.
i also offer lessons in seattle, washington.
if you live farther out, and need me to come to you, please feel free to contact me and we can discuss a travel fee.
i offer lessons anywhere in the world via skype. because of covid, i prefer to do lessons by skype.
thank you!
i look forward to hearing from you!












about this site i offer a joyful, supportive and effective approach to finding your voice,  which utilizes professional techniques while honoring the power of your body, heart and spirit.

 

connect alexis eggertsen
alexis@loveyoursong.com
kingston, wa 98346

 

keep in touch
subscribe to the love your song mailing list and receive updates, blog posts and special offers








								i consent to my submitted data being collected via this form*							









thank you for subscribing.
something went wrong.

we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously





facebook  
email  
 









































































































































































