



r.w. norton art gallery | main page



































welcome to the rw norton art gallery  •  contact us:
(318) 865-4201
info@rwnaf.org






























home
museum
botanical gardens
events & exhibitions






























home
museum
botanical gardens
events & exhibitions


















 

welcome to the r.w. norton art gallery




 
botanical gardens
"i would like to paint the way a bird sings" - claude monet





 
museum
"art is not what you see, it is what you make others see" - edgar degas



















welcome to our museum
history of our museum

the r.w. norton art gallery houses an exceptional collection of art spanning more than four millennia. since its opening in 1966, the museum has become particularly well-known around the country for its impressive collections of works by those titans of western art, frederic remington and charles m. russell.   the r.w. norton art gallery is a teaching museum that uses the art to encourage community participation in thoughtful interpretations and discussions. 
in the early 1920's, richard w. norton (1886-1940) became one of the discoverers of the rodessa oil field in north louisiana. over time, mr. norton's wife and son began to amass a significant collection of fine art. in 1946, to honor mr. norton and for the benefit of the community, richard w. norton, jr. (1919-1974) and his mother, mrs. richard w. norton (1886-1975) created the r.w. norton art foundation. in turn, the foundation eventually established the r.w. norton art gallery, basing its initial collection upon donations from the acquisitions of the nortons. today, due to the on-going efforts of the board of control and the foundation's work, the r.w. norton art gallery's offerings continue to expand, grow, and contribute to their community.
 
 
 
current hours of operation: 
 
monday through wednesday: closed
thursday - sunday: 1:00-5:00 pm
holiday hours:
thanksgiving and black friday: closed 
christmas eve and christmas day: closed
new years day: closed
no reservations or tickets are required and admission is free. 
if you have any questions, please contact info@rwnaf.org or call (318) 865-4201. 
 
 
 
request a tour:
group tours are available on thursdays and fridays from 1:00 - 3:30 pm. 
to request a guided tour for an adult group, please email info@rwnaf.org.
 
 
 
 
 
norton botanical gardens hours
the botanical gardens are open wednesday - sunday from sunrise to sunset for your enjoyment.
none of the above restrictions apply to the garden area west of creswell ave. or the “island” in front of the museum’s main entrance, both of which will be open dawn until dusk, year round.
 no photography or videography, private or commercial, is allowed inside the museum or on the grounds with the exception of school-affiliated educational photography classes which have made advance appointments. 
weddings are not allowed on the property.

 
important announcement

                          r.w. norton art gallery announces renovation of american wing 
                          
                          renovations to begin monday, january 6 
                      
shreveport, la — the r.w. norton art gallery announces the temporary closure of its american wing starting monday, 6 january 2025, for comprehensive renovations and updates. this timely initiative aims to enhance the visitor experience and preserve the museum’s rich collection for future generations.
the renovations will include freshly painted walls, new layout of collections, and updated galleries to better showcase the museum's diverse collection of american art. these changes will align with the museum's mission to inspire, educate, and enrich the community through art and history.
“this renovation is an investment in the future of the r.w. norton art foundation and the community which it serves,” said emily feazel, designer of exhibits and special events at the r.w. norton art gallery. “we are committed to providing an exceptional experience for our visitors and preserving the integrity of our collections for years to come.”
while the american art wing undergoes renovations, the museum's european collection, special exhibitions, and botanical gardens will remain open to the public. special programming and events will also continue, ensuring that visitors can still enjoy a wide range of cultural experiences during this work.
the museum anticipates the renovation will be completed by the beginning of april. updates and behind-the-scenes on the progress and reopening plans will be shared on the museum’s website and social media platforms.
the r.w. norton art gallery thanks its patrons and shreveport for their continued support and patience.for more information about the renovation or to stay updated on museum news, please visit www.rwnaf.org or follow us on facebook and instagram. 
 
 


                              click here to sign-up for our 
                              
                              monthly newsletter 
                          

 







 
 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 


 
 









call us
(318) 865-4201





admission
there is no admission charge.





museum hours

click for more info













about our museum
on view at the museum

the r.w. norton art gallery boasts an extensive permanent collection that includes more than 400 paintings and a plethora of sculptures representing over 100 artists.   our collection represents a wide variety of styles, time periods, and historical importance.
collection highlights
















fragelina by attilio piccirilli (1866-1945) marble, c. 1923
attilio piccirilli was born in massa di carrera, italy to giuseppe piccirilli (1844 – 1910), a well-known stone carver. the elder piccirilli immigrated to new york in 1888, bringing his 6 sons along with him. all trained as marble cutters and carvers, they became the famous piccirilli brothers, responsible for carving many major public monuments, including the massive sculpture of a seated abraham lincoln designed by daniel chester french for the lincoln memorial in washington, d.c. attilio created some of the most notable new york architectural sculptures, including patience and fortitude (the two lions that flank the entrance to the new york main city library). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the snow squall by thomas cole (1801-1848) oil, 1825
an immigrant who arrived in america at the age of 17, thomas cole’s only art training was in making panels for wallpaper, yet he became the “father” of the first great american art movement, the hudson river school. these works presented an expansive landscape evoking the grandeur of god via the careful selection of particular perfected landscape elements. a “renaissance man”, cole was a poet and philosopher as well as an influential artist and his early death was a tragedy. 
 
 
 
mother and daughter both wearing large hats by mary cassatt (1844-1926) oil on canvas, unknown date 
born in america to a wealthy pennsylvania family, mary cassatt moved to paris as a student, swiftly finding success at the paris salon. an introduction to artist edgar degas changed the direction of her own art and she became one of several women associated with the impressionist movement. she lived the majority of her life in france, becoming well known for her fine draftsmanship, vivid palette, and a lack of sentimentality, and is considered one of the original french impressionists. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

the builders by jacob lawrence (1917 - 2000) screenprint on paper, 1974
 inspired by harlem renaissance artists augusta savage and charles alston, jacob   lawrence illustrated african-american history through colorful and diligently researched narrative paintings. his subjects included a series on prominent figures in the struggle for black liberation, such as harriet tubman, while his “the great migration” chronicled the depression-era flight of african americans from the impoverished rural south to northern cities. comprising 60 works executed simultaneously and with unifying color schemes and visual motifs, his “builder” series featured paintings, drawings, and prints that communicate the artist’s belief in the possibility of creating a better world through skill, ingenuity, hard work, and collaboration. 
 when wwii ended, the united states was in better economic condition than any other country in the world. even the 300,000 american combat deaths paled in comparison to any other major national belligerent. capitalizing on this fiscal boom allowed america to become more affluent in the postwar years than most americans could have possibly imagined before or during the conflict. public policies, such as the serviceman’s readjustment act of 1944 (g.i. bill), which provided money for veterans to attend college, purchase homes, and buy farms, allowed an unprecedented explosion of middle- class growth and opportunities. their impact on american today is incalculable. 















4747 creswell ave., shreveport, louisiana(318) 865-4201



museum hours




monday through wednesday, closed
thursday through sunday, 1:00pm to 5:00pm
federal holidays, closed





garden hours




monday - tuesday, closed
wednesday - sunday, sunrise - sunset 













copyright © 2017 • rw norton art gallery. all right reserved.  •  designed and developed by xentientlabs llc































