     st. peters group dealer in st. peters mo - new and used group dealership o'fallon st. charles chesterfield florissant mo                            







                             bommarito st. peters       call now 636-928-2300    service 636-928-4155  parts 636-928-4155    4190 i-70 n. outer rdst. peters, mo 63376                 service        map        contact                    bommarito st. peters           call 636-928-2300   directions                   home   new   search inventory   new mazda   new volkswagen   new cadillac   value your trade     pre-owned   all used inventory   trucks    suvs   vans   motortrend certified pre-owned   factory certified pre-owned   under $12k   vw tdi   value your trade      express store   shop all models   how express works     sell/trade   sell/trade   pre-owned specials     specials   service   service   schedule service appointment    service & parts specials   order parts   service pick-up & drop-off     finance   finance   finance application   payment calculator   guaranteed credit approval   get pre-qualified with capital one     about   our dealership   careers     contact   contact us   hours & directions   careers     hablamos español                    home   new   search inventory   new mazda   new volkswagen   new cadillac   value your trade     pre-owned   all used inventory   trucks    suvs   vans   motortrend certified pre-owned   factory certified pre-owned   under $12k   vw tdi   value your trade      express store   shop all models   how express works     sell/trade   sell/trade   pre-owned specials     specials   service   service   schedule service appointment    service & parts specials   order parts   service pick-up & drop-off     finance   finance   finance application   payment calculator   guaranteed credit approval   get pre-qualified with capital one     about   our dealership   careers     contact   contact us   hours & directions   careers     hablamos español             
                   - or -select a vehicle below        vehicles available    filter your search   preowned search certified preowned search new search search by stock   preowned certified preowned new by stock      used certified new    any year  any make  any model search     certified   search     new    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     all new used certified      search                   search new inventory     search used inventory             

 


 



search full inventory by body style


 
convertibles


 
coupes


 
sedans


 
vans


 
trucks


 
suvs


     

 deals under $12,000


 motortrend® certified


 cadillac platinum key




 new inventory


 new inventory


 new inventory


      







plus, you get the added assurance that your motor trend certified vehicle has been:

inspected thoroughly inspected by a certified motor trend technician
upgraded with a comprehensive warranty and exclusive benefits from easycare®
guaranteed to be the best value or we'll refund the difference

view motortrend® certified inventory









quality-minded. value-driven.
the tdi. a sought after, great performing, fuel sipping vehicle of awesomeness. we have one of the largest selections in the country. and they are all ready to be yours. stop in today or search below to see your new volkswagen tdi model!
 
view volkswagen tdi inventory










100% online experience


shop our

express store


instant pricing - no hassle - build your deal online


 
start shopping

 
see how it works





 




 
start shopping

 
see how it works


       test - test           
      bommarito st. peters in st. peters, mo it has been almost 50 years since founder frank bommarito opened bommarito st. peters in 1971, and we are extremely proud to serve the missouri and st. louis area. we are by no means close to being finished. we have grown and continue to learn what contributes to success.   it starts with highly rated inventory we are proud to offer what can be considered the widest and finest inventory of both used and new automobiles in st. peters and the surrounding area. the majority of our pre-owned vehicles are either motor trend- or factory-certified to provide peace of mind. motor trend certification guarantees that the vehicle has been inspected and upgraded by motor trend-certified technicians according to determined criteria. factory certification also dictates that inspection and any required upgrades have been performed by technicians certified by the car's manufacturer. all certified pre-owned vehicles are accompanied by a carfax vehicle history report and backed by an extensive set of warranties. complete auto services we have made it super-easy for you to drive away in a new or used vehicle from bommarito st. peters. when you've found the car of your dreams, you can get started with a finance application. our online payment calculator can help with budgeting. after purchasing, our dedicated service staff is available to help turn ownership into one of the most appreciated experiences. booking service appointments can be handled through our convenient, fast, and easy online booking form, or you can call while the department is open. our parts and service department has been noted as being among the industry's best. we offer a comprehensive selection of replacement parts and service that aims for complete satisfaction with extras, such as loaner autos while your vehicle is serviced by certified master technicians. we also offer some great money-saving deals on service. pride in giving back we are extremely proud of the honor of serving the st. louis community for almost 50 years, and we cherish associations with many of the charities such as the red cross, backstoppers, the kidney foundation, annie malone home, and christian brothers college high school.   tops in pricing we would not have survived for almost 50 years if we were not honest with our customers. the prices displayed are in most cases only the suggested retail prices. we have the ability to offer very special sale prices on both new and used autos that are unlikely to disappoint. we can also offer top value on your trade-in. the only request is that you take the initiative and contact us. our record speaks for itself undoubtedly proud of our reputation, we continue to produce high-volume sales of such vehicles as the cadillac xt5 and escalade, resulting in a 2018 dealerrater dealer of the year award. volkswagen's passat and jetta, as well as mazda's mazda3 and cx-5, are also among our top sellers. we are also one of the exclusive motor trend-certified dealerships with a continuous commitment to provide excellence in service.                  copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | bommarito st. peters | 4190 i-70 n. outer rd, st. peters, mo 63376 | sales: 636-928-2300             


















          