
















home


























               


     about us


   who we are



  safety



  community partners



  our board of directors


   become a board member!





  our team



  annual report and more



  get involved



  foundation





  locations


   village clubhouse



  bressi ranch clubhouse



  the armory at carlsbad high school



  bobcat bay at sage creek high school





  join a club


   after school programs



  camps





  athletics



  fundraising events


   annual golf tournament



  pickleball tournament


   pickleball photo gallery



  pickleball auction donation





  beach bocce championship



  annual gala



  lc35 poker tourney



  alley art wall presented by bryan snyder





  bgcc apparel






   

donate now!







    
 





       
great futures start here   

donate now!





   faqs boys & girls clubs of carlsbad offers  innovative programs designed to empower youth to excel in school and all spects of life, become good citizens and lead healthy, productive lives.


  


  
 how old do members need to be? club programs are open to youth ages 6-18 years old. we do not offer programs to children younger than 6 and prior to 1st grade (with the exception of swim lessons).

 what is there to do at the club? designed to help young people gain a sense of self-perspective, club programs specifically empower positive attitudes and behavior.


  
 what's the focus of club programming? we offer programming in five core areas: character and leadership development, education and career development, health and life skills, sports fitness and recreation, and the arts.

 what is the member registration fee? the annual membership registration fee is $50 per child per calendar year. we are a nonprofit 501(c)3 corporation dedicated to helping young people from all walks of life. no child is ever turned away due to inability to pay.


  
 what makes the club so unique? club members are given the freedom to make their own activity choices, gaining independence and self-confidence in the process. the club has an open-door policy, and is available when kids need a positive, productive outlet.

 are there any additional costs? there are monthly fees for the after school program and weekly fees for camps. sports leagues, and transporation may have fees in addition to the annual membership fee. need-based financial aid is available.


       

 







    


  


  




   contact us  
   name

 phone

 email

 message






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later









       


  contact us 


village clubhouse 

3115 roosevelt street, carlsbad 92008 760.729.0956
bressi ranch clubhouse 

2730 bressi ranch way, carlsbad 92009  760.683.5106
non program related administration
2730 bressi ranch way, carlsbad 92009  760.585.9073

  


















































































































  
  share by:





please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility




