


















bismarck airport, nd - official website | official website









 















skip to main content




























    travel information      terminal information       parking and ground transportation       airport information      general aviation       news and videos      office building lease information  


 

 

 

 

 



 















 






  
 
 



 










 





 
 













search







 
 
 


























 
 
 





 flight schedule
 airline info
 parking/ground transportation
 faqs




 flight schedule









choose: arrivals departures flight map 





 airline info















allegiant
phone: 702-505-8888
 





american airlines
phone: 800-433-7300
 





delta
phone: 800-221-1212
 





united
phone: 800-241-6522
 






 

 parking/ground transportation





directionslearn how to get to the bismarck airport from the surrounding area. get directionsparking ratesfind out how much it will cost to park your vehicle in the airport parking lot. view ratesrental cars & airport shuttlesview information on rental cars and airport shuttles at the bismarck airport. learn moretaxi, limo & bus optionsaccess information on taxis, limos and bus options. learn moreev charing station                                                                                                                           an ev charging station is located at the airport and available to the public. learn more 





 faqs







not seeing your question, visit the faqs page by clicking here








what time should i arrive at the airport for my flight?


how much does it cost to park my car at the airport?


where can i find information on luggage?


how do i find out if my flight is on time?


what kind of identification is required to get through the tsa checkpoint?


what kinds of items are prohibited beyond the passenger screening checkpoint?


is there a lost and found office at the bismarck airport?


what do i do if i lose my plane ticket?








/faq.aspx








 
 
 

















 














arrivalsstay notifiedof flight status








departureskeep up-to-date on your travel








flight mapreal-time flight &weather tracker










 
 














hourshours of dailyoperation








terminal amenitiesview full airportamenity listing








airfare watchdog™search the lowest fares










 
 
 







 







welcome to your







bismarck airportwe’re proud to be the premier airport for
central and western north dakota. bismarck airport offers direct service to eight destinations on four airlines, a clean and spacious terminal, kind and
knowledgeable staff, two cafes along with several other amenities that make your
travel experience easy and enjoyable!  bismarck
airport, offering blue sky everyday!learn more
 






  
 
 



 
















 
 
 














	bismarck area information 
 






  
 
 







 








 
 



  
















 






  
 

  
 
 



 










 





 
 













search







 
 
 

 















 






  
 







contact us







	2301 university drive
bldg 17 suite 225b
bismarck, nd 58504
phone: 701-355-1800


directions
 






  
 







quick links







book a flight



baggage information 



airline information 



hours of operation 



bismarck badge application 









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







site links







home



site map



send us a message 



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



powered by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close










      
























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









