
















home



























               


 
    contact



  tea



  shop



  winery


   about us



  vineyard



  photo gallery





  club volcano



  extreme exposure



  contact






 

 



   first time logging into our new site? you may need to reset your password. 
here’s
how to do it.







    
 





      


   

 
 experience volcano winery

aloha e komo mai!﻿wine tasting in paradise is just a sip away at volcano winery on the big island. come visit our beautiful property and tasting room, open daily 12:00pm - 5:30pm.tastings are availble daily 12:00pm - 5:00pm. last tasting starts at 5:00pm for the best tasting experience. no reservations, walk-ins only.our classic wine tasting is $20 and includes 7 (1oz) pours of wines dry to sweet. we feature 100% grape wines, top-selling fruit blends and honey meads. vintages will be offered upon availability. house made cheese platters, estate tea tastings, ka'u coffee and other refreshments are available as well.kama'aina? ask about our resident discount!



    club volcano

join our wine club 'ohana!free to join and no annual fee!our wine club, sends out wine 4 times a year, 3-bottles at a time. installment months are: march, june, september and december. an email is sent the 1st of the installment month with a link to customize your wines, up to 12 bottles for that month, at no additional shipping charge. if you do not choose to customize your wine, the standard selection as listed in that same email, will be shipped to you.wine club benefits include 20% off all wine bottles and merchandise, with $25 fedex flat-rate 2-day shipping for each 3-bottle installment.enjoy up to four complimentary tastings (one earned each installment month) for you and up to three guests on your visits.please see our membership details and sign up today!
  

club volcano

for any further questions or concerns regarding wine club, please email clubvolcano@volcanowinery.com﻿wine club member must be active for at least two installment months before cancelling.

 



   

  kilauea ki

new! volcano winery tea presentationthe kilauea ki presentaiton begins at 12:45pm, on select days. total tour time is approximately 1 hour. reservation must be made at least 24 hours in advance. max 6 people per tour a day.kilauea ki is our version of a tea presentation. this tour and tasting costs $60 per person. it is the only tour that takes place in our tea field, and includes three steeps each, of our estate white and black tea. the tour concludes in the tasting room where you'll enjoy a 1oz pour of the infusion tea wine (must be 21 years of age or older).when booking, please include: name, phone number, date requesting, and amount of people on tour. click the link below to book your tour!﻿tour takes place rain or shine. it is about a five minute walk through our vineyard on volcanic terroir to where the tea presentation will take place.
  

book your tour




    ali'i vineyard tour

ali'i tours tour time starts at 12:15pm and takes approximately 1-hour. must be reserved at least 24 hours in advance.ali'i tour includes a guided vineyard and production room tour, followed by 7 classic wine (1oz) pours and 2 estate tea tastings. guests will enjoy a 20% discount on all wine bottle purchased with this tour.cost is $40 a person (under 12yrs old free) and of course, guests must be 21+ to try wines. kama'aina rates available.﻿please email us your information and include: name, phone number, date requesting, and amount of people on tour. click the link below to book your tour!
  

book your tour


 







       


  menu
     join our mailing list



  privacy policy



  terms & conditions



  refund policy






  get in touch
 (808) 967-7772contact@volcanowinery.com﻿


   



   © 2024 volcano winery

     

 

 

 

 

 























































































































  
  share by:








