





eve hill medical practice – nhs gp surgery in dudley




























tell us whether you accept cookies
we've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. we would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. analytical cookies send information to google analytics.
let us know your preference. we will use a cookie to save your choice. before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy.

i'm ok with cookies
set my cookie preferences



skip to main content









eve hill medical practice
nhs gp surgery in dudley







search the eve hill medical practice website





search









appointments
prescriptions
services
about the surgery
register with the surgery
contact us
homebrowsemore




eve hill medical practice




appointmentsfind out how to make, change or cancel an appointment
prescriptionsget a repeat prescription, find a local pharmacy or ask medication questions
sick notesget a sick (fit) note for work or find out about self certification
test resultsget your recent test results online or by contacting the surgery
register with usfind out how to register with the surgery and see our catchment area
contact usfind out how to contact the surgery, where we are and our opening times






local and nhs services
the surgery works in partnership with local and nhs service providers and groups.

find a pharmacy
find urgent treatment centres
find an nhs dentist
find your nhs number
health a to z
medicines a to z
nhs 111 online
help for mental health and wellbeing
signs and symptoms

find other patient services




latest surgery news



                        winter 2025 newsletter                    





                                                17th february 2025                    

                        please view our issue issue twenty five 2025                    





                        black country digital survey                    





                                                15th january 2025                    

                        the black country integrated care board are currently undertaking a review of digital inclusion within the black country. by completing…                    





                        autumn 2024 newsletter                    





                                                21st october 2024                    

                        please view our issue twenty five 2024 newsletter.                    


go to news




follow us on twitter
keep updated on social media for surgery announcements, advice and news.
visit our twitter page








 29 himley road
dudley
west midlands
dy1 2qdget directions01384 254423


appointments
prescriptions
services
about the surgery
register with the surgery
contact us


opening times
sick (fit) notes
test results
feedback and complaints
wellbeing
friends and family test








© silicon practice


accessibility statement


website policies


privacy policies

















