




bart baggett official site




 















biography
subscribe to newsletter
life design academy
                  
articles & blog
press kit
contact





the official website of
bart baggett






bart baggett

follow
                bart on facebook



forensic handwriting expert


biography


bart's podcast


youtube


press


contact




learn about bart's ted talk entitled
              "neuro-pathway to happiness"

want to book bart to speak at your next live event? see
                speakers kit

want to order one of bart's books or
                home
                study courses? visit the catalog page for all products.



see bart's catalog of online training
                courses.


media inquiries (epk)
www.myhandwriting.com/media 
want to contact bart in person? please call the main offce to schedule an appointment.
 
bart baggett is a frequent guest expert and celebrity guest on national news and talk shows like cnn, crave news,the today show, good morning america, criminal true crime documentaries and others.


available by appointment only. 
              offices nationwide
              telephone 323-544-9277 or text: (213) 817-5596
"bart is the real deal!
                  i recommend him anytime
                  to anyone." 

                ~nordine zouareg 
                mr. universe 
tripleimpactcoaching.com

 




bart baggett is one of america's top                 forensic handwriting experts and professional speakers



attorneys and legal clients: want more information about forgery, expert witness, and
              legal
              consultations on signatures? visit this link to learn hiring mr. baggett read about bart baggett - legal consultant for handwritten items. 


schedule a consultation with mr. baggett's office to determine how we can best help you get the
                  outcome
                  you need in your legal case or online business.
                  (213) 817-5596
call our office today.




want to learn more about bart baggett?





for the past 30 years, bart baggett has been traveling the world speaking to audiences and appearing on
            tv and radio shows. he is best known as one of the worlds' top forensic handwriting experts. he is a best selling author, entrepreneur, professional speaker, educator, expert witness consultant.

you may have seen him on national tv or stage discusing current events as part of a top-notch legal team on prestigous networks like cbs, cnn, fox, and nbc. he  hosts a podcast interviewing celebrities, experts, authors, and teaching classes to which help entrepreneurs & individuals
              succeed.
mr. baggett's strong media background (1600 radio and tv appearances) and professional speaking ability
              has led him to work side-by-side with tv producers, documentary film makers, and attorney's nationwide regarding celebrity legal cases and tv shows and films on these topics. he currently works on a variety of projects and works with a select few top-level attorneys on forgery related cases.






in addition to his success as an author and handwriting expert, you might recognize bart baggett from his many appearances on national tv commercials, feature films, documentaries, or as a guest on the top rated radio and tv
              shows over  the past 2 decades (including cnn's larry king live [shown in the image] , glenn back show, paula zhan, howad stern, good morning america, and the today show.

              as the founder of one of the word's most successful schools teaching forensic handwriting analysis, the international school of forensic document examination, mr. baggett has
              students worldwide and campuses teaching from his books in taiwan, india, and the usa. he has a widely
              read email self-improvement
                newsletter and hosts sold-out seminars worldwide on a varity of topics.

  need the country's best high-profile handwriting expert to work on your legal case? bart baggett takes
              select
              "document examination" cases which are destined for court cases (jury or bench trials). mr. baggett is
              very selective with which cases he accepts. if you are not accepted as a client, his office will refer you to another qualified expert in your area. 

 


                to hire mr.baggett to speak for your organization, help you with your online business, or consult for
                your
                lawfirm, please call the los angeles office directly at (213) 817-5596
links to key websites:
attention attorneys. 
                retain mr. baggett to be your expert witness in cases relating to 
                forensic document examination / forgery cases. 
                handwritten items: 
                  https://handwritingexpertusa.com



bart baggett (articles by bart
                  baggett)

                bart baggett  los angeles, ca
bart baggett
(213) 817-5596





                connect with bart on: 

















