





















seed biotechnology center









      skip to main content
    






menu


seed biotechnology center





















seed biotechnology center




a research and information center









open search




search













main navigation (extended config)



home




          about





sbc team


advisory council


the uc davis advantage





          educational courses





plant breeding academy



          pba e-series





pba rstudio (level 1 & 2)


pba e-series: hybrid breeding strategies


pba e-series: statistics & experimental design




seed production


seed business 201: vegetables


leadership program for plant breeders & scientists


seed business 101: vegetables


seed biology, quality & pathology


past courses and events





research




          partners





cppsi


seed central


seed quest





news and updates




plant breeding careers




contact sbc































 












                welcome to the sbc
      
the mission of the seed biotechnology center (sbc) is to mobilize the research, educational and outreach resources of uc davis in partnership with the seed and biotechnology industries to facilitate discovery and commercialization of new seed technologies for agricultural and consumer benefit.










plant breeding academy




davis pba x application now open!click to learn more about the uc davis plant breeding academies in davis, europe & africa





 



sbc annual report 2023
the uc davis seed biotechnology center continues to innovate as a university-industry liaison in education, outreach and research.  our latest annual report highlights what we have been up to for the past year. 
download sbc's annual report






                an endowment for the future 
      
kent j. bradford
endowed chair in seed science

 
 
 
 
make a gift to the endowment





give to the sbc





 










featured courses




seed productionfebruary 24-27 at uc davisearly registration deadline extended to feb 14! register now to save $350!learn more


pba e-series online coursesrstudio - level 1: march 26 & 28rstudio - level 2: june 3 & 5hybrid breeding strategies: june 10 & 12statistics & experimental design: september 16 & 18learn more


seed business 201: vegetables september 22-26 at uc davisregistration now open!learn more 


davis pba class x application now openapply early to secure your spot and save $1,000learn more
















            news and updates
    






 




new pepper and tomato reference materials available from cppsi


by  whitney lowe


december 18, 2024






differential seed and type isolates for pepper tobamoviruses and tomato bacterial speck are available via cppsi and the usda-grin for your breeding support needs. check out the white papers and how to access material here:  https://cppsi.ucdavis.edu/white-papers





 




jovan djordjevic interview with seed world group at euroseeds in copenhagen


by  whitney lowe


december 18, 2024






watch the video interview between jovan djordjevic and marcel bruins as they discuss the european plant breeding academy and why you should attend class viii (view on seedworld.com here >>)





 




epba vii’s mark van gerven receives outstanding student award at euroseeds congress


by  whitney lowe


december 18, 2024






the 2024 winner of the plant breeding academy’s outstanding student award is mark van gerven, breeding manager allium at bejo zaden b.v. in the netherlands. this prestigious pba award was presented to mark by pba director, jovan djordjevic, at the euroseeds congress in copenhagen on october 15, 2024. jovan added: "mark is a current onion breeder, and we are glad that ucd pba could enhance his expertise.





pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2




              page
            3




              page
            4




              page
            5




              page
            6




              page
            7




              page
            8




              page
            9

…


next page
next
















subscribe to sbc email list






            courses and events calendar
    




seed production

feb 24-27, 2025

uc davis




european plant breeding academy-viii (new class)

mar 24-29, 2025

enkhuizen, netherlands




e-series: rstudio level 1

mar 26-28, 2025

online




e-series: rstudio level 2

jun 3-5, 2025

online



more events






 

donate


in loving memory • cristobal heitmann
sbc graduate student cris heitmann passed away on april 17, 2018 in a bicycle accident. he will be profoundly missed by colleagues, friends and family. 
learn more about cris
























footer menu


news and publications


events calendar


find the sbc


related websites







            follow us
    
























university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 4, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










