

weekly challenge golf tour










 


































phone 630-222-1986



wcgtoffice@wcgt.com



internet chicago



email marketing services
        by benchmark



do 
                you want to play golf tournaments on chicago's top courses and private country 
                clubs?
                do you want fair competition based on your net score within a flight 
                range?
                do you like competitive golf with large prize pools and side games?
                then the weekly challenge golf tour is the tour for 
            you!








                        championship tournament schedule





 now!



 
 





2020 tournament format & handicap computation changes






mm wcgt is a tour where men and women of all ages compete against 
                      each other based on net scores with a handicap system that is designed to prevent 
                      sandbagging. entry fees include closest to the pin prizes on all par 3's and the 
                      top 1/3rd of the field shares in the prize pool. all players compete for their 
                      share of large prize pools.  amateurs play for popular gift cards or 
                      credit toward future entry fees, while non-amateurs play for cash. opportunities 
                      to enter into skins, poker, and hole-in-one contest are available to increase 
                      your winnings. there is a tournament of champions at the end of the season and player 
                      of the year award.

mm20+ tournaments are held all over chicagoland. enter into as many or as few of the tournaments 
                      as you desire. results are posted immediately, while players socialize at 
                      the "19th hole" of each course. great camaraderie both on and off 
                      the course. members of wcgt also compete in a ryder cup match and annual national tournament in orlando against similar tours from other cities.

mmto learn more 
                      about wcgt, look at the general info tab. go to the results tab and click 
                      on any of the past tournaments to see net scores and payouts. not sure and 
                      want to test it out? contact us and you can golf a round as a non-competitor, 
                      giving you the opportunity to meet the members and experience the tournament.  wcgt




 
















