







stella's restaurant and bar






































































































              home
            

            menu
          

            reservations
          



            events
          

            contact
          

            careers
          









































































homemenureservations











eventscontactcareers









scroll






 

 














 

stella’s restaurant and bar is perrysburg’s original fine dining restaurant. located in the heart of this historic downtown district, just steps away from the maumee river, stella's offers the best of fine dining with an inviting and easygoing atmosphere. it doesn’t matter if you’re coming in to enjoy a full meal or simply grabbing a casual drink with friends; our restaurant is the ideal place for you to unwind. our bar features a broad wine and liquor list along with an extensive bourbon collection. not to mention chef & owner, patrick lahey, specializes in preparing fresh and local ingredients, house-made pastas and other favorites that will make your mouth water. whether you want to enjoy the eclectic vibe of our indoor space or take your dining to our outdoor patio, stella's is more than eager to greet you with a smile and entail you the best that perrysburg dining has to offer.

 


























long bone pork chop









arancini di riso









stella's burger 









acadian alfredo









five high chocolate cake









crème brûlée









smoked bourbon manhattan









orange tiger old fashioned






















see our full menu
lunch, dinner & drinks.



menu


















make a reservation
celebrate all occasions at stella’s.



reservations














 

location104 louisiana avenueperrysburg, oh 43551 hourstuesday – thursday, 11am – 10pmfriday – saturday, 11am – 11pmclosed sunday – monday contact(419) 873-8360events | contact formwe are delighted to display the original work of talented local artists in our historic building for your enjoyment. if you are interested in purchasing any of these pieces, please ask your server for information. all proceeds go directly to the artist. 

 
   

 




 


“with expertly prepared food that won’t break the bank, stella’s certainly is fine quality tucked away in a small corner of perrysburg. while the pandemic has forced many changes on restaurants over these past seven months, through it all the moderately-upscale stella’s certainly hasn’t lost its touch.”

— toledo blade




“around 20 remarkable works of art now decorate the walls of stella’s restaurant and bar in perrysburg. the collection, curated by proprietor patrick lahey and artist christine deemer, features paintings in a variety of sizes and media, all from area artists, including mary jane erard, kathryn housepian, dave wisniewski and deemer herself. ”

— toledo city paper




“always such a pleasure to come here. staff is over the top, food always excellent and the atmosphere is superb. thanks for the great evening you make it.”

— k. meyers




“love coming to stella’s!  their food is amazing!  even when i’m not hungry i like to stop up there for a glass of wine or two. great atmosphere and casey is the best bartender in town!  highly recommend.”

— j. a. m. ott

 









welcome



our story



gallery



our favorites



contact



press








 











 

home lunch dinner drinks reservations events contact careers
























104 louisiana avenue, perrysburg, oh 43551 | (419) 873 8360 | info@stellasrestaurantandbar.compowered by modish creative co.





stella's
104 louisiana avenue,
perrysburg, oh 43551
(419) 873-8360
info@stellasrestaurantandbar.com


hours
mon 11am to 10pm
tue 11am to 10pm
wed 11am to 10pm
thu 11am to 10pm
fri 11am to 11pm
sat 11am to 11pm
















