








	openpbs open source project

























                                    quick links
                                











                  downloads
                



                  community forum
                



                  contributors portal
                


                  source code and issue tracking 
                



                  commercial support
                





              languages
              



english


日本語











              industry-leading workload manager and jobscheduler for high-performance computing
            


            downloads
            















				what is openpbs®?
			

				openpbs software optimizes job scheduling and workload management in high-performance computing (hpc) environments – clusters, clouds, and supercomputers – improving system efficiency and people’s productivity. built by hpc people for hpc people, openpbs is fast, scalable, secure, and resilient, and supports all modern infrastructure, middleware, and applications. 
			

				openpbs key features
			



scalability: supports millions of cores with fast job dispatch and minimal latency; tested beyond 50,000 nodes
					

policy-driven scheduling: meets unique site goals and slas by balancing job turnaround time and utilization with optimal job placement
					

resiliency: includes automatic fail-over architecture with no single point of failure – jobs are never lost, and jobs continue to run despite failures
					



flexible plugin framework: simplifies administration with enhanced visibility and extensibility; customize implementations to meet complex requirements
					

health checks: monitors and automatically mitigates faults with a comprehensive health check framework
					

voted #1 hpc software by hpcwire readers and proven for over 20 years at thousands of sites around the globe in both the private sector and public sector
					




				about pbs
			

				we released altair® pbs professional® under an open source license… why?more than 25 years ago, bill nitzberg was just starting his career in hpc at nasa, where, along with a great team, he developed the original pbs software. today, altair pbs professional is among the most-used technologies for hpc job scheduling.but scheduling is hard — every site has unique processes, unique goals, and unique business requirements. too often effort is duplicated across public and private sectors as functionality is replicated in open source and closed source products. so in 2016 altair made a big investment toward uniting the whole hpc community to accelerate the state of the art (and the state of actual production operations) for hpc scheduling. we released pbs professional under an open-source license, opening the core of the software to the community.pbs professional continues to be available as a hardened, commercial version for enterprise customers, but alongside that offering we are committed to being open and community oriented. we are focused on longevity – creating a viable, sustainable community to focus on job scheduling software that can truly bridge the gap in the hpc world. we continue to contribute to the openpbs code base with updates from the core pbs professional product and adopt community improvements from openpbs as well.obviously, we cannot do this alone! please join us as part of the openpbs community.
    
			

				community and ways to participate
			

				openpbs is a community effort and there are a variety of ways to engage, from helping answer questions to benchmarking to developing new capabilities and tests. we value being aggressively open and inclusive, but also aggressively respectful and professional.
			

				the best place to start is by joining the openpbs community. 
    
			

				please consider letting the community know about your use of openpbs. your organization name and system information will be added to the public list of openpbs users at the openpbs registry page.
    
			
use this opt-in form to register.
 






				openpbs is part of the linux foundation via openhpc. learn more at:
			











				for more information on commercial pbs professional solutions, visit https://www.altair.com/pbs-professional/.
			







          receive announcements via the community forum.
        







privacy | website terms of use | cookie consent © copyright 2025  pbs works is a division of altair engineering inc., currently listed on nasdaq as altr. all rights reserved.
              











