



















cosmic patterns astrology software









new sirius version 4.1










the cosmic patterns software team is dedicated to developing the highest quality and standard in astrology software. we develop the world's finest astrology software at the best prices. we have received glowing reviews for decades and we continue to be the leader in astrological software development. requests and suggestions from our customers drive our software development. therefore, you, our clients and customers, are also part of the team. without your support and participation, the work would not be possible.






sirius 4.1

new sirius  version 4.1

sirius is the most comprehensive astrology program in the world, with advanced features in almost every area of astrology, including modern methods, medieval, hellenistic, cosmobiology, vedic, huber, harmonics, and more... 
learn more >




kepler 8.0



kepler is for people with any level of experience, from novice to professional. novices can stick to the basics, and experts can use the advanced features. wonderfully easy to use. 
learn more >
new!! kepler add-ons ›





pegasus 4.0



pegasus is similar to kepler, but has fewer features. pegasus was created for people who either wish to have one or more of our report options without needing to purchase the entire kepler program, or who are starting out in astrology and wish to have an easy to use program. 
learn more >
new!! pegasus add-ons ›





bindu 



bindu is our vedic professional software with a large variety of tools and techniques of jyotish, western and medieval astrology. employing highest standards of software developments, bindu enables the users to benefit their maximum knowledge and even more. 
learn more >








report options



we have the world's best and largest collection of interpretive reports.  these report options are not stand alone program. requires kepler, sirius, or pegasus to run.
these astrology report options provide you with options for more thorough analysis of your chart and also interpretations that focus on particular areas or issues that are not in the report included in kepler or sirius.




click here for a summary of all reports available in all languages.






general natal reports
											4 reports to choose from
specialized natal reports
											23 reports to choose from
health reports
											4 reports to choose from
chinese astrology reports
											2 reports to choose from
past life reports
											3 reports to choose from
integrated forecast & natal reports
											2 reports to choose from
compatibility reports
											9 reports to choose from
solar & lunar return reports
											6 reports to choose from
forecast & progression  reports
											14 reports to choose from
relocation reports
											4 reports to choose from
pet reports
											2 reports to choose from
vedic reports
											1 reports to choose from
horary & sporting event reports
											2 reports to choose from










reviews
professional software
by robert hand
kepler 4.0
by kelley miles essoe
cosmic patterns review
american astrology magazine
interpretive programs
american astrology magazine

all reviews >
  
conferences
convergence 2025





education
software tutorials
newsletters
astrology articles
community service
avalon
school of astrology
kepler seminars
bookstore
  
free software
cosmic star
bindu – for android
sapphire – for android




star guidance
online personal reports
natal personal reports
relationhips reports
forecast reports
treasure maps
artwheels
free chart wheel
  
other services
distributors
links







t-shirts

share your enthusiasm for vibrational astrology!




other options
these options extend the power of kepler in exciting ways! 

pastel art wheels

asteroid signatures

38,000 asteroids

mega atlas








 

 


astrology software
the cosmic patterns software team is dedicated to developing the highest quality and standard in professional astrology software. 
we develop the world's finest professional astrology software at the best prices. we have received glowing reviews for decades and we continue to be the leader in astrological software development. requests and suggestions from our customers drive our software development. superb astrology software: sirius, kepler, pegasus.


 








 


 

								sales: 1-352-373-1504


click to email us 









 
about us
privacy
security
contact us
sitemap



 



 
 



