     hamilton buick dealer in hamilton oh | fairfield trenton west chester buick dealership ohio                            


                                             fiehrer motors inc.             sales 877-831-6074    service 866-413-5613  parts 866-662-2107      6720 gilmore roadhamilton, oh 45011                              service        map        contact                         fiehrer motors inc.                   call 877-831-6074   directions                      new   search inventory   shop click drive   hummer ev   sierra ev     pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   lease specials     service & parts   service department   schedule service    service & parts specials   order parts   gm accessories   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   order parts online   collision & body shop   tire finder     finance   finance department   payment calculator   gmc protection     about   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   meet our staff   careers   privacy policy   privacy requests   career technicians     model research   model research   schedule test drive   shop click drive   2022 gmc sierra hd   onstar assistance	   gm rewards                      home   new   search inventory   shop click drive   hummer ev   sierra ev     pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   lease specials     service & parts   service department   schedule service    service & parts specials   order parts   gm accessories   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   order parts online   collision & body shop   tire finder     finance   finance department   payment calculator   gmc protection     about   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   meet our staff   careers   privacy policy   privacy requests   career technicians     model research   model research   schedule test drive   shop click drive   2022 gmc sierra hd   onstar assistance	   gm rewards               









     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                                                  







apply for credit
get financing










schedule service
schedule now





     search new inventory     search used inventory            view our lineup    buick  |  gmc           envista      encore gx      encore gx st      envision      enclave      enclave avenir          canyon      sierra 1500      sierra hd      terrain      acadia      yukon      savana passenger      savana cargo      savana cutaway            


a better kind of used vehicle
each buick and gmc cpo vehicle is thoroughly inspected and reconditioned before you
buy it. and when you pull off the lot, you'll have your own happily ever after with two factory-backed
warranties: a new, longer 6-year/100,000 mile powertrain limited warranty that includes roadside assistance,
and a 12-month/12,000-mile bumper-to-bumper limited warranty. those benefits add up to a value you can
depend on, and a used vehicle you can trust.








shop certified

     

welcome to fiehrer motors inc.
fiehrer motors inc. carries an impressive selection of new and pre-owned cars, crossovers and suvs in hamilton. no matter what vehicle you might have in mind, we’ve got the perfect fit for you. if you’re looking to lease your next buick and gmc, at fiehrer motors inc., we have competitive lease specials on new buick and gmc vehicles. fiehrer motors inc. also has an extensive collection of quality pre-owned and certified vehicles at affordable prices. whether you’re looking for new or pre-owned, fiehrer motors inc. is your trusted dealership in hamilton. we look forward to seeing you soon.
learn more

             



follow us on social media


                  


     





address
6720 gilmore road, hamilton, oh 45011
sales hours     monday 9:00am - 7:30pm     tuesday 9:00am - 7:30pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:30pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:30pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:30pm    sunday closed    

          

buick and gmc dealership in hamilton, oh
when you're looking for a new vehicle, stop by fiehrer buick gmc in hamilton, ohio, and browse our selection of new buick and gmc models as well as certified pre-owned and used models. even if you're simply interested in a few test drives and seeing what we have to offer, our welcoming staff will be happy to help you enjoy your visit. come by fiehrer motors inc. and let us serve you.


amazing service
fiehrer buick gmc prides itself on putting the customer first. you'll feel like the center of attention no matter the reason for your visit. we treat our customers the way they want to be treated. you won't encounter any pushy salespeople, just helpful staff ready to answer questions and get you behind the wheel of the car you want. got questions about financing or a trade-in? simply call, email, or stop by. we are happy to work with you and your budget.
in addition to great customer service and a hassle-free environment, we offer several perks to our customers including a top-notch service department and help with understanding all of the perks that come with buick and gmc models. we will be happy to help you learn how to make the most of your onstar services.
if you need any assistance with your vehicle or routine maintenance taken care of, stop by our ase (automotive service excellence) certified service department. appointments can be made online or over the phone. we will take care of oil changes, tuneups, tire rotations, and parts. if your vehicle has any recalls, we will help you understand the recall and make any necessary repairs or replacements.


top models
we at fiehrer motors inc. carry a wide selection of new and pre-owned models, which allows us to offer competitive pricing and find you the perfect vehicle for your lifestyle. whether you need a family-friendly minivan or a work-ready truck, or anything in between, we've got what you're looking for. the gmc sierra is one of our top models offering both the 1500 model and the heavy duty option. if you need a truck that can get the job done, this is it.
the gmc terrain and acadia models are also very popular, both ideal for adventurers and families. these suvs offer space and capability in one good-looking package. buick also offers two top suv models, the encore and the enclave. no matter your style preferences or vehicle needs, we are ready and excited to get you in the car of your dreams.
community involvement
founded in 1932 by albert c. fiehrer, this dealership is a community staple serving hamilton and nearby towns like cincinnati, fairfield, trenton, west chester, and middletown. we love being involved in our community by supporting local programs and organizations. keep an eye on our facebook page so you never miss our deals of the week.
when you visit fiehrer buick gmc, you'll be sure to leave happy. don't let intimidation or financing keep you from finding the best car for you, we are here with all the knowledge and help you need. we can't wait to meet you.


                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | fiehrer motors inc. | 6720 gilmore road, hamilton, oh 45011 | sales: 877-831-6074              



















         
        