










































    soundview landscape supply | new haven county ct
  

 











                  


 the single source
for your landscape supply needs in new haven county.

 (203) 931-1230 



       home



  products


   nursery



  grass seed



  hardscape



  tools & hardgoods



  soil & stone products



  bulk & bagged mulch



  ice melt products



  turf care



  athletic field products





  services


   contractors



  homeowners





  resources



  rake store



  contact us



  goseebrooke














    
 





        contractors

 services you 

need


 

 

  homeowners

 products you
want




     


 a wide variety of products

for do-it-yourself homeowners and contractors, we supply and deliverall the quality products you need.
     learn more

   




  we carry a wide variety of products that can be picked up or delivered. our products can be used by do-it-yourself homeowners or contractors. if you are managing a project, we can supply your contractor as needed. our fleet of trucks can deliver small, medium or large sized loads of all kinds.






   


 contractor services

with our in-house landscaping and excavating division as well as a network of reliable contractors, we have the resources needed to get your project completed effectively and efficiently.
     learn more

   




  through our network of contractors & our own in house landscaping and excavating division, we have the equipment and manpower needed to get the job done. hand in hand with our product offering, our services work to make a project run effectively and efficiently. we hold a variety of different licenses, registrations and certifications.






   


 single source solution

as a registered recycling facility, we can accept your landscape demolition waste or provide roll-off containers at your site.
     learn more

   




  we are a one stop shop. most landscape projects start with removal or demolition. as a registered recycling facility, we can accept your yard waste or provide roll-off containers at your site. with an empty truck your contractor can load up on our recycled soil or mulch products immediately after dumping to save time and energy. 













       

50 industry drive﻿west haven, ct
© 2025 soundview landscape supply, llc  all rights reserved.

    home
resources
products

 




    get in touch today:
call: 203-931-1230
  

email























































































































  
  share by:










