














home |



















skip to main content








314intermedia











web

					design & development



print

					design & producton



branding

					strategic corporate branding



social

					media marketing strategy














  
  
 
 

  
 
	social media is one of the most powerful marketing tools available today. people share, read and engage more with any type of content that comes from friends - people they know and trust.


	  
 
 

  
 
	maintaining  a website can be a technically complex, time consuming, and sometimes costly process;

	at least, it used to be.

	 
 
 
 

  
 

		just because you can see your desktop site on a mobile phone doesn’t mean it’s mobile-friendly.

		mobile sites are designed for the small screen, with the needs of mobile users in mind.


	 
 
 
 

  
 

		to be a successful business today, you need to show up in the search results

		of your customers’ search engine activity.


	 
 
 
 









homeaboutclientsresourcescontactquick bidfaq





                  home                







314intermedia a northern california multimedia marketing agency.
we are a multimedia marketing agency comprised of strategic marketers, graphic designers, programmers, videographers, social media and public relations specialists who integrate web, print, and video media into a creative and effective plan that promotes your business over the competition.
in other words, we build and coordinate all of your branding elements into one cohesive marketing plan that is consistent across all media.  how we make your product or service a household word is different than how it's done by most advertising agencies. we research, evaluate, analyze and brainstorm — we work with you to set reasonable and measurable goals, helping you select the advertising services needed to get you results.
 
imagine no limits. 


	 
 

 








marketing in america - it's changing
- find out more



color psychology and marketing
- find out more

 

how to design a great logo
- find out more



top 10 branding mistakes
- find out more















main menu

homeaboutclientsresourcescontactquick bidfaq 








secondary links











humboldt web designtop 10 branding mistakes 














latest from the blog




 mobile websites  

 content management systems  

 faq's about focus groups  

 humboldt web design  

 public relations and advertising  

 







copyright © 2002-2022 • 314intermedia is a northern california multimedia marketing agency

 








