
















aba accredited - atlanta's john marshall law school



























































apply
request info
visit
my ajmls
canvas
giving
 

search for:






primary menu
about
calendar
faq
forms
library
webmail
12twenty
 

future students

aba required disclosures
accepted students
criminal justice certificate program
financial aid
j.d. admissions
j.d. programs overview
loans & scholarships
orientation
quick facts


current students

academic achievement and bar success
academic affairs
career services
covid-19 relief funding
experiential learning and pro bono programs
financial aid
frequently asked questions
graduation
law journal
library
make a payment
merchandise
registrar
resources
sba payments
student accounts (previously bursar)
student affairs
technology


alumni

alumni awards and honors
alumni board of directors
alumni events
alumni news
alumni on the move
donate to the alumni association
frequently asked questions
get connected
hot jobs for alumni


faculty & staff

adjunct and visiting professors
emeritus faculty
deans and full-time faculty
staff
equity, diversity, and inclusion committee
title ix training materials


 




skip to content











welcome to the new campus expansion!ajmls celebrates the grand opening of its new lecture hall, student lounge, and study center.															





ajmls welcomed the department of justice to campusdefending people, families, and communities, a day of events inspired by ajmls’ selection as the final stop in a year-long national law school tour by the department of justice, office for access to justice (atj).															





announcing chairman adam maloneajmls is delighted to announce that adam malone, class of 2000, has been elected as chairman of the board of directors.															





homeless veterans legal clinicajmls was chosen to receive funds from the u.s. department of veterans affairs (va) to provide legal services to veterans in order to address homelessness. learn more here.															





fall 2025apply now for fall 2025 j.d. programs: full-time, part-time day, part-time evening. no application fee!															





90+ years of excellence in legal educationlearn about our history and how we celebrated!															





congratulations to the class of 2024!welcome to the ajmls alumni association.															





state-of-the-art new facilities, now openjust over two miles south of our previous location, our beautiful upgraded downtown campus is world-class.															





macarthur foundation genius fellowlearn criminal law and criminal justice from a national expert.															





attend a virtual open housefamiliarize yourself with the admissions process - rsvp today!															





ajmls welcomes the department of justice's access to justice national law school tourhosting programming at the law school this spring!															





criminal justice certificate programapply to the program after your second year, click for more information.															





teaching the lawthe ajmls faculty combines excellent academic credentials with years of practical experience.															





schedule a video conferencediscuss atlanta's john marshall with an admissions representative by video.															





john marshall law journalbrowse current and past volumes of the john marshall law journal.															





emphasis on experiential learningthe law school boasts over 350 field placements in its externship program.															





proudly educating attorneys for 90+ yearsatlanta's john marshall was founded in 1933 as an institution dedicated to providing a quality educational opportunity to both traditional and non-traditional students.															









featured newsdean jace c. gatewood to step down as dean and ceo of atlanta’s john marshall law schoolatlanta’s john marshall law school (ajmls) announces that after completion 5 ½ years of dedicated service, dean jace c. gatewood will step down from his role as dean and ceo at the conclusion of the 2024-2025 academic year. dean gatewood’s …

featured eventvirtual open housetuesday, february 18th at noon – at atlanta’s john marshall law school, our students come for law school but find a community. the office of admissions invites all students interested in pursuing a law degree to “attend” an open house …









faculty newsprofessors apolinsky & van detta cited by federal courts for their groundbreaking legal workjanuary 15, 2025professors joanna apolinsky and jeffrey van detta, long-time collaborators and …professor burch presents at annual district conference for the district court for the northern mariana islands, joint district conference for the district court of guam and pacific judicial councilseptember 30, 2024professor kathleen burch presents at both the 2024 annual district …ajmls announces the retirement of professor michael j. lynch, director of the law libraryseptember 13, 2024atlanta’s john marshall law school (ajmls) announces the retirement of …professor michael mears presents landmark paper at georgia judicial staff attorneys annual conferenceaugust 27, 2024on august 7, 2024, atlanta’s john marshall law school’s (ajmls) … view all faculty news


in the communitystudent success story: rachel avrunin’s (2l) journey of passion, dedication, and empathyfebruary 12, 2025here at ajmls, we are proud to celebrate the success …help support the next generation of public interest lawyers: matching gift campaign for the renata turner awardfebruary 11, 2025why is this campaign so important? the renata turner award …welcome december 2024 graduates to the alumni community!january 30, 2025as you take this significant step into the next phase …celebrating dedicated service at ajmls: honoring our staff and their years of commitmentjanuary 14, 2025at atlanta’s john marshall law school (ajmls), we believe that … view all in the community




upcoming events


 

virtual open house



february 18 from 12:00 pm to 1:00 pm 




spring 2025 professionalism series: making your passion your profession



february 19 from 3:45 pm to 5:00 pm 


 

sapla diversity law symposium / georgia discover law



february 20 from 6:00 pm to 8:00 pm 




mid-term exam period



february 24 to march 7 


 

virtual open house



march 5 from 6:00 pm to 7:00 pm 




spring 2025 professionalism series: making a good impression during your internship



march 11 from 3:45 pm to 5:00 pm 




mid-semester reading period – no classes



march 17 to march 21 


 

virtual open house



march 21 from 12:00 pm to 1:00 pm 




spring 2025 professionalism series – from law student to lawyer: bridging the transition



march 25 from 3:45 pm to 5:00 pm 




spring 2025 professionalism series: the significant lawyer



april 1 from 5:15 pm to 6:30 pm 



view all events





what others say about atlanta's john marshall
maurice “reece” riden ii, class of 2018atlanta’s john marshall law school gave me the opportunity to pursue my education in a very small, close-knit, environment. i attended a small school for my undergraduate degree, and i wanted to experience the same environment for law school. during my time at john marshall, i was very involved in …kayla kudratt, class of 2018atlanta’s john marshall law school gave me the opportunity to attend a close-knit, diverse institution where professors, faculty, and staff truly care about the students and their success. as a criminal justice honors program graduate, i was afforded the opportunity to follow my passion and learn from prominent, well-respected attorneys …lisanne edelman, class of 2017the criminal justice honors program allowed me to follow my passion while being taught by faculty that not only has decades of experience in the field, but also helped me thrive and reach my goals. i graduated from atlanta’s john marshall law school with the utmost confidence that i can … 






atlanta's john marshall law school
245 peachtree center ave. ne, suite 1900 · atlanta, ga 30303
(678) 916-2600 · fax: (404) 873-3802


consumer information

(aba required disclosures)


about
accreditation
admissions
apply
board of directors
faculty
law journal
privacy policy
quick facts
 



 




popular links
bar success
career services
course schedules
character & fitness
employer services
equity, diversity, and inclusion
home for good book
homeless veterans legal assistance program
jobs
john marshall foundation
library
merchandise
student handbook
technology
 

our students come for law school but find a community





	© 1999-2025 atlanta's john marshall law school



























