






 



the monart sale - ireland's only elite event horse sale run by riders































































skip to content



x page opens in new windowfacebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowsale results faqs conditions of sale testimonials top navigation


the monart sale
ireland's only elite event horse sale run by riders

home how it works teammonart sale team veterinary  venueequestrian centre hotel  sale graduates contact 



 
teamveterinary  venueequestrian centre hotel  how it works sale graduates testimonials faqs conditions of sale contact sale results 










 



 



 



 










selection days 2025 

ireland's only elite sale run by riders for riders 
							











selection days 2025








the monart sale
ridden horse spring sale 19th – 20th may 2025
3yr old sale 3rd – 6th november 2025
the monart sale is the finest selection of ireland’s 3 year old and upwards event horses brought together on the one day at the one venue. selected by our internationally recognised panel and sold by auction. this all takes place on the grounds of one of the worlds finest locations.
this is the only sale in the world where the horses have been selected by a panel of 5 star event riders, polly jackson (gb), niall griffin (irl), sue shortt (irl) & bill levett (aus) and vetted by olympic team vet marcus swail.











when we started our sale, the first of its kind in ireland back in 2010 we did so with the vision of bringing some of the best young horses that ireland had to offer direct to some of the best riders in the world. our goal was to provide a platform for vendors in ireland to bring horses and get a fair & honest price for their horse, and for buyers to have a sale where they felt safe in the knowledge that everything was transparent and of the highest quality.
we are very proud that our sale has run since its inception with that ethos at its core and very much continues to do so today.


selection days 2025the people in the know buy their horses at monart- j.s. bolger – racing legend -view more testimonials





elite 3yr old catalogue 2024





selection days 2025





live stream










the monart sale
monart equestrian,
the still, enniscorthy,
co. wexford, ireland. y21 cc61
tel: +353 (0) 87 637 7070
email: info@monartsale.com
information live stream how it works conditions of sale frequently asked questions contactmonart network websites
pdf of all lots in the elite 3yr old catalogue
download now 









					copyright © 2019 the monart sale. all rights reserved
                

privacy policy privacy







go to top


we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept












pin it on pinterest



























share this





facebook





twitter





linkedin





































































