









goldi homepage - goldilocks usa













































 























online products

care packages

crunchy garlic peanuts
polvoron budget pack
founders’ favorite
goldilocks’ best
ube obsession
good polvoron duet
polvoron party
hopia mania
mamon medley
bread box
ensaymada’s best




our products

bakeshop

bread / snack bread

bread
snack bread


cakes

premium cakes
greeting cakes


rolls

iced rolls
classic rolls


pastries and pies

hopia
polvoron
pies
pastries & more




food shop

frozen pinoy deli
filipino specialty desserts
thirst quenchers


new products


press

top products to have you looking and feeling good in 2024
holiday gift guide 2023: the most extravagant baked goods baskets
my forbes gift guide
san franciscans try ensymada
tia carrere talks ‘easter sunday’, filipino representation on the big screen & more
what i learned about resilience, leadership and serving the filipino people — one celebration at a time — through our toughest times
goldilocks ensaymada invades the streets of new york and la
holiday gift guide 2021
covid19
forbes.com holiday gift guide
goldilocks introduces new store concept
goldilocks opens in san francisco international airport

asian journal june 2020
kron4
abs-cbn news july 2019
balitang america june 2019




media
locations



0 items




















 






















sweet satisfactionindulge in the irresistible goodness of our baked treats.

shop online









the irresistible ensaymadaenticing. unmatched. goldilocks ensaymada, a timeless classic that satisfies every sweet craving.
shop online









purple is not just a colorit’s a nationwide sensation! join the craze of ube or purple yam – with its slightly sweet and nutty flavors. now more than just the color purple. it’s an obsession!
shop online










 best selling care packagesgoldilocks usa offers the finest selection of expertly curated care packages. indulge in the most popular baked goods, perfect for gifting or savoring with loved ones. elevate any occasion with these delectable treats today. 







ensaymada duo delights
$35.28


prosperity package
$47.53


crunchy garlic peanuts
$45.18


polvoron budget pack
$43.54


good polvoron duet
$35.00


goldilocks best
$47.23


polvoron party
$84.00


hopia mania
$41.60


mamon medley
$63.60


bread box
$29.28


ube obsession
$76.24


founders’ favorite
$73.46


ensaymada’s best
$37.98




free exclusive 2025 calendar with any order of our amazing packages! hurry! while supply lasts only!








buying

more ways to purchase our baked treats.

order online





step into a world of scrumptious delights and baked wonders that will tickle your taste buds! at goldilocks, we’ve mastered the art of delivering the freshest and most delightful baked treats straight to your doorstep. ordering is a breeze with three fantastic ways to get your hands on our goodies. just pick your favorites and let the culinary discoveries begin as you follow the prompts to delightful surprises!





order online
discover endless possibilities with our delightful care packages and unleash your creativity with build your own packages from goldilocks usa. surprise loved ones or treat yourself to a personalized experience that fits your preferences and budget. our care packages are designed to please, while our build your own package allows you to make it truly one-of-a-kind with your favorite goldilocks treats.





visit goldilocks store near you
savor the taste of home with goldilocks usa products, no matter where you are. whether at home, work, or a party, we have you covered with our classic filipino flavors. it’s like a comforting hug from home, hassle-free! order ahead and pick up at any goldilocks store near you.





order via doordash
enjoy the convenience of doorstep dining with goldilocks! with just a click, you’re moments away from enjoying quick, delicious, and satisfying fare without ever leaving the comfort of your home.













with love



handcrafted with love!

grab your favorite cakes, bread, pastries, and snacks that are made with the finest ingredients, delicately handcrafted, and designed to make every day a special occasion.  visit a goldilocks store near you.

about us








premium cakes








greeting cakes








cake rolls








filipino sweets








bread








pastries and snacks









hear ye! here ye!
the sweetest of them all has arrived!
ensaymada with cocojam and macapuno
 




what’s new in ensaymada world?

the one and only ensaymada with cocojam and macapuno (coconut sport).  a first in the ensaymada world.  so delicious!













newsletter

stay updated! spread the sweet news!








thank you for signing up and joining our community! be on the lookout for great news and deals!



email





subscribe












 











with a legacy spanning back to 1966, goldilocks has been the gold standard of  filipino baked goods and cuisine  , crafting each product with the finest quality ingredients and a touch of heartfelt care and love rooted on family values and tradition because we want to delight you and your family.  we’re deeply grateful for your loyalty over the past decades and making us a part of your special occasions and celebrations so we’re committed to ensuring your satisfaction for many decades to come. your trust in us drives our dedication to delivering nothing but the best, always. 



site links




our story
locations
clarmil
frequently asked questions
privacy policy





get in touch

at goldilocks, your satisfaction is our priority. whether you’re satisfied with your order or have any concerns, we’re here to ensure every experience with us is nothing short of delightful. simply reach out to us at customercare@goldilocks-usa.com with any comments or questions, and our team will promptly address your needs, ensuring your goldilocks experience is always exceptional.






thank you for signing up and joining our community! be on the lookout for great news and deals!



email





subscribe












contact me




phone
510-477-8881






email
customercare@goldilocks-usa.com






address
30865 san clemente street, hayward, california 94544, usa





 




 







































































