










gothamgames.com | domain name for sale | the name guy™




















































































		skip to content








 





main menu
 


homenamesmenu toggle

business names business names plus
consultingfaq’saboutblog 
contactcontact 
 

 
 







 










gothamgames.com







is for sale

















in 2022 mobile game revenues hit $92.2 billion! ... holy joystick! ... that's a lot of digital dollars! and if you're looking to become the next app store hero with 7-figure daily revenues, you'll need a brand name that'll crush any villain trying to block your path to top-grossing justice!
gotham games™ is instantly iconic, with a fun superhero theme and simple name alliteration that makes it very easy to remember. it's the perfect name for an individual or team of creatives, wanting to launch or rebrand a game studio and save the world from boredom!

































































































 
think about what this domain is worth to your startup, rebrand, new product or service launch and then fill out the form below, to send me a serious offer/proposal.
 
 










	notice: javascript is required for this content.











 


















faq's about offers



















so what's a serious offer?
 

a serious offer starts at $50,000+. if you've got a real budget within that range, then we can begin a conversation.
$50k could be the magic number, but don't run with that, because most times it's not. $50k is an opener to having a serious conversation about the true value of the name, in relation to your particular enterprise and/or industry, and if you're a qualified buyer.
if a $50,000 starting price has you running for the hills - you might wanna re-think that "big idea". it's probably not as great and profitable as you think.
you may also want to do some due diligence and get up to speed on domain name values.
domains are unique digital assets and my pricing is value-based.
beyond the brand-worthiness of the name, its popularity, keywords, length, ease of pronunciation and memorability - my pricing is based on 2 main factors:
1. the highest and best use of the asset in a competitive business category.
2. the monetary and intrinsic value the asset will bring to an existing or future business, that's seeking to be the category leader.
i accept offers to acquire and normally sell my domain names in the ranges of 5 to 7-figures. some names can even climb to 8-figures - so you need to be launching something that's a big deal, in order to justify the investment in your company's branding.
my ideal clients are well-funded entrepreneurs, engaged in big business, launching scalable enterprises that produce multi-million to multi-billion dollar revenues.
like physical real estate, domain names are digital real estate and the best addresses sell for thousands to millions of dollars on the aftermarket.




why didn't i receive a response to my offer/proposal?
 

most aftermarket domain inquiries are from curious "looky-loos" and/or wannabe entrepreneurs with half-baked ideas, wanting premium names at bargain-basement prices ... i don't respond to such inquiries. 
if you sent an offer that was below the $50,000 minimum and/or you didn't submit authentic contact information, in hopes of a stealth acquisition ... your "offer" went ignored.
also, inquiries coming from free email accounts, i rarely take seriously. so if you're using a gmail, yahoo, hotmail or any other free email account, your offer probably went into my "suspect" folder and never got my attention. 
my names are valuable assets and i receive a lot of interest, so for sake of time, i only reply to real offers that make sense.
my ideal clients are well-funded entrepreneurs, engaged in big business, launching scalable enterprises that produce multi-million to multi-billion dollar revenues. i only respond to serious offers from individuals or companies who meet that criteria and understand the value of the asset into which they're looking to acquire.




do you accept offers from domain brokers?
 

most times, no.
domain brokers usually try to achieve stealth acquisitions of domain names by submitting anonymous offers from a buyer in the shadows ...
i don't entertain "cloak and dagger" style inquiries.
if you're a broker representing a client who wants to acquire one of my names, then be prepared to provide your client's identity and their business intentions for the domain.
otherwise, it's a non-starter.




do you offer payment plans?
 

yes. i offer zero interest monthly payment plans, depending on the size of the transaction.




what payment options do you accept?
 

i accept visa, mastercard, paypal, bank wires, escrow payments through escrow.com and escrow through my attorney's trust account.
if we're using an escrow service, the associated fees fall on you. once the dough hits escrow, i transfer the domain name and any brand related assets to your control.
after you confirm ownership, funds are released to me.
easy-peasy!



















more gaming names











restlessgames.com 









lethalwabbit.com 









evilgames.com 









arcaydian.com 









gaimco.com 









goldfingergames.com 









gamewars.com 









tapzilla.com 









skyedive.com 


















view all names >





















need custom naming?
no problem. i can whip up a fancy schmancy new name, customized specifically for your brand vision and business category.




contact me

















 

 





























i name stuff for well-funded startups, celebrities and visionary entrepreneurs.
















menu 
homebusiness namesbusiness names +consultingfaq'saboutcontactblog
 
 











let's talk names 
hi@thenameguy.com844 • name • guy
 
 








snail mail me 
324 s. beverly drive, suite 317beverly hills, ca 90212
 
 











legal mumbo jumbo 
privacyterms & conditions
 
 








follow me 
for blog updates, bold ideas and unfiltered actionable advice on branding!
 
 













































tm and © 2019-2025 the name guy llc • all rights reserved.









 




start typing and press enter to search 


search...


  







scroll to top




























































 

