





charter bus company | windstar lines




















































fleet

find my bus
21 passenger minibus
36 passenger coach
56 passenger coach
46 passenger sleeper coach
37 passenger vip double deck
60 passenger luxury double deck
81 passenger double deck
all fleet options



who we serve

tour operators
ncaa & pro sports
bank travel clubs
u.s. military
church groups
employee commuter shuttles
schools & educational groups
shuttle services
corporate travel
weddings
entertainers & bands
emergency services
airports
resorts & casinos
family reunions

customers with disabilities


about

careers
customer survey
history
mission & values
our process
know before you go
safety
testimonials
where we operate
who we are


contact us

carroll, iowa
cedar rapids, iowa
des moines, iowa
dubuque, iowa
kansas city, missouri
st. louis, missouri
las vegas, nevada
lincoln, nebraska
orlando, florida
omaha, nebraska
phoenix, arizona
rockford, illinois
sioux falls, south dakota


 quote request

 pay now
 apply now
my account






























charter bus company
windstar lines is a luxury charter bus company proudly offering bus rentals to or from anywhere in the continental united states and canada. our fleet of luxury motorcoaches allows groups of all sizes to travel with maximum comfort and style. with 12 locations throughout the united states, including iowa (carroll, cedar rapids, des moines, and dubuque), nebraska (lincoln), illinois (rockford), missouri (kansas city and st. louis), south dakota (sioux falls), florida (orlando), arizona (phoenix) and nevada (las vegas) we are able to serve our customers with efficiency and ease. choose windstar lines for your next charter bus company!

            our charter bus company proudly accommodates groups of all types and sizes for their charter bus rentals. including, but not limited to the following: 




colleges, universities and school districts
athletic teams and fans
tour operators
entertainers and bands
resorts and casinos
airport shuttles
corporate travel




church groups
weddings
family reunions
military
emergency services
bank travel clubs
and many other shuttle services


 
          windstar lines operates a large and varied fleet that includes 21 passenger minibuses, 36 and 56 passenger luxury motorcoaches, and motorcoaches that are designed for overnight travel. with a wide variety of buses and motorcoaches, we are well-equipped to accommodate groups of all sizes - from 10 to 10,000 passengers!
 
 
read our customer reviews!

 
request a quote












superior customer service








friendly drivers








variety of fleet options











motorcoach fleet options

 
21 passenger
		    minibus

 
36 passenger coach


 
46 passengersleeper coach

 
56 passengercoach

 
 37, 60, and 81 pax  double decker







clean, safe, and professional tour buses for all windstar travelers 




windstar lines is a family-owned and operated charter bus company that has been in operation since 1995. our company's core values are safety and service. we make it our mission to provide superior charter bus rentals with clean, reliable, late-model equipment. our drivers are safe, friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating to the ever-changing needs, conditions, and circumstances that every trip presents.
with an impeccable safety record, we have routinely received the highest ratings possible from the department of transportation, the department of defense, and the transportation safety exchange. in 2012, windstar lines received the prestigious vision award, given annually by the united motorcoach association to an operator who signifies excellence in the charter bus industry.
our experienced team is happy to assist you with all of your ground transportation needs. whether you're an old pro at chartering a motorcoach or you're brand new to it all, we're glad to help. contact us today for your free quote! if you're a "newbie" to all of this, check out our helpful tips on how to get started! welcome to windstar – we'll see you soon!

























© copyright 2025 windstar lines,  inc. all rights reserved.   website by fusebox marketing
certificate of insurance request










































