





 








mary cearle -





























 


skip to main content








 mary cearle
 

toggle navigation





home
about
contact
privacy policy

















 


effective ways to improve your gameplay in fortnite

 november 5, 2022november 29, 2022  tanya simmmons



if you’re like most people, you probably started playing fortnite because everyone else was doing it (and you probably have noticed all the fortnite header). and while it’s a lot of fun to just jump into a game and start shooting, if you really want to up your game (no pun intended), you can do a few things to improve your gameplay. here are five tips to help you on your way to becoming …







 


the 5 most popular games for twitch streaming

 october 6, 2022november 30, 2022  tanya simmmons



twitch is a live-streaming platform that was launched in 2011. the platform is mainly used for video gaming and for other streams such as music, creative content, and even sports. as of 2019, twitch has over 27,000 active streamers and an average of 953,000 concurrent viewers. in this blog post, we will take a look at the five most popular games for twitch streaming.
1. fortnite
fortnite is a battle royale game that was released …







 


5 tips for better time management while streaming on twitch

 september 21, 2022november 29, 2022  tanya simmmons



if you’re a streamer, you know that time management is key to a successful channel. you need to be able to juggle your time between games, talking to chat, and keeping up with your social media platforms. though it might seem like too much to handle, relax! we’re here to help. here are five tips for better time management while streaming on twitch.
1. make a schedule and stick to it
one of the best …







 


cyberpunk edgerunners is the best thing on netflix right now

 august 26, 2022november 29, 2022  tanya simmmons



netflix’s new anime series, cyberpunk edgerunners, is set in the world of the popular video game franchise, cyberpunk 2077. the series follows the story of a young street kid named spike who gets cybernetically enhanced and becomes a cyborg warrior known as an “edgerunner.”
when watching netflix’s new anime series, cyberpunk: edgerunners, there are a few things to remember. first and foremost, the show is set in the year 2077, so it’s important to understand …







 


how virtual reality is changing the gaming industry

 august 16, 2022november 29, 2022  tanya simmmons



for years, gamers have been using headsets to immerse themselves in their favorite games. but what if you could take that immersion to the next level with a headset that gives you realistic audio and visual cues and allows you to interact with the game world physically? that’s the promise of virtual reality (vr), and it’s already starting to change the gaming landscape significantly. here’s how vr is making its mark on the gaming industry.…







 


7 classic pc games that inspired mobile versions

 august 13, 2022november 30, 2022  tanya simmmons



the mobile gaming market is now worth over $50 billion and shows no signs of slowing down. a large portion of that revenue comes from so-called “freemium” games that are free to download but offer in-app purchases for power-ups, extra lives, and other enhancements. while some mobile games are original creations, many are based on popular console and pc games. here are seven classic pc games that have inspired mobile versions.
1. angry birds (2009)…
							






 


things you didn’t know about dota 2

 july 13, 2022november 30, 2022  tanya simmmons



dota 2 is a popular moba game with a dedicated following of millions of gamers worldwide. although the game has been out for several years, there are still many things that even diehard fans may not know. here are five fun facts about dota 2 that you can share with your friends the next time you’re in a match.
1. the average match lasts for over an hour
although the average match time for dota …







 


why you should start watching one piece, the greatest anime of all time

 june 17, 2022november 29, 2022  tanya simmmons



in a world with so many entertainment options, it can be hard to know where to start. if you’re looking for a great anime to watch, look no further than one piece. one piece is an action-packed adventure that follows the straw hat pirates searching for the ultimate treasure, the legendary one piece. with lovable and memorable characters, amazing action scenes, and a touching story, one piece is an anime that has something for everyone.…







 


awesome champions for beginners in league of legends

 june 7, 2022november 30, 2022  tanya simmmons



trying out a new game can be daunting, especially when everyone else seems to know what they’re doing and you have no idea where to start. that’s why we’ve put together this list of five awesome champions for beginners in league of legends. these champions are easy to learn and play with, and they’ll help you get a feel for the game without being overwhelmed. so whether you’re just starting or looking for a new …










japanese video games that took over the world

 may 18, 2022november 30, 2022  tanya simmmons




in the 1980s, japan emerged as a powerhouse in the video game industry. in the decades since, japanese video game developers have continued to produce some of the world’s most popular and influential games. here are japanese video games that took over the world.
super mario bros.
arguably the most iconic video game character of all time, super mario first appeared in 1985’s super mario bros. for the nintendo entertainment system. the game was an …





posts pagination
1
2
older posts 







welcome to our gaming blog



 















						sparkling						theme by colorlib powered by wordpress 















