





fun zone – soccer & fun. get in the zone!
































skip to content 





					fun zone
				


				soccer & fun. get in the zone!
			




 


menu

home
latest news
watch & laugh!
advertising
soccer fun zone
 












manchester city secures kovacic’s arrival in a £30m deal 
october 4, 2023 by clowntown 







in a breathtaking display of ambition and strategic maneuvering, manchester city has pulled off an audacious coup by securing the signature of chelsea’s midfield maestro, mateo kovacic, in a deal worth a jaw-dropping £30m. the footballing world stands agape, as city’s unrelenting pursuit of excellence takes center stage once again, leaving rivals in awe.

read moremanchester city secures kovacic’s arrival in a £30m deal


categories football newstags mateo kovacic, pep guardiola 







foreign ownership a worry for premier league 
april 22, 2023 by clowntown 







the fa’s chief executive says that the number of foreign players signed by premier league teams is a “worrying trend” because it affects players who can play for england. it is even though clubs have found it harder to sign players from within the european union since brexit because they must both be 18 years old and have enough points to get the required governing body endorsement.
richard masters, ceo of the premier league, stated earlier this week that introducing the gbe system and brexit has increased transfer fees, with premier league clubs spending a staggering £815 million in the january transfer window alone. richard masters also called for modifying the gbe rules to make it easier for clubs to sign talent from eu clubs.
read moreforeign ownership a worry for premier league


categories football newstags richard masters 







nottingham secures a position in pl 2023 
march 24, 2023 by clowntown 







 
the current season of the premier league saw certain teams join back after a long break. one of them was nottingham forest, which joined back after a break of twenty-three years. however, their position was tentative at best, without wins so far. however, in the recent match that they played against southampton, they were able to garner a win. as a result, nottingham forest is now out of relegation possibility.

taiwo awoniyi was the player who scored the one goal which helped nottingham forest wins over southampton. this has been their first win away from their home ground. southampton now remains at the bottom of the premier league table. forest obtained a victory score of 1-0 over them when brennan johnson pointed out the midfield error in the 27th minute by lyanco, the brazilian defender. southampton has set the worse record so far in the game against nottingham forest. che adams fired wides for which boos were heard.
read morenottingham secures a position in pl 2023


categories football newstags taiwo awoniyi 







chelsea very keen on strengthening defence withbenoit badiashile 
january 29, 2023 by clowntown 







 
chelsea are to reinforce the squad in the january transfer window, as the club look to provide a backing for the newly appointed graham potter, who has been going through a terrible form after a decent start to his life at the club. due to a number of injury problems so far this season, chelsea have been left short of options at the back. even summer signings like wesley fofana have already been injured for a decent chunk of the campaign. as the premier league gets back to action after the world cup break, it is clear that the blues need to strengthen in a number of positions – especially in defence.
chelsea have prioritised the signing of a new centre back over another places. the club have identified french international benoit badiashile as a huge transfer target. the 21-year-old is on the books of french outfit monaco and the blues have been targeting him for around £ 35 million. the initial offer from chelsea is reported to be worth around £ 31 million but there can be sizeable improvements on this figure over the next few days if monaco are willing to sell. after coming through the youth ranks at monaco, benoit badiashile has gone on to become a crucial player for the team. he has featured in 135 appearances for the club.
read morechelsea very keen on strengthening defence withbenoit badiashile


categories football newstags graham potter 







chelsea equal unwanted premier league record 
october 28, 2022 by clowntown 







chelsea have matched an unwanted record after they were beaten again away from the premier league this season. the blues were on the receiving end of a 2-1 defeat at the hands of southampton despite taking the lead. to this effect, they have now lost at least two of their opening five games for the second time in the premier league era. they lost three of their opening five games during the 2015/16 season under manager jose mourinho as they failed to successfully defend their league title from the previous season.
new signing raheem sterling was the star of the show during the leicester city game at the weekend after he scored a brace to lead 10-man chelsea to a 2-1 home win in the league. he made it three goals in two games with the opening goal against southampton midway through the first half. however, the hosts were level within five minutes thanks to the stunning strike from young midfielder romeo lavia who was signed from manchester city this summer.
read morechelsea equal unwanted premier league record


categories football newstags jose mourinho 







                 everton in talks to sign man united midfielder james garner 
october 18, 2022 by clowntown 







according to the athletic, premier league club, everton are in negotiations with manchester united for young midfielder james garner. the 21-year-old came through the ranks at manchester united before making his first team bow under ole gunnar solskjaer. however, garner made just a handful of first-team appearances and was largely consigned to the reserve side.
garner spent the 2021/22 season on loan at championship side nottingham forest, playing a key role in their promotion to the premier league. a return to carrington this summer was much anticipated, but it could prove to be a short-lived one for the young manchester united midfielder. erik ten hag does not appear to have the 21-year-old in his plans for the 2021/22 season. this will prove to be a hindrance to the youngster’s development, and an exit could beckon. there is no shortage of clubs interested, with several teams keeping tabs on the situation.
read more                 everton in talks to sign man united midfielder james garner


categories football newstags ole gunnar solskjaer 







                 everton in talks to sign man united midfielder james garner 
october 10, 2022 by clowntown 







according to the athletic, premier league club, everton are in negotiations with manchester united for young midfielder james garner. the 21-year-old came through the ranks at manchester united before making his first team bow under ole gunnar solskjaer. however, garner made just a handful of first-team appearances and was largely consigned to the reserve side.

garner spent the 2021/22 season on loan at championship side nottingham forest, playing a key role in their promotion to the premier league. a return to carrington this summer was much anticipated, but it could prove to be a short-lived one for the young manchester united midfielder. erik ten hag does not appear to have the 21-year-old in his plans for the 2021/22 season. this will prove to be a hindrance to the youngster’s development, and an exit could beckon. there is no shortage of clubs interested, with several teams keeping tabs on the situation.
read more                 everton in talks to sign man united midfielder james garner


categories football newstags everton 







   tottenham set to open talks for ruslan malinovskyi-sergio reguilon swap 
september 14, 2022 by clowntown 







according to tutto mercato web, tottenham are considering swapping sergio reguilon with atalanta for attacking midfielder ruslan malinovskyi. a deal could suit all parties concerned, with the serie a side keen on the spurs left-back. tottenham could still make a move or two before the transfer deadline, as antonio conte is keen on adding options that strengthen the squad. the manager could look for opportunistic signings that could add quality depth.
while spurs have strengthened significantly during the window, conte has been looking for an attacking midfielder to complete his squad. with not much time left in the transfer window, the lilywhites are in need of upping the ante in their search for a player. the italian manager wanted to bring nicolo zaniolo in this window, but as roma’s demands have made it difficult for tottenham to spend huge sums. they even attempted to get him on loan, but no move materialised. hence, tottenham are considering ruslan malinovskyi as an alternative, with the ukrainian in the last year of his contract.
read more   tottenham set to open talks for ruslan malinovskyi-sergio reguilon swap


categories football newstags sergio reguilon, tottenham 







chelsea eyeing move for £70m defender 
august 11, 2022 by clowntown 







west london side chelsea are eyeing a move for leicester city star wesley fofana in this summer’s transfer windowas the search for a defender continues. the interest of chelsea in fofana was confirmed by sky sports news.
chelsea were in the market for at least two defenders this summer on the back of the free transfer exits of antonio rudiger and andreas christensen. german international rudiger left chelsea at the end of his contract last month and he has signed for european champions real madrid on a free transfer. on his part, danish international christensen hassigned for barcelona on a free transfer.
read morechelsea eyeing move for £70m defender


categories football newstags danish international, kalidou koulibaly 




post navigation
older posts
1
2
…
29
next → 




the fun zone!the latest football news, plus links to lots of football fun! read (or watch) and laugh!
read & laugh!







read & laugh! 




latest news


manchester city secures kovacic’s arrival in a £30m deal


foreign ownership a worry for premier league


nottingham secures a position in pl 2023


chelsea very keen on strengthening defence withbenoit badiashile


chelsea equal unwanted premier league record


 

 









february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« oct
 
 
 

 

copyright © 2021 fun zone. all rights reserved. 
 






© 2025 fun zone • powered by wpkoi 




scroll back to top










