





live casino sites | best live dealer online casinos sites





live casino sites – live casino sites




































 








live casinos


usa casinos
uk casinos
european casinos
canadian casinos
australian casinos



live games


live baccarat
live blackjack
live roulette
live keno
live sic bo
live casino hold’em
live 3 card poker



mobile casino


android
iphone
ipad





live casinos

usa casinos
uk casinos
european casinos
canadian casinos
australian casinos


live games

live baccarat
live blackjack
live roulette
live keno
live sic bo
live casino hold’em
live 3 card poker


mobile casino

android
iphone
ipad


 

















hi, and welcome to livecasinosites.com i’ve been collecting valuable information on live casinos from across the globe, the different software developers powering these live casino games, and the best online destinations where you can enjoy playing against live dealers since 2010. recently, i’ve also been visiting land-based casinos and live casino studios scattered around the world, enabling me to provide honest advice and more accurate information.
what basically started as a hobby after work has transformed into a full-time commitment and i must be honest, i love it. i’m one of a few that offers this level of research on a regular basis, and therefore i’m considered a bit of an expert when it comes to live casinos. all the information provided on my site is current and i make sure to check it quite frequently. i play against live dealers online every single day, either to test the live casino to ensure they are reliable and trustworthy places to play at or for my own pleasure. i have only included live casinos that have passed my extremely high standards on this site.


rank 
online casino
bonus 
devices
rating 
review
play



1st




$888welcome bonus



 
5/5



read review



play now


2nd




£100welcome bonus



 
4.5/5



read review



play now


3rd




$1000welcome bonus



 
4.5/5



read review



play now


4th




$2500welcome bonus



 
3.5/5



read review



play now


5th




£300welcome bonus



 
4.0/5



read review



play now


regardless if you prefer playing against live dealers being streamed from a land based casino or in a studio, you should be able to find exactly what you are looking for on my site. should you not be satisfied with the information or you think that there might be something i have overlooked and that i can add to my site, please drop me a line and i’ll be more than happy to help.

most popular - top list



live dealer games
checkout our handy guide to the best live dealer casinos, each reviewed and ranked for you to choose from. 
                      



paypal live casinos
looking for a live dealer casino which accepts paypal payments, then look no further with our dedicated section.




bitcoin live casinos
looking for a live dealer casino which accepts bitcoin payments, then look no further with our dedicated section.




iphone live casinos
want to play live online casino games on your iphone? then checkout the best iphone live dealer casino sites available.




android live casinos
want to play live online casino games on your android mobile? then checkout the best android live dealer casino sites available.




ipad live casinos
want to play live online casino games on your ipad mobile? then checkout the best ipad live dealer casino sites available.




live mobile casinos and apps
find the best mobile casinos & apps for any mobile device which have live casino dealers, carefully reviewed and tested for you.




live casinos
want to play live online casinos with live dealers? we have gathered together some of the best casinos.




different live dealer games
live dealer games are most certainly the future of online gambling and that’s another reason i created this site. i will continue to add new and important information as its being developed for live casinos as well. live dealer games have been around since 2003 but only really took off in 2008. the first live dealer game that was introduced to the world was live roulette, and since then there have been plenty of different table and card games that have made the jump from random number generated games to live dealer games.

blackjackread more
baccaratread more
rouletteread more
kenoread more
sic boread more
casino hold'emread more
3 card pokerread more



there is also a plethora of software developers that are adjusting their products and services towards live dealer games. new and exciting live dealer games are launched almost every single month and it difficult to keep up with all the changes at times. luckily, you will find every live dealer game on this site along with how the game is played, the various side bets that have been included, the betting options available on each live dealer game, the software developer responsible for creating the game, and where you can play and enjoy a specific live dealer game.
live casinos by country
as i am sure you are aware, live casinos from australia will be completely different to the live casinos you will have access to when playing from the united kingdom. this is especially true when searching for a live casino from the united states as country jurisdictions, gambling licenses, and the gambling law of each country will also have a significant effect when you wish to play at a live casino.


usa
uk
european union
australia
canada


for this very reason, i decided to look at several leading countries that offer numerous live casinos in their jurisdiction and list them accordingly. i have also provided the most recent development in terms of gambling laws for each country, offered a list of the best live casino destinations in each country, and who exactly regulates the live casinos in a specific country. this will greatly assist online players to find the best live casino in their respective countries, allowing them to receive their winnings without any additional hassles.
live dealer mobile casinos
live dealer games have expanded exponentially over the last decade and will continue to expand over the next few years. the same can be said when looking at mobile devices and the captivating and remarkable grasp they have on us in recent times. it’s very difficult to find someone without a smartphone or tablet these days and online casinos quickly optimized their range of casino games to feature on all mobile devices. most online casinos can be accessed through a mobile web browser thanks to html5 technology.


androidread more
iphoneread more
ipadread more
mobileread more


recently, live dealer games have also been introduced to mobile gaming and this is currently the latest trend in the world of online gambling. online players can now enjoy their favourite live dealer games while making their way to work, while having lunch, or even when going on vacation. for this reason, i also created a section that will give you a wide variety of live casinos that offer a mobile app where live dealer games can be enjoyed on both android and ios devices.
live casinos offering bitcoin and paypal
if you wish to play against a live dealer, you will first need to fund your online casino account. luckily, there are plenty of live casinos that offer some of the best payment methods in the world, ensuring you can easily and effortlessly fund your account in a matter of seconds. the two most renowned payment methods in the world are paypal and bitcoin. therefore, i have created a dedicated section for live casinos offering paypal and another section for live casinos offering bitcoin. this will further assist you in making an educated decision when looking for a live casino offering either of these world-class payment methods.


bitcoinread more
paypalread more



live casino review criteria
i have tried to be as consistent and objective with each of my live casino reviews as i possibly can be. i sincerely hope they provide you with the necessary information you are looking for and that they are useful if you are looking for an online destination featuring live dealer games. i also thought it might be helpful to provide you with the criteria i use to mark each of the live casinos. hopefully, the explanations and categories make logical sense.
playability: i provide my overall impression of the live casino i reviewed. did i have a great time at the casino? were the live dealers professional, friendly, and chatty? is every aspect of the live casino easy to understand and easy to navigate? does it provide a great range of live dealer games? does the live casino provide a comprehensive set of betting choices? are high rollers considered?
software: i take an in-depth look at the software provider powering the live casino and provide detailed information about the usability of the software. does the software integrate with the rest of the online casino? are the live dealer game images clear and understanding? is the video streaming fast and reliable? has the live casino taken more than just the generic shared tables? is the live casino available on mobile devices?
payment options: i also take a stroll through the live casino’s banking section and provide the various payment methods on offer. does the live casino offer a great range of payment options? does the live casino process payments in a timely manner? does the live casino support multiple currencies?
security: this is one of the most important aspects of my live casino reviews cause the games can be as impressive as they want to be, without security no one will visit the live casino. is the reputation of the live casino good amongst online players? does the live casino have a valid gaming license? is the live casino transparent about their security measures they have implemented? is the live casino frequently audited? does the live casino publish this information on their website?
support: this is another very important factor for any live casino establishment. you won’t be able to get a sense of direction, especially if you are new to the world of live dealer gambling, without friendly and helpful support representatives looking out for you. does the live casino offer multiple methods to get in touch with them? is their support centre available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week? do they provide a live chat facility and how quick are their response times? are they well educated, professional, friendly, and able to assist me immediately? does the live casino website offer a faq section or a self-help library?
bonuses: the best way to attract new players to a live casino is by offering a generous welcome package and exclusive promotions to keep them coming back for more. therefore, i have a look at the online casino’s range of bonuses aimed towards the live casino section. do they offer bonuses for live dealer games? how achievable are the playthrough requirements? do they offer reload bonuses? does the online casino have a loyalty program where my accumulated points can be redeemed for cash?
once i reviewed each of the criteria’s i mentioned above, i will give you my overall impression of the live casino i reviewed and tell you if i would be back for more, as well as if you should give the live casino a try.






 top dealer games

blackjack
baccarat
roulette
sic bo
keno
casino hold'em



 

top rated casino


live casino dealers
excellent promotions

100% up to $888
get bonus
read review


mobile casinosandroid casinos
iphone casinos
ipad casinos
mobile casinos
other linkspaypal casinos
bitcoin casinos
how to play live dealer games
 
















 








home
about us
privacy policy
terms of use
contact us

copyright © 2017 livecasinosites.com. all rights reserved.








 
























