















dublin, ca - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in











    government      services      business      i want to...      explore  


 

 

 

 

 







 












search







 
 
 










       





 
 
 












 














report an issue








stay informed








agendas & minutes










 
 
 














parks & community services








permits, licensing & inspections








development activity










 
 
 

























 







dublin latest news







	stay up to date
 






  
 













additional slots now available for upcoming free emergency preparedness trainings 


the city of dublin and alameda county fire department have added many new available slots for the upcoming free emergency preparedness training sessions this month.						read on...






storm preparedness tips 


during heavy rains, the maintenance staff at the department of public works is on full alert, circulating throughout the city to remove downed trees and limbs; clean storm drains; and remove leaves and debris, which can lead to flooding.						read on...






overnight lane closures on dublin boulevard near the i-680 overpass 


a single lane closure in both directions of dublin boulevard, near the i-680 overpass, will take place from 9:00 p.m. to 4:00 a.m. this week, in order for workers to install a conduit.						read on...






summary of actions taken by dublin city council on tuesday, february 4 


at its meeting held on tuesday, february 4, the dublin city council took a number of actions.						read on...






supervisor david haubert to present a foster family support town hall on tuesday, february 25 


interested in fostering youth?  join supervisor david haubert and the alameda county child and family services department on tuesday, february 25, 5:00 to 7:15 p.m., at the dublin library (200 civic plaza), to learn how to become a resource parent.						read on...






view the latest edition of the "dublin digest" newsletter 


the latest edition of the "dublin digest" newsletter is now available for viewing. in this issue, you'll find information about a recent memorial for a dublin hero; emergency preparedness classes; a new eatery coming to persimmon place; and more.						read on...






help create a sustainable dublin by joining the dublin climate challenge! 


do you want to help create a sustainable dublin?  the city of dublin recently launched the dublin climate challenge to help residents take action, reduce their impact on the environment, and save money.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 





 meetings
 events




 meetings








calendar







feb
17	


parks and community services commission regular meeting - cancelled







feb
18	


webinar: part 2 - ecommerce foundations




regular city council meeting







feb
19	


event:  join east bay sbdc’s first procurement summit!







feb
20	


webinar: ai basics





view all events




/calendar.aspx





 events








calendar







feb
19	


healthy relationships & teens







feb
23	


storytelling with muriel johnson





view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 








landing page


























 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







	dublin city hall
100 civic plaza
dublin, ca 94568
phone: 925-833-6650
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







business licenses



dublin demographics



economic development



employment opportunities









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







site map



privacy policy



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 










       





 
 
 

 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









