








environmental solutions - best environmental consulting service in usa









environmental solutions










home




solutions




about




contact












best environmental consulting solutions
environmental solutions is to provide full service environmental consulting, in order to meet
                            and
                            exceed our clients environmental needs on a national and international level with fast,
                            accurate,
                            and economical solutions.


explore solutions


call (817) 793-1484


phase 1 reports, 7 days: 30% off if we also do the appraisal.
                            ben boothe's certified environmental inspectors.




explore solutions
solutions offered n.e.p.a reports, phase i, ii, iii site assessments, asbestos consulting,
                    environmental remediation,
                    contained site
                    services, hazardous waste services, asbestos inspections, mold inspections, consulting on petrolium
                    oil and gas projects


n.e.p.a. reports
we are experienced in conducting environmental impact studies that comply with n.e.p.a.
n.e.p.a. means the (national environmental protection act). in that act, any federal project,
                            or
                            agency that contracts for work, must first comply with n.e.p.a.
we conduct full nepa complying environmental assessment / environmental impact studies.
we have experience in major projects throughout the country in nepa compliance, and will
                            provide
                            full service to make those needing quick, efficient, and cost effective n.e.p.a. compliance.
                        
in recent years our firm has completed more n.e.p.a. reports for federal prisons than any
                            firm in
                            the u.s.a.
if you are dealing with the federal government, we can make it easy for you, and the federal
                            government agency involved, making n.e.p.a. compliance issues manageable.


phase i site assessments (2-7 day turn around) (a.a.i. compliant)

a physical on site inspection
site history investigation including previous usage
federal, state, and local agency records research
completion of a 50 yr. historical title search identifying the previous use, handling,
                                and
                                storage of hazardous materials.

phase ii site assessments (7-14 day turn around)

physical review of the property and development of sampling strategy
sample collection and analysis by qualified, experienced professionals
a comprehensive report including the identity of the problem, cost-effective solutions,
                                and
                                a cost analysis that may impact property transfer transactions and/or remediation
                                alternatives.

phase iii site assessment

additional detailed investigation
establish and implement remediation plan with approval of appropriate environmental
                                agencies
                            
monitor plan implementation and document process



asbestos consulting
inspecting:

inspections are destructive (pre-demolition) or non destructive

 follow up to inspections:

manage the asbestos in place
have asbestos removed
a combination of each

 air monitoring:

personal air monitoring for employees who are working in environments where they are or
                                maybe exposed to asbestos, in compliance with current osha regulations. 

epa and osha asbestos and mold licenses

asbestos inspections and consulting on remediation
mold inspections and consulting on remediation




hazardous waste disposal
we offer a complete range of oil and hazardous waste disposal resources. we provide services in
                        strict accordance with the regulations of the us department of transportation, state agencies,
                        and local authorities.
on staff provides on-site sampling and testing of waste streams, waste characterization and
                        profiling, and the sourcing and selection of approved recycling, transfer, storage, and disposal
                        facilities.
disposal capabilities include:

bulk loads of liquids and contaminated soils, totes, drums and specialty containers
                            comprised of solids, liquids, and sludge. our compliance team ensures that waste streams are
                            accurately manifested under proper shipping documentation and that they are tracked "cradle
                            to grave"!
we offer economical and environmentally sound transportation and disposal services to waste
                            generators of solvents, acids, caustics, pcb’s, laboratory wastes, and other mixed and
                            regulated waste streams. 

tank services
provide supervision and will oversee turnkey construction services for the removal, cleaning,
                        maintenance, and upgrade of petroleum/chemical storage and distribution systems.

tank cleaning, testing, and assessment
tank closure
tank system removal
site restoration

confined space
our staff is fully trained in confined space entry and confined space rescue. we can perform
                        storage cleaning, hazard evaluation, and/or standby rescue services.
oil and gas
petroleum geologist and engineer credentials of our asscociates provide expertise in the
                        petroleum industry to provide "practical" consulting.


environmental remediation
cleanup a site such that any residual contaminant levels are below established threshold cleanup
                        levels or risk-based cleanup levels. remediation program is structured to meet specific
                        regulatory agency requirements.
the remediation program includes:

feasibility study
pilot study
corrective action plan
remedial action plan
implementation of remediation
post remediation verification sampling
post remediation monitoring
closure report

 remediation examples:

excavate and haul soil offsite to an approved soil disposal/treatment facility
excavate and treat soil onsite using bioremediation, vapor extraction, etc.
other forms of remediation including soil washing, solidification/stabilization, etc.
our goal is to work with our clients to design cost-effective remedial solutions that will meet
                    the prescribed target cleanup objectives within specified time frames as dictated by the project
                    needs. 
                

emergency response consulting
emergency response teams which we can consult with are on call 24 hours a day to mitigate and
                        remediate the release of oil and hazardous materials to the environment. clients typically
                        engage our services in response to the sudden release of oil and/or hazardous materials
                        involving transportation and industrial accidents. oftentimes these accidents present an
                        imminent threat to public health and the environment and require immediate response actions to
                        stabilize and control the scene.
general consulting on:

site specific health and safety plans
spill containment and control
remediation and clean-up of oil and hazardous materials
confined space entry and rescue
site investigation, environmental monitoring, and risk assessment
product recovery and transfer
waste storage, transportation & disposal
site restoration
emergency response management
designs, plans, specifications, & construction documentation
ongoing environmental monitoring




about us
we do global
                    environmental consulting, stressing “solutions”. we provide consulting for communities,
                    cities, states, governments, corporations for environmental planning, resolution, and how to find
                    solutions for your situation. in some cases, planning, policies, and consulting by an independent
                    consulting company provides advice and can help you to avoid problems for years in the future.

our team has experience in many nations. international orientation. we will go anywhere on earth
                        for you.
we have experience with cities, states, governments, in helping them deal with strategic
                        environmental planning and policies. we understand political issues and the challenges needed
                        for regulatory and practical problem solving of environmental issues.
we have experience in inspections, evaluations, and preparing detailed environmental
                        evaluations. we include an exploration geologist and petrolium engineer in our associate
                        credentials.
environmental solutions can help remediate your environmental problems, or give you detailed
                        instructions of how to solve problems efficiently.
environmental consulting, planning and policy formulation
asbestos inspections: rapid response on asbestos
mold inspections: we can do emergency mold removal as result of storms or
                            flooding.
phase i, ii and iii
industrial and municipal evaluation
oil and gas drilling and operating

we not only do: phase i, 2 and 3 reports (7 day turn-around), but we do environmental feasibility,
                    environmental impacts upon value, and environmental assessments and nepa studies for large projects
                    needing state and federal funding for prisons, hospitals, highway impacts, commercial and community
                    projects. we also are interested in is helping create development of desalination plants for
                    municipal and agricultural use where water is short yet there is an underground ocean of saline or
                    salt water.
in 2014 we did environmental developments in n. dakota, industrial buildings environment in new
                    hampshire, environmental study on retail centers in new mexico, and env phase 1 & 2 on radio and
                    radioactive properties in texas.


ben boothe, founder
ben has
                            30+ years environmental experience in several states and countries. his
                            supervising experience includes pre-development consulting, oil & chemical spills,
                            cleanup, asbestos review, strategic environmental consulting, and work for numerous
                            corporations, banks, and agencies. his work has taken him to romania, india, cambodia,
                            mongolia, china, mexico. he is also an expert in the positive economic benefits of good
                            environmental policy.
ben serves on the board of governors of the shrine children's hospitals, la.
resume

harding college, searcy, arkansas. bachelor of arts
                                degree,graduated 1970
instructor:southern methodist university(southwestern
                                graduate school of banking).1991--6 hours study on ethics, title 11 firrea
                                compliance, banking.
real estate training institute:real estate market psychology
                                #0523.30 hours, fort worth, texas. completed 10-4-90
real estate training institute:general principals, real estate
                                appraisal #0211.30 hours, fort worth, texas.completed 1988
real estate training institute:real estate law #0311.30
                                hours, fort worth, texas.completed 1988
new york university and laventhol & horwath, new york,
                                    ny.laventhol & horwath course on "federal income taxation of
                                partnerships (impact upon valuation)". 16 hours.july 20-21, 1988
dearborn financial institute:practices and appraisal ethics
                                #5001.15 hours, dallas, texas. completed 1991
national association of r/e appraisers: uniform residential
                                appraisal report course june 29-30, 1989, dallas, 15 hours
national association of r/e appraisers: appraising
                                condominiums, august 17-18, 1989, dallas, 15 hours
national association of r/e appraisers becoming an expert witness
                                appraiser march 22-23, 1990, 15 hours
real estate training institute: client representation. 30
                                hours, fort worth, texas. completed 1990
environmental assessment association. 8 hours "environmental
                                inspections and appraisals".las colinas, texas. june 7, 1991
international association of assessing officials(member of appraisal
                                    foundation) course 2 - income approach to valuation july 24,
                                1992 - university of new mexico, 30 hours
appraisal institute - north texas chapter standards spp part a -
                                dallas, texas march 5, 1992, 15 hours
appraisal institute standards part a (course 420, 10 hours) -
                                dallas, texas april 23 & 24, 1993
appraisal institute course 420 - part b "standards", 11
                                hours april 24, 1993
appraisal institute appraisal practices for litigation
                                august 5 & 6, 1993; bedford, texas; 14 hours
appraisal standards board of the appraisal foundation asb
                                informational meetings on uspap revisions july 11, 1994; dallas, texas; 7 hours
                            
appraisal institute texas property tax consulting/court
                                presentation march 7, 1995; dallas, texas; 3 hours
international right-of-way association chapter 36 condemnation and
                                    litigation may 12, 1995, dallas, texas; 7 hours
appraisal institute technology video conference at compass
                                communications group october 12, 1995; dallas, texas; 4 hours
appraisal institute - central texas chapter residential appraisal
                                problems in the tarrant county and surrounding areas may 29, 1996; fort worth,
                                texas; 2 hours
appraisal institute - north texas chapter fair lending and the
                                appraiser june 21, 1996, dallas, texas, 7 hours
appraisal institute banking/appraisal law and regulations
                                february 3, 1997, fort worth, texas; 8 hours
appraisal institute real estate law february 13, 1997,
                                dallas, texas; 2 hours
continuing education institute exchanges/structuring 1031
                                exchanges february 19, 1997, fort worth, texas; 8 hours
appraisal institute income capitalization, course 310 may
                                4-9, 1998; houston, texas; 30 hours
appraisal institute advanced sales & cost approaches, course
                                #11530 march 1-7, 1998; plano, texas; 36 hours + exam 4 hours
national association of master appraisers,lincoln graduate center
                                    standards of professional practice march 22, 1998; dallas, texas; 15
                                hours
lincoln graduate center standards of professional appraisal
                                    practices march 22-23, 1998; dallas, texas; 15 hours
appraisal institute course 1310 basic income capitalization
                                may 4-9, 1998, houston; texas; 36 hours + exam 3 hours
the columbia institute environmental site analysis - impact on
                                real estate transactions, #112 january 18, 1999; dallas, texas; 8 hours
the columbia institute uspap update, #101 january 21, 1999;
                                addison, texas; 8 hours
the columbia institute reviewing complex residential
                                appraisals january 22 & 23, 1999; addison, texas; 16 hours.
the columbia institute 1999 fha appraisal rules #110
                                september 13, 1999; addison, texas; 8 hours
passed united states dept. of housing and urban development appraiser
                                    examination: september 21, 1999
lincoln graduate center residential approach to value, #512
                                march 6 - 9, 2002; san antonio, texas; 30 hours
lincoln graduate center writing the narrative appraisal,
                                #660 march 10, 11, 2002; san antonio, texas; 15 hours
lincoln graduate center uspap update july 13 and 14, 2002;
                                irving, texas; 15 hours
appraisal institute highest and best use october 24 - 30,
                                2002; chicago, illinois; 36 hours
robinson real estate school income appraisals november 8 -
                                10, 2002; houston, texas; 30 hours
dearborn financial institute, inc. mold and mildew claims
                                november 11, 2002: dallas, texas; 8.0 hours
mckissock, inc. fha appraising - recertification december
                                2, 2002; dallas, texas; 7 hours
mckissock, inc. information technology & the appraiser
                                december 3, 2002; dallas, texas; 7 hours
mckissock, inc uniform standards appraisal practice
                                december 17, 2002; dallas, texas; 7 hours
mckissock, inc income capitalization january 6, 2003;
                                dallas, texas; 7 hours
international consultingenvironmental consulting in u.s.a, india,
                                cambodia, ecuador, romania, germany, mongolia, china, bangladesh plus other nations.
                            
academic careerprofessor and consultant at over 12 universities
                            
publicationpublisher of several environmental works



mike habash
mike habash has more than 30 years of experience in environmental consulting business. he has
                            master degree in geology.
resume

education: masters degree in geology from state university of new york
                                at buffalo, 1980
licenses: epa and osha asbestos and mold licenses
exploration geologist, premier oil company, dallas, texas (1980-1995):
                                experience included development of new oil and gas prospects. mapping and creating
                                surface and subsurface geological maps. well logs interpretation. estimating oil and gas
                                wells cost and profits. estimating reserves and writing geological and engineering
                                reports.
environmental engineer, department manager, maxim engineers company, dallas
                                    (1995- 2000): experience included asbestos inspection and surveys, air
                                monitoring and project management, closeout and reports writing. managed a broad range
                                of projects including acquisition related due diligence, soil/groundwater remediation,
                                environmental assessments and environmental impact statements, and field programs
                                necessary to support such projects. business development responsibilities include
                                maintaining relationships with clients, expanding client base, assistance in the
                                preparation of marketing materials, and presentations to clients.
environmental engineer and owner and president of enviro consulting system,
                                    inc., euless, texas (2000-present): experience included asbestos, lead, and
                                mold inspection and surveys. air monitoring and project management, developing work
                                specifications and protocols. writing proposals to clients. making decisions on job
                                related health and safety issues, closeout and reports writing. supervise 5 employees.
                                serve as project site health and safety officer for the investigation, construction
                                maintenance and operation of environmental remediation projects. provide health and
                                safety oversight for environmental investigation in residential, commercial and
                                industrial settings.



bob stewart p. e.
title:  sr. engineering consultant
mr. stewart has 34 years of experience managing development and implementation programs. he
                            managed etc corporation's toll integration projects and assisted with detailed transition
                            plans for its rite project. mr. stewart managed etc corporation's successful proposal to
                            install the rite system for the harris county toll road authority (hctra) and assisted the
                            program team at etc in developing management systems and program planning for hctra.
mr. stewart initiated and managed the hctra ez tag refurbishment facility. this effort
                            included defining the tag refurbishment processes, purchasing the appropriate equipment,
                            writing specifications for the software management system, hiring and training personnel,
                            and managing all suppliers for the program.
mr. stewart has 30 years experience managing military electronics programs at texas
                            instruments. in 1997, mr. stewart joined amtech systems corporation as program manager for
                            the sunpass electronic toll collection system. in this role, he managed the development and
                            deployment of the sunpass system for the florida department of transportation. the sunpass
                            system required major component and software development and system testing. mr. steward,
                            served as the central program customer interface between fdot and amtech, managed the
                            sunpass program office and system development staff in dallas, coordinated with the
                            component design engineering staff in albuquerque, and kept the fdot crew and management
                            informed of all progress.
sunpass upgraded existing lanes and added new lanes for approximately 16 express (open road)
                            toll lanes, 50 dedicated electronic toll collection lanes and 150 mixed-use lanes. public
                            acceptance of the sunpass system far exceeded fdot projections, resulting in over 2 million
                            tags deployed in florida.
credential

education: bsme, msea, southern methodist university
certifications: professonal engineer, texas: license
                                no.29716professional engineer, louisiana, license no.31620









 location


                            12409 san francisco rd ne, albuquerque, nm 87122
                        



 follow & contact me








 sections

home
solutions
about
contact




                copyright â© 2024 environmental solutions. all rights reserved.
            






