



	fedpage











































home (current)


events


custom services


gsa schedule


about


contact


plan your event








quick and easy registration for
the government’s most important
events! fedpage is your all-in-one
resource to find and prepare
for federal seminars, expos and
conferences around the country.

            







take a look to see what’s happening near you!
use fedpage to locate the best upcoming
expositions, conferences and other learning
opportunities for the government community.
review our ever-growing list of events for
government and military personnel, and use the
robust search tools to narrow down the list of best
events for you.
find events





featured events






34th annual government procurement conference (gpc)
wednesday, april 16, 2025
walter e. washington convention center

                                                the government procurement conference is a national conference fostering business partnerships between the federal government, its prime contractors, and small, minority, service-disabled veteran-owned, veteran-owned, hubzone, and women-owned businesses. now in its 34th year, the government procurement conference has become the premier event for small businesses throughout the united states.
                                                

                                                  learn more






phoenix challenge london 2025
march 4 – 6, 2025
iet london savoy

                                                the united states department of defense, office of information operations policy (oiop) and the united kingdom ministry of defence (military strategic effects) welcome you to phoenix challenge® 2025, march 4 – 6, 2025 at the iet london savoy. this event is a unique opportunity for leaders and professionals across the many information disciplines to come together and expertly address the unique successes, gaps, and opportunities of our profession.
                                                

                                                  learn more











host your own event!

                            we can help you with your next event!
                                    
                            fbc can produce an event at your agency at no cost to the government. we have more than 40
                            years of experience in planning, managing and working on events with federal agencies. our
                            proven track record is with both civilian and dod agencies.
                        
learn more









                    at fbc events, government
agencies & industry
representatives build face-toface
relationships. but, fbc is
more than a just a professional
tradeshow and conference
planning organization.


                








featured capability providers












































federal business council
                            8850 stanford blvd, suite 1850-1900
                            columbia, md 21045
phone: (301) 206-2940
fax: (301) 206-2950
                                




gsa schedule

                           #47qraa20d0014
                        
host your event today


follow us










                            copyright © 2022 all rights reserved by federal business council, inc.

privacy
                            policy

















