






a masterplan community of new homes in calaveras county – the perfect balance between historic charm and contemporary flair




































































 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentcopper valleythe perfect balance between historic charm and contemporary flairexperiences

destination activities
copper valley experiences
the town square
dining


lodging

overview
golf bungalows
the gateway hotel


golf club

the golf club at copper valley


events

weddings & events
meetings & retreats
upcoming events


real estate

quail creek
copper valley properties


contact
























































the lifestyle you deserve
copper valley is a four-season world of wonder just a two-hour drive from the bay area. this calaveras county masterplan community includes the historic town of copperopolis with its festivals and fun, world-class golf, miles of lakefront shoreline, dining, shopping, and new home ownership opportunities surrounded by several thousand acres of rolling hills and natural streams. discover the gateway to endless outdoor adventures — gold country, yosemite national park, wine, and alpine attractions.
one of california’s best kept secrets is your family’s perfect place for creating memories to last a lifetime.















live
imagine your life transitioning to copper valley, finally experiencing peace














lodging
visit for the week or a weekend to explore some of california's best adventures














play
welcome to the gateway of all california's greatest adventures





















 































 














an unparalleled lifestyle
experience copper valley & beyond














golf
a must-play california course














upcoming events
see what's coming up in copper valley














destination activities
national parks in your own backyard










































get updates & news
join the vip insider's list





























upcoming events at copper valley !! 

see you this


 





plan your special day in the sierra foothills at t






sit back and stay a while! next time you visit cop






who are you teeing off with this week? ⛳️ make






head on over to the rusty bucket in the town squar






this burger from griff's bbq in the town square is






take advantage of the bungalow packages while they






good as gold💛🍕 gold dust pizza in the town s






weekends filled with fluffy ricotta pancakes 🥞 






your dream home awaits! want to tour the beautiful



 




follow on instagram





this error message is only visible to wordpress admins











209-785-3444   /   info@coppervalley.comcv logo

footer horizontal
dining
golf
meetings & retreats
real estate
destination activities

town square
events
dining at the square
directory

helpful links
experiences
contact

join our vip list
sign up for news & updates!

email*

captcha

 











any renderings used to depict a home, structure or land are artist's conception and are not precise actual representations of the respective properties. cv development and copper valley properties reserve the right to make changes on price, promotions, material, floor plans, amenities and home specifications without notice and without liability for such changes. any market loan interest rates, programs and payments are subject to change without notice and require buyer qualifying terms and criteria. any payments are estimates and may or may not include principle, interest, taxes and insurance and buyer must request details from seller’s representatives. broker's welcome and should register buyers on first visit.
upon registration, cv development and/or copper valley properties will not sell your data or share your data with any other party other than seller’s preferred lender for purposes of servicing buyer’s requested needs. we will use your data only to provide you with information and updates on activities and events associated with vc development and copper valley properties, as well as real estate for sale and promotions on said real estate.


dre# 02084615
© 2025 copper valley. all rights reserved.




























