

life with art - south african artists online catalogue

















focus on south african artists
life with art focuses on south african artists, but also has a strong international flavour and specializes
in an online catalogue and valuations. our goals are to provide:

an expanded market for south african artists
an effective south african online art facility
an expert channel for the buying and selling of works of art locally and internationally
a fine and decorative art valuations service for international auction drawing on the expertise of an extensive range of international and national specialists in their fields

life with art is the brainchild of gillian scott-berning and harriet hedley. 

we both have extensive experience having worked for christie's for many
years.  we retain an excellent relationship with them, other international houses and dealers.  we provide buying and selling services in the international arena. we also arrange private
treaty sales. 

we have offices in johannesburg, durban and cape town and are
available to travel to other centres. 








.....more






start living with art - transformation of the domestic and office environment from the prosaic and ordinary to become the statement of lifestyle.....more 






 are you thinking of buying? visit our online art catalogue

life with art offers an extensive art catalogue facility on the internet. its primary purpose is to facilitate purchase and sale of south african and international artists and artefacts on a national level.







   laubser, maggie   (maria    magdalena) (1886 - 1973)
   

   price: price on request



mother and child set in landscape
oil on board, signed
50 x 40cm. 
...more info

click here to view the latest 10 items added to the catalogue.          











are you thinking of selling?
or of auctioning something of value? paintings, sculptures, even teddy bears?

contact us or telephone harriet hedley 011 4860967, gillian scott-berning 031 2078247 or our cape town office: 021 794 6966. 

we advise and make all the arrangements including payment and delivery. 

 a collector? please let us know what you collect

if you are looking for something in particular, and haven't found it in our online catalogue, please fill in our collectors form and we will advise you when we come across any items which fit your interests.




fine & decorative art valuations
we can value a wide range of artefacts from paintings (old master to contemporary art), furniture, silver, porcelain, glass, sculpture, classic and vintage cars, jewellery, toys, cameras and watches. 
more about our valuation service 
contact us to arrange a valuation or telephone gillian scott-berning 031 2078247 or harriet hedley 011 4860967 or our cape town office: 021 794 6966.

we have clients looking for works of art by the following artists:


gerard bengu/bhengu
simoni mnguni
gerard sekoto
irma stern
j.h. pierneef
thomas baines

please contact us for a valuation if you have a picture you might consider selling.




collecting art as an investment and for pleasure makes good economic sense. we can source works of art and help you build your collection wisely.....more


 visit our art catalogues
 and view items.....

   - south african art
 

   - conservation art
 

   - international art


 portrait commissions
 are you looking for a 
 commissioned portrait?
 

 valuation service
 how we operate and our
 access to 350 experts from
 world-wide.
 

 stolen valuables
 register
 

 collectors form
 are you a collector and 
 looking for something in
 particular? let us help
 you find it.
 

 south african artists
 

 south african paintings
 

 south african photography
 

 south african prints
 

 south african ceramics
 

 contemporary south african art
 

 wildlife art
 

 porcelain and glass
 

 all paintings
 

 silver
 

 miscellaneous objects
 

 art for pleasure and
 investment
 we are in a strong position
 to source works of art.
 

 start living with art
 select that specific, unique
 item from the convenience
 of your home or office.
 

 contact us
 our telephone, fax and
 email contact details.
 

 home
 to go back to the front
 page of the web site.



 forthcoming events
 details of forthcoming  events 







| art catalogue | valuations | about us | contact us | home | © lifewithart.com
| tel - jhb: 011 486 0967 , dbn: 031 207 8247 , cpt: 021 794 6966 |





