

















plh medical ltd : suppliers of x-ray imaging equipment



































































































  01923 237521 (main)  sales@plhmedical.co.uk    service@plhmedical.co.uk




go






 




fail to safe x-ray warning lights - discover more >>

















menumenuhomeveterinary

learninghubonline cpdcr equipmentdr equipmentcomputed tomographyx-ray equipmentveterinary warning lightsultrasound equipmentveterinary dentalimage archiving - vethubautoclavesveterinary accessorieslatest deals
medical

chiropractic diagnostic imagingdigital radiographyhigh frequency generatorsportable x-ray machinesradiographic tableslatest deals
service

bronze service plansilver service plangold service planplatinum service planout of hours
locum insurancecontact 











 
full 2full 3full 3full 3 









siemens healthineers – somatom go.up

welcome to plh medical ltd


established in june 1977, plh medical ltd has grown to be one of the leading suppliers of x-ray imaging equipment and solutions across its markets in the uk and internationally.
whatever your demands in practice, plh medical has an advanced and wide range of leading edge x-ray imaging equipment to suit your needs. over many years plh medical has developed enviable working partnerships with some of the most respected names in our profession. the cornerstone of our success has been based on the values of uncompromising customer service, product reliability and true value for money.











medical
wide range of leading edge medical imaging products to suit your needs…
 
 
 
 
 





veterinary
wide range of leading edge veterinary imaging products to suit your needs…
 
 
 
 
 





news
stay up to date with the latest news from plh medical ltd…
 
 
 
 
 





service
full details of the services provided by plh medical ltd…
 
 
 
 
 









recent news
stay up to date with all the latest news from plh medical


 





							is your practice at risk?						







the crucial choice between genuine and refurbished parts
 



in the fast-paced world of medical imaging equipment, the decision to replace or repair parts is a critical one. when faced with this choice, opting for genuine parts over refurbished alternatives can make all the difference in the performance, longevity, and safety of your equipment. at the forefront of this commitment to excellence is the emphasis on sourcing parts from official agfa dealers, with plh medical proudly standing as the sole authorised dealer in the uk.it’s worth asking the question, why do genuine parts matter?genuine agfa parts are precision-engineered to meet the highest standards, ensuring optimal performance, consistent results and a major reduction in unexpected and expensive breakdowns. investing in genuine parts is not only securing the long-term durability of your equipment but also the safety of your practice. when it comes to medical/veterinary equipment, safety is paramount. genuine agfa parts are manufactured with strict adherence to quality and safety standards, reducing the risk of malfunctions. there’s heavy risk in using independent businesses that are refurbishing spare parts as they have not been through agfa’s verification or validation. plh medical do not use, sell or offer refurbished parts as we do not feel this is the best and safest option for customers.the role of official agfa dealer means we have exclusive access to a comprehensive range of genuine and most importantly, new agfa parts. this ensures you are getting authentic components directly from the manufacturer. purchasing from us also guarantees access to expert guidance and advice having worked with agfa for a long time.not only do genuine parts matter but the way in which they are installed matter too. genuine parts deserve precise installation. plh medical’s team of agfa-qualified engineers have the expertise and knowledge needed to install tricky components keeping your equipment in safe hands.all official agfa-trained engineers for installation ensures that your equipment remains within warranty guidelines. this not only protects your investment but also provides peace of mind knowing that any potential issues will be addressed promptly and effectively.the choice between genuine and refurbished parts extends beyond mere functionality—it’s a commitment to the reliability, durability and safety of your medical imaging equipment. partnering with plh medical, the exclusive agfa partner in the uk, guarantees access to authentic agfa parts and the expertise needed for seamless installation. choose excellence, choose safety—choose genuine agfa parts for a more resilient and enduring medical imaging environment.  







 read more






							plh medical: latest milestone						
mental health priorities
at plh medical, our mission extends beyond providing the latest in innovation for the veterinary industry, it’s about fostering a workplace environment that prioritises the well-being of our team members. we’re incredibly…

 read more






							our 2024 goals						
as we stride into the promising realms of 2024, plh medical sets its sights on a multitude of initiatives that promise to redefine our presence in the veterinary industry. in this comprehensive blog post,…

 read more






							meet jordan oddy: blending veterinary expertise and sales						
meet jordan oddy: blending veterinary expertise and sales.
our new sales field representative
jordan oddy, our newest field sales representative at plh medical, brings a…

 read more




 

							choosing the right ultrasound system for your veterinary practice						
ultrasound technology has become an indispensable diagnostic tool in veterinary medicine. from pregnancy evaluations to abdominal scans and cardiac examinations, ultrasound systems offer invaluable insights into the health and well-being of animals. however, with…

 read more




 

							the advantages of digital radiography in veterinary practice						
diagnostic imaging is a vital component of veterinary medicine, enabling accurate diagnoses and effective treatment plans for our animal companions. in recent years, digital radiography has emerged as a revolutionary technology, transforming the way…

 read more









require more information....



book an appointment









clients feedback
 

vets4petsi am super super chuffed with our brand-new agfa dura-line dr panel from plh medical.within the practice, we were looking for an upgrade x-ray solution to our agfa cr digitiser that would give us operational benefits, deliver brilliant image quality and be affordable.i chatted with julia at plh medical and she put together a package for me with the latest agfa xd14 detector.   this panel works with our existing x-ray and floating top table and sits in the under-table cassette tray. it does not have to be removed.  viewing time is so fast – around 3-5 seconds, and i am just blown away with the image quality! already we have improved our workflow and examination speed, and everyone loves using it! installation of the panel was quick and easy and i would recommend every practice to set up with this dr detector.plh will help with the whole process from planning to installation and continuous support.this is one of my best decisions and i’m very happy to fly the plh flag with this panel.les vanblerkvets4petsthe donkey sanctuarywe are extremely pleased with dr system purchased from plh. the picture quality is excellent and the system is easy to use, we received excellent training from their engineer who was able to answer all our questions. delivery times and engineers turned up on schedule, leaving us confident that after sales support will be readily available.we also purchased a bucky plate stand which makes radiographing easier and safer. the stand holds the plate securely, no plate shake which you get with someone holding the plate in a traditional holder and everyone is able to stand well clear of the beam. despite having only received the stand the day before, the engineer was able to demonstrate its use and point out safety precautions.  jane flemingthe donkey sanctuarysanderson vetwhen we were setting up a hub to support our successful mobile vet service, plh provided all of our x-ray facilities. julia took the time to find out our requirements, and helped guide us by finding out about our service and how we worked, then provided us with everything we needed for high quality, safe x-ray facilities. the nip technology and bucky table enable us to get the very best images possible. the engineer was knowledgeable and a pleasure to welcome to the clinic.would recommend them without hesitation. richard sandersonsanderson vetnorthwest mri&ctwhen it comes to aftercare this is where plh medical really does go that extra mile. there are not many companies that have that personal contact and that feel of dedication from a company, most reps and companies nowadays are just trying to hit targets and onto the next sale and the next punter. i always feel comfortable to call plh medical (mark) even if it is for something minor and he is always happy to drop everything and resolve any concerns that i have. i would suggest that you do not look elsewhere for your x-ray needs as plh medical have the full package.  james westonnorthwest mri&ctballinger equineafter rigorous testing we selected the agfa dr 10s system for in-the-field use by our veterinary surgeons. quick and easy to set up, with no trailing cables and long battery life between charges, the kit is reliable, highly portable and produces top quality diagnostic images. the intuitive laptop interface, allows immediate in-the-field interpretation of radiographs. our setup always performs faultlessly, even in the most challenging conditions and it is reassuring to have exemplary radiography service and support from plh who understand the demands of our 24/7, 365 practice.dr susanna ballinger
bvsc certavp(ep) mrcvs rcvs advanced practitioner in equine practice
veterinary director, ballinger equine  dr susanna ballingerballinger equinegatehouse veterinary surgerythank you for installing the digital x-ray processor, it has been a very welcome addition to the practice. being a largely ‘technophobic’ practice we were a little nervous about operating it without incident. however, thanks to the wonderful introduction to the machine given by the engineer who installed it, we just about had the confidence to use it unsupervised. the machine has become very easy to use day to day and has absolutely revolutionised the x-ray process for us. we are so glad to have had the opportunity to take the jump to digital. the image quality is amazing and the ability to enlarge, etc is very handy. we are also enjoying the ease at which we can share the images with referral centres and bva for hip/elbow scores. thank you again, it has been a huge bonus to the practice. laura
practice managerlauragatehouse veterinary surgeryvets4petsjust wanted to drop an email to say a big thank you to all your team member for the continuing great service we receive from plh medical. all of your team member have been extremely supportive in a stressful time when our x-ray machine stopped working.our new machine is working really well and all the team at hull vets 4 pets are highly impressed with it. we really appreciate the way plh medical dealt with the problem so efficiently that we didn’t have to cancel any appointments and we were still able to continue with radiographs within a couple of days.your customer service are always friendly and give immediate advice which is greatly received in this busy industries.fiona pitchforkvets4pets




tweets by @plhmedical








            helpdesk
        
 
our professional support staffs are always ready to support you.
 

report online








some of our clients




































 








 

                        established in june 1977, plh medical ltd has grown to be one of the leading suppliers of x-ray imaging solutions across its markets in the uk and internationally.
                    

                        whatever your demands in practice plh medical has an advanced and wide range of leading edge imaging products to suit your needs.
                    


navigation
 

home
veterinary
medical
service
news
contact
testimonials



office opening hours
 

                        monday -friday: 8.30am-5:00pm



contact info
 
 01923 237521 (main)
 service@plhmedical.co.uk
 sales@plhmedical.co.uk



                        plh medical ltd,
                        unit 4 dakota court,
                        amy johnson way,
						blackpool business park,
                        blackpool, fy4 2rp



cookie policy

privacy policy

terms & conditions - sale of goods









                        © 2017 plh medical ltd. all rights reserved.
                    

























 

homeveterinary▼learninghubonline cpdcr equipmentdr equipmentcomputed tomographyx-ray equipmentveterinary warning lightsultrasound equipmentveterinary dentalimage archiving – vethubautoclavesveterinary accessorieslatest dealsmedical▼chiropractic diagnostic imagingdigital radiographyhigh frequency generatorsportable x-ray machinesradiographic tableslatest dealsservice▼bronze service plansilver service plangold service planplatinum service planout of hourslocum insurancecontact 


















































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.acceptnoprivacy policy




