




 

home | canon city























































































 











skip to main content










hit enter to search or esc to close




close search
    








 



search

 
menu     



things to do
places to stay
restaurants & bars
top attractions
shopping


instagram search 

















 





  





welcome to
colorado’s
royal gorge region
royal gorge & cañon city, colorado visitor information




navigate to the next section
























  





the royal gorge is home to
world-class activities and attractions.














  





experience america’s most spectacular rail journey


book a ride




















filtertop attractions royal gorge route railroadattractionstop attractionsroyal gorge route railroadexperience america’s most spectacular rail journey come experience a spectacular train ride through the colorado… afternoon teas & wine tastings at the royal gorge mansionattractionsrestaurants & barsthings to dotop attractionsafternoon teas & wine tastings at the royal gorge mansionhistoric royal gorge mansion immerse yourself in local history and elegance by enjoying a leisurely… the happy endings caboose caferestaurants & barstop attractionsthe happy endings caboose cafeget your coffee in a caboose t he happy endings caboose cafe is open daily!… royal gorge route railroadrecreationtop attractionsroyal gorge route railroadexperience america’s most spectacular rail journey come experience a spectacular train ride through the colorado… royal gorge route railroadrestaurants & barstop attractionsroyal gorge route railroadexperience america’s most spectacular rail journey come experience a spectacular train ride through the colorado… first class dinner traintop attractionsrestaurants & barsthings to dofirst class dinner trainexperience railcar dining at its finest take in the majestic soaring views of the royal… royal gorge route railroadtop attractionsroyal gorge route railroadexperience america’s most spectacular rail journey come experience a spectacular train ride through the colorado… santa fe depotshoppingtop attractionssanta fe depotexperience the best shopping in the royal gorge great shopping awaits at the beautifully redesigned… lunch traintop attractionsrestaurants & barslunch trainexperience the beauty & bounty of the royal gorge take in the majestic soaring views… afternoon tea & wine tastings at the royal gorge mansionthings to dorestaurants & barstop attractionsafternoon tea & wine tastings at the royal gorge mansionenjoy the grand tradition of high tea at one of colorado’s most historic mansions. served… experience the royal gorge bridge & parkguidestop attractionsexperience the royal gorge bridge & parkthe royal gorge bridge & park is one of colorado’s most famous attractions. the bridge…








filterallattractionsguidesplaces to stayrestaurants & barsshoppingthings to dotop attractions abbey events complexattractionsshoppingabbey events complexthe abbey is the perfect place to bring people together for any group or corporate… museum of colorado prisonsattractionsmuseum of colorado prisonsunlock the past and experience the colorful history of prison life! a visit to the the… royal gorge route railroadattractionstop attractionsroyal gorge route railroadexperience america’s most spectacular rail journey come experience a spectacular train ride through the colorado… fremont center for the artsattractionsfremont center for the artswe foster and enrich the cultural and economic health for the greater fremont county region… royal gorge bridge and parkattractionsroyal gorge bridge and parkthe place where adventures begin the royal gorge bridge & park is a colorado local… winery at holy cross abbeyattractionsshoppingwinery at holy cross abbeyseveral years ago, some simple benedictine fathers had a dream… a dream of a fine colorado… the royal gorge regionrecreationattractionsguidesthings to dothe royal gorge regionall about the royal gorge region the royal gorge region is a beautiful and rugged… arkansas river toursrecreationarkansas river toursroyal gorge rafting is one of colorado's top whitewater experiences! as one of the original… colorado jeep toursrecreationcolorado jeep tourshigh quality, scenic, and informative off-road jeep tours at colorado jeep tours we pride ourselves… echo canyon river expeditionsrecreationecho canyon river expeditionsso much more than a raft trip echo canyon river expeditions will provide your family… performance tours, inc.recreationperformance tours, inc.whitewater rafting on colorado’s most spectacular rivers! looking for adventure that’s exciting, affordable and fun?… raft masters raftingrecreationraft masters raftingfun adventure memories since 1989 raft masters has been in business under the same ownership… afternoon teas & wine tastings at the royal gorge mansionattractionsrestaurants & barsthings to dotop attractionsafternoon teas & wine tastings at the royal gorge mansionhistoric royal gorge mansion immerse yourself in local history and elegance by enjoying a leisurely… royal gorge route inns – greenwood suiteslodgingroyal gorge route inns – greenwood suitesgreenwood suites our greenwood suites home features four bookable king bedrooms: 2 with ensuite bathrooms… royal gorge route innslodgingroyal gorge route innsgreenwood suites our greenwood home has been meticulously renovated throughout into a cozy farmhouse meets… royal gorge cabinslodgingroyal gorge cabinslet the outside in royal gorge cabins offers luxury cabin rentals just minutes from cañon… hillside colorado cottageslodginghillside colorado cottagestiny town. huge views. dark skies. hillside, colorado is an unincorporated town that is home… moonshadow estatelodgingmoonshadow estatefamily vacation dreams come true our big, loving vacation home is nestled in the arkansas… echo canyon campground and rv parkcampingecho canyon campground and rv parkwelcome to our playground we invite you to spend some quality family time camping under… mountain view rv resortcampingmountain view rv resortexperience colorado's beauty mountain view rv resort is located in the heart of the royal… royal gorge koacampingroyal gorge koapanoramic views of spectacular scenery the royal gorge/canon city koa is located in the foothills… royal view campgroundcampingroyal view campgroundan rv park with all the luxuries as colorado’s highest rated rv park, we offer… the starlite classic campgroundcampingthe starlite classic campgrounda unique vacation experience experience life in the "past" lane when you stay in one… 8 miles bar & grillrestaurants & bars8 miles bar & grillfood and drink that inspires class v excitement and satisfaction after a day’s white water… the happy endings caboose caferestaurants & barstop attractionsthe happy endings caboose cafeget your coffee in a caboose t he happy endings caboose cafe is open daily!… royal gorge route railroadrecreationtop attractionsroyal gorge route railroadexperience america’s most spectacular rail journey come experience a spectacular train ride through the colorado… royal gorge route railroadrestaurants & barstop attractionsroyal gorge route railroadexperience america’s most spectacular rail journey come experience a spectacular train ride through the colorado… first class dinner traintop attractionsrestaurants & barsthings to dofirst class dinner trainexperience railcar dining at its finest take in the majestic soaring views of the royal… royal gorge route railroadtop attractionsroyal gorge route railroadexperience america’s most spectacular rail journey come experience a spectacular train ride through the colorado… santa fe depotshoppingtop attractionssanta fe depotexperience the best shopping in the royal gorge great shopping awaits at the beautifully redesigned… discover downtown canon cityshoppingthings to dodiscover downtown canon cityhistoric downtown downtown has so much to offer, from great watering holes to some of… lunch traintop attractionsrestaurants & barslunch trainexperience the beauty & bounty of the royal gorge take in the majestic soaring views… afternoon tea & wine tastings at the royal gorge mansionthings to dorestaurants & barstop attractionsafternoon tea & wine tastings at the royal gorge mansionenjoy the grand tradition of high tea at one of colorado’s most historic mansions. served… the locomotives of the royal gorge route railroadguidesthe locomotives of the royal gorge route railroadthe royal gorge route railroad has been a part of the rich history of canon… the history of dome carsguidesthe history of dome carsmodern glass observation dome cars were introduced to the rail car in 1945 as a… royal gorge route railroad and the can-carguidesroyal gorge route railroad and the can-carthe history of the can-car for most of the 19th century and half of the… experience the royal gorge bridge & parkguidestop attractionsexperience the royal gorge bridge & parkthe royal gorge bridge & park is one of colorado’s most famous attractions. the bridge… sights you’ll find on the royal gorge routeguidessights you’ll find on the royal gorge routethe royal gorge route railroad includes some of the best views you’ll see in colorado.… 6 places to visit while in coloradoguides6 places to visit while in coloradofew states have as much unique and varied natural landscapes as colorado does. from ancestral… top-rated local favorites in cañon cityguidestop-rated local favorites in cañon citywhether you’re visiting the neighborhood or live close by, the royal gorge region is home… an itinerary for your weekend in cañon cityguidesan itinerary for your weekend in cañon cityare you ready to get away this weekend? with fall approaching, many families and groups… outdoor activities in the royal gorge regionthings to dooutdoor activities in the royal gorge regionso many options for outdoor enthusiasts canon city offers so many outdoor activities in the… skyline driverecreationskyline drivea thrilling drive to a spectacular view drive your passenger car on a road that… the royal gorge dinosaur experienceattractionsthe royal gorge dinosaur experiencethe royal gorge dinosaur experience the royal gorge dinosaur experience provides an affordable, dynamic and… tanner trailrecreationtanner trailexperience america’s most spectacular rail journey tanner peak is a scrappy little semi-arid peak in… the lucky stopshoppingthe lucky stopthe go to spot for colorado merchandise! if you’re looking for a place to grab… vintage revivalshoppingvintage revivalvintage-chic décor and gifts of all kinds the standard oil company sign still hangs on… the artists’ galleryshoppingthe artists’ galleryart & jewelry from local and area artists a beautiful art gallery located in the… nirvana culinary paradiserestaurants & barsnirvana culinary paradisenirvana culinary paradise was founded out of deep love for real indian food, for food…








  





welcome to the royal gorge region and cañon city, colorado.





  





the royal gorge region is just 2 hours south of denver and 45 minutes southwest of colorado springs. home to a number of world-class activities and attractions, including the royal gorge route railroad, royal gorge mansion, the royal bridge & park, and the winery at holy cross abbey, it is one of colorado’s top destinations for travelers from around the world.
the rushing arkansas river cuts through the 1,200-foot royal gorge, making for stunning views you’ll find no where else in the world. thanks to three million years of mother nature’s handiwork, this beautifully carved sheer rock-wall canyon is as deep as the eiffel tower is tall.










the royal gorge is known as the banana belt of colorado, so it’s no surprise that farming, ranching and grape-growing thrive here, as well as year-round recreation and all-around rocky mountain adventuring. colorado’s best white water rafting, hiking, biking, climbing and camping are on offer virtually all year in this mountain town.
when you’re ready to relax and refuel, you’ll find excellent dining aboard the royal gorge route railroad, fantastic downtown canon city boutique shopping, and a tasting room at the winery at holy cross abbey that you don’t want to miss.



































about canoncitycolorado.com is the official visitor’s guide for the royal gorge region. here, you’ll find top-rated attractions and destinations throughout canon city, fremont county and the entire arkansas river valley. discover the area’s very best destination attractions; recreation, adventure and outdoor activities; restaurants and bars, and shopping. we’ll also share insider tips for visitors, offered by royal gorge region in-the-know locals.

 

explore cañon citythings to do
places to stay
restaurants & bars
top attractions
shopping



site maphome
about
milepost guide
add your listing
contact us



join our newsletter

email

captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 


















© 2025 canon city. all rights reserved. | crafted by fmk agency













close menu
    
 

things to do
places to stay
restaurants & bars
top attractions
shopping




 royal gorge route railroad
330 royal gorge boulevard
cañon city, co 81212
t: 719.276.4000
e: info@royalgorgeroute.com

facebookinstagram

 

 
 

















































