






organizational learning, sol north americacenter for systems awareness | center for systems awareness




























































 




 












menu



resources
contact

 

 










the society for organizational learning north america
working together to effect change.
learn more


 
 
 
 








since its inception in 1997, the society for organizational learning north america has worked with hundreds of teams and organizations to help them achieve their aspirations, and as equally important, their business results. the society for organizational learning north america has become a partner of choice for many multinational for-profit and non-profit organizations as well as government agencies, in particular because of our holistic approach to the five disciplines of organizational learning. specifically, the society for organizational learning north america has distinguished itself from other providers as we:


build capacity, not dependency, for effective action in individuals, teams, and organizations in a way that is self-sustaining, replicable, and continuously evolving.


co-create learning processes with our clients that are grounded in real work and that help the clients develop new ways of thinking and acting over time.


provide a thoroughly tested set of concepts, tools, methods, and processes that enable, accelerate, and diffuse learning to ensure breakthrough results.












our programs



executive champions' workshop - august, 2024
facilitated by peter senge, otto scharmer, arawana hayashi & melanie goodchild

august 20-23, 2024










our guiding principles

the society for organizational learning north america allows people to come together to share their experiences and improve both their lives and their worlds. there are core principles of organizational learning that resonate with people around the world. connect with the society for organizational learning north america and learn how you can effect change.













learn more













working and learning in collaboration is exponentially more powerful than working in isolation.
we harness the energy of people around the power of organizational learning by connecting passionate individuals to a like-minded community that grows, discovers, and learns together.














presencing institute1770 mass ave #221 cambridge, ma 02140
 
 
 




diane.nakashian@presencing.org
 
 
 
 
 
 






©2024
 all rights reserved
 
 
 


 
 
 
 















