








the mandara mountains homepage




 

 


 
    home


northern montagnards
literature preview
ethnic groups
bibliography
research
mandaras publishing
information to share
useful links
send e-mail



              menu   

 

 

 
 
 

 


 
               



⌂ home


northern montagnards


literature preview


ethnic groups


bibliography


research


send
            e-mail


mandaras publishing


information to share


useful links


 
 


 
 

 

  


 

 


show region map  of mandara area




 
 
 
mandara mountains homepage 

this website is for all ethnographers
          who are interested in the study of the northern mandara mountains of n.
          cameroon and n.e. nigeria which i call the northern mandaras.
        

the inhabitants
          are today referred to by english speaking scholars as montagnards, a french
          word, which replaces the less acceptable term "hill dwellers". 

until the deadly terror by boko haram,
          they existed mainly through terrace farming, but many men also did seasonal work in towns or cultivated beans along the southern shores of lake chad.

the northern montagnards section informs on the history and life of the peoples of
        the northern mandaras, with an emphasis on their mountain environment, ritual history and past material lives. please visit the mafa bull festival slideshow  with english and french picture texts.
  

mandaras publishing gives access to print publications, including scholarly works and rare historical books for
        downloading. we further plan to host area-related oral historical source material and started with audio files for
        dghwede speakers as addition to the print publication azaghvana (2021).
      

the
          site contains a substantial bibliography of the ethnographic, linguistic,
          archaeological and geographical literature dealing with the peoples of the
          northern mandaras, their history and environments. the site also carries
          a list of ethnic groups known to us so far. each ethnonym listed is hyperlinked
          to a separate page giving a brief description of the ethnic group it is
          associated with. please feel free to participate in the updating of the
      site.

 new publications

 
 

a comprehensive ethnographic overview of the muri mountains, 2024





publication for downloading

 
 

azaghvana, 2021





hardback still available
flipbook now available 

 
 
 
 

the way of the beer, 2003





e-book now available

 
 
expedition to central africa, petermann 1854






electronic facsimile edition 2010

 
 
 
 




⌂ home
• northern montagnards
• literature preview
• ethnic groups
• bibliography
• research
• send e-mail
• mandaras publishing
• information to share
• useful links
• copyright




