


john goddard - official website of a world famous adventurer & motivational speaker










    



   


 


 books by john
 image gallery









 
 
        
           























 

                  john goddard, one of the world's most famous anthropologists, explorers, and adventurers, passed away friday, may 17th in glendale, ca, after battling a rare form of cancer known as waldenström's macroglobulinemia.

                  called “the real-life indiana jones” by the la times, goddard will be remembered as the world's greatest goal achiever and survivor of numerous edge-of-death experiences through his 88 1/2 years of life. he documented his adventures on film and showed them to thousands of youth and adults across the globe, inspiring them to set and achieve goals. his motto was: to dare is to do - to fear is to fail.



click here to know more about john goddard



                  one rainy afternoon an inspired 15-year old boy named john goddard sat down at his kitchen table in los angeles and wrote three words at the top of a yellow pad, "my life list." under that heading he wrote down 127 goals.

                  these were not simple or easy goals. they included climbing the world's major mountains, exploring from source to mouth the longest rivers of the world, piloting the world's fastest aircraft, running a mile in five minutes and reading the entire encyclopedia britannica.

                  now, a generation later, he has accomplished 109 of these quests, and has logged an impressive list of records in achieving them.

click here to view the list of goals.
                   


this spotlight on john goddard was broadcast on dateline (nbc)






“john goddard - this is your life”






an episode from “i search for adventure” -
              in 1951 john goddard became the first man to navigate the entire length of the nile river






1956 congo river expedition






le nil: les villages de la vallée






secrets of the world's #1 goal achiever







                   
the survivor captures some of these adventures as it follows his experiences from boyhood, through his teen years and into adulthood. each individual adventure is sure to thrill you-from the exquisite details of exotic locales, to the raw power of pacific storms, to the hair-raising brushes with death-always emphasizing the danger and exhilaration intrinsic to the adventurous life. unique to this book, though, is the author's reverence for life and all living things, his honesty in admitting his own recklessness, his awe and gratitude to the supreme force that miraculously allowed him to survive each of these close calls with death, and his ability to use his experiences and the lessons he learned to set and achieve clear, meaningful goals.

click here to buy "the survivor"   



 

 



 









news

john goddard turns pursuit of 127 boyhood goals into a lively career

the world’s “greatest goal achiever” – the legend of john goddard

11-year-old's bucket list is #goals

john goddard: the ultimate bucket list

john goddard dies at 88; adventurer fulfilled most of childhood goals
              by los angeles times

adventurer john goddard dies with nearly complete bucket list
              by ksl tv

so many perils, so little time
              by los angeles times

obituary

'real life indiana jones,' adventurer john goddard dies at 88
              by la canada news

john goddard: young explorer with a goal
              by the deseret news

bucket lists: are they a good idea?

making the most of time : john goddard's resume makes it clear that the world is his workplace, but you won't find his age listed.
              by jeff prugh times staff writer

john goddard and the river of life
              by sea kayaker magazine





            " you're embarking on the kind of experience that happens once in a generation. if you succeed, you'll make history. if you fail it'll cost you 
            your lives. "district commissioner,
urundi, africa.
 infomercial production
television infomercial production
media buying
infomercial production california
direct response television
infomercial production los angeles
post production services
           










home | about john | life list | articles | contact


website provided by direct response advertising
    ©1987 - 2020 tva media group, inc. all rights reserved.




