













rutgers university human resources home | uhr.rutgers.edu








      skip to main content
    









rutgers home  |  
              new brunswick  |  
              rbhs  |  
              newark  |  
              camden    
                  








search this site




  |  
            search all rutgers




 
homecurrent employeesonesource service centerhr & payroll support user guidebenefitsbenefits seminarsbenefits overviewuniversity holiday closings schedule and guidelinescaregiver support programchange of employment statusenrolling in benefitsflexible work arrangement offeringshealth benefitslife and insurance programsmobile appsnon-state benefits for rutgers positionsopen enrollmentpaid time offpensionretirementtax savings planschosen name initiativeemployee rights and responsibilitiesemployee self service (myrutgers)ethics at rutgersoffice of employment equityoffice of workplace cultureorganizational & talent developmentura-aft employee resourceswork/life balanceprospective employeesthe ru commitmenttransfer from a state employerrutgers excellencesearch jobsgreat things to know about rutgershr professionalbusiness partner services (hr consulting)compensation servicessalary schedules for rutgers positionssalary schedules for rbhs positionsaaup-aft faculty salary schedulesformshr definitionshr information technologyhr liaison resource libraryhuman capital management (hcm)messages from the svppolicy and employment practices (pep)university policy librarytalent acquisitionabout uhrcontact usonesource service centerretirees









 

why work at rutgers?
joining the rutgers team is more than a job. it's an opportunity. the university's total compensation model is designed to help our employees with their personal and professional growth and well-being.



 








 

best in class benefits







investment in your education


tuition remission for employees and eligible dependents (varies by role and salary).











flexible work arrangements


arrangements that provide balance between your professional and personal life (varies by role).











work/life balance


generous paid time off to unwind and enjoy time away from work, includes vacation time, paid holidays, personal days, and administrative leave days.








 






rutgers again named a top employer by forbes
providing jobs to more than 27,000 faculty and staff, rutgers ranks among forbes best large employers in the nation and is also in the top 10 on its list of america’s best employers by state.
providing a respectful workplace and a commitment to veterans and valuing diversity and inclusion are just some of the many reasons why rutgers is a great place to work.


learn more








health benefits and well-being resources
your well-being is our priority. we offer an array of benefits to keep you and your family healthy:
medical, prescription, dental, and vision care plans
flexible spending accounts to set aside money before taxes to pay for certain medical and dental expenses
life insurance
access to recreation facilities
mental health support services
rutgers my wellness mobile app (physical, mental, and wellness support resources)


view health benefits











retirement planning and financial health
rutgers offers competitive retirement benefits and defined contribution retirement plans (based upon position):



retirement plans:
public employee retirement system (pers)
alternate benefit program (abp)
police and fire retirement system (pfrs)
in addition, the university offers additional opportunities to secure your financial future through voluntary tax savings plans including 403(b) and 457 plans. financial counseling and retirement planning tool are also available.


employee discount program:
discounts from thousands of local and national vendors
pension plan information
403(b) and 457 plan information
employee discount information











professional development opportunities
rutgers university provides employees with a suite of programs and services to enable purposeful professional growth:
self-directed and formal learning and development opportunities
supervisor and leadership development programs and offerings
performance management and development processes
executive coaching programs


learn more











meet our people
one thing that can help make a big place like rutgers feel like a community is getting to know the people around us. here, rutgers employees share their stories and tell us what they do and who they are as individuals.
the people of rutgers
front line employee portrait project






 

faces & voices of rutgers







alejandro ruiz


alejandro “alex” ruiz is a constant at rutgers, directing the daily operation, program development, and health and safety staff on multiple campuses and research stations, while also serving as an 










nicole bates


nicole bates has been engaging with students for over 31 years with rutgers dining, where her impact has not only been felt through the essential services of meal production and distribution, but t










rebecca potosky


rebecca potosky grew up around animals and brought her love for them to rutgers, where she earned a degree in animal science and has remained as a senior research animal care technician to provide 








 


view employment opportunities















 



feedback
submit your comments, suggestions, and other feedback about uhr at rutgers.
 
uhr locations
central administration / new brunswick
              administrative services building ii
            57 us highway 1, new brunswick, nj
camden
              camden administrative building
            25 n. 5th street, camden, nj 08102
newark
              45 bleeker street
            newark nj 07102


explore rutgers
universitywide
rutgers university–new brunswick
rutgers university–newark
rutgers university–camden
rutgers biomedical and health sciences
rutgers health
search rutgers


contact uhr
central administration/ new brunswick
onesource@rutgers.edu
              phone: 732.745.serv (7378)
              onesource fax: 732-932-8332
            general uhr fax: 732-932-0046
camden office of human resources
hr.camden@rutgers.edu
              phone: 856-225-6475
            fax: 856-225-6489
newark human resources
hrnewark@newark.rutgers.edu
              phone: 973-353-5500
            fax: 973-353-1532



 




 

rutgers is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with rutgers websites to accessibility@rutgers.edu or complete the report accessibility barrier / provide feedback form.
copyright © 2025. rutgers, the state university of new jersey. all rights reserved.
 











