



beer does not make you invincible — livejournal






















































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































ishitpinecones
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














ishitpinecones







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement












recent entries friends archive profile
add to friends rss

ishitpinecones

beer does not make you invincible
if you put your hand in the ceiling fan it'll hurt real bad.




(no subject)ishitpineconesseptember 18th, 2013current mood:nicotine deprivedsup my tumblr is bouncehousedisaster.tumblr.com now but i might change it back to debbiedirtbag i dunnomight start using this here lj to post personal shit that i don't feel comfortable posting on the rotten filthy cesspool that is tumblr (since no one reads lj anymore and they have better privacy settings)i've gotten really into star trek lately it's sup[er gross that's all i do thast is literally all i do



13 commentsleave a commentshareflag







(no subject)ishitpineconesjanuary 10th, 2013i'm here now most of the time just fyi: debbiedirtbag.tumblr.com



2 commentsleave a commentshareflag










(no subject)ishitpineconesnovember 28th, 2012this thing: http://garote.bdmonkeys.net/bsri.htmlyou scored 50.833 out of 100 masculine points, 59.167 out of 100 feminine points, and 51.667 out of 100 androgynous (neutral) points.so basically i'm a fat david bowie.tags: gender



3 commentsleave a commentshareflag







(no subject)ishitpineconesnovember 13th, 2012tumblr is downhyperventilating



leave a commentshareflag










(no subject)ishitpineconesoctober 24th, 2012i wish i could be happy for people who would be happy for me if i were happy idk poooooopkill me and each of you eat a piece of my brain and then my ghost thoughts will be inside you forever



2 commentsleave a commentshareflag










diediedieidideijfiiishitpineconesaugust 22nd, 2012hey community college gangsta in the school libraryturn your shitty music down no one likes ithey giggling dipshitsshut the fuck up some people have had a long day and would love to skin you alive if you don't stop making beavis and butthead noises huhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuh dude brooh now they're eating potato chips as loud as possible fuck you fuck you dieseriously i came in here for some fucking quiet



4 commentsleave a commentshareflag










i like watching medical documentaries ...ishitpineconesaugust 10th, 2012... so i decided to fish for some on google before i went to bed. came across a website called factualtv and while some of these shows seem legit interesting (aids, eating disorders, bird flu pandemic, reconstructive surgery etc.), they also have a doc called "complementary medicine - the facts".mmm hmm.why do i doubt that any facts whatsoever are presented in this film? oh, other than the fact that having unsanitary needles stabbed into non-existent pressure points in your body will cure your copd. or that your depression is somehow caused by your spine being "misaligned" so you should go have your vertebral artery severed seek care from a qualified chiropractic shyster. the more i learn about so-called "complementary and alternative medicine", the more i want to stab people who profit from preying on desperately ill folks who lack knowledge of the process of medical science, or the scientific process in general (due to our shitty public school system but that's a rant for another time). these scams promise a cure, which legitimate medicine often cannot without simply lying to the patient. medicine is trial and error. it's detective work. cam is woowoo magic wrapped in psuedoscience wrapped in the super happy hippy crunchy feeling we all get when words like "ancient", "miracle" and "asian" are thrown around. (i never understood why the "ancientness" of something qualifies it as being a good therapy anyway. in ancient times people lived to be roughly 30.)don't get me wrong. there are some incredibly shitty doctors out there (i've been to some), and the pharmaceutical industry is about as vast and evil as any other gigantic industrial complex. over-medication is a problem (especially in the case of antibiotics - i firmly believe that some docs prescribe these merely to get the patient to shut up). the patient/doctor relationship and quality of care in many institutions is severely lacking. these are legitimate problems. however the answer is widespread health care reform and regulation (thas soshulizm), not dandelion water enemas and realigned energy meridians. .... oh man i actually posted something serious. i feel dirty now.



7 commentsleave a commentshareflag







(no subject)ishitpineconesaugust 4th, 2012i cant stand the suspense



2 commentsleave a commentshareflag










hfndsjgfndsgjbnsgjdishitpineconesjune 14th, 2012guuuuiiise june 17th thru 22nd is illinois resident discount days at shedd aquariumi wanna go d: i wanna see the jellyfish



2 commentsleave a commentshareflag







writer's block: mad for mulletsishitpineconesmay 28th, 2012

chop_ninja



mad for mullets


describe your ideal type of guy or gal -- what attracts you most when you first meet someone?


reply


43
big swingin' buttery ballstags: writer's block



leave a commentshareflag








previous 10






archive
sep2013

smtwtfs


1234567
891011121314
15161718192021
22232425262728
2930     



page summary

(no subject)13(no subject)2(no subject)3(no subject)(no subject)2diediedieidideijfii4i like watching medical documentaries ...7(no subject)2hfndsjgfndsgjbnsgjd2writer's block: mad for mullets




linksfartsbookshitty music i listen to



tags
07 ncaa tourney, 07 sweet sixteen, 30 day meme, algebra, assburgers, assholes, bad jobs, basketball, beauty, beer, benchilada, birds, blarg, blues names, boobies, budgies, butt, cardiac arrest, caribou coffee granola bars, cheese fries, cheese sauce, cheeseburger cheeseburger, chicago, cigarettes, classism, cooking, cornflake, culinary abortions, cultural barriers, danny aykroyd, daylight saving time, deadliest crotch, dee brown is a midget, dee brown is adorable, dick fucking butkus, dick vitale sucks, duke sucks, huhhuhhuh, humping the tv, literary gold, manhood, men, mental illness, salukis, serious business, sexuality, siu, story a day may, work, writer's block, … 


comments

ishitpinecones21 sep 2013, 07:54(no subject)noooo i haven't got there yet but i am stoked i like any episode with q and my little sunshine bunny datai just watched "pen pals" and i cried forever what a sweetieginasketch19 sep 2013, 21:07(no subject)have you seen the episode deja q yet?- it's full of data and q goodness. plus you can see q's butt at the start.ishitpinecones19 sep 2013, 19:43(no subject)started watching for qfell in love with datago figureginasketch19 sep 2013, 17:27(no subject) if you could make posts followers only or something it would be okaythis is the main problem i have with it.ginasketch19 sep 2013, 17:26(no subject)yay! a convertmmmm...q



        powered by livejournal.comdesigned by matt_uza









































