
















obstetrics and gynecology | the university of chicago




























  about us

the department of obstetrics and gynecology offers a personalized approach to world-class obstetrics and gynecologic care. our expert faculty and staff provide a full spectrum of general and specialized obstetric and gynecologic care. from preventive well woman exams and prenatal care to minimally invasive surgery and high-risk pregnancy care, our team offers the latest advancements in reproductive health.


contact us
 




  obstetrics and gynecology is a department within the

biological sciences division








covid-19 and pregnancy: what should our pregnant patients do?
covid-19 and cancer: what should our patients with cancer do?












                  
  sections

                
learn more about our clinical programs and sections


general obstetrics & gynecology
maternal-fetal medicine
gynecologic oncology (female cancer)
gynecology and minimally invasive surgery
urogynecology and reconstructive pelvic surgery
reproductive endocrinology & infertility
family planning & contraceptive research















                  
  research

                
learn more about the details of our research efforts
as part of the biological sciences division with the university of chicago, our faculty members continue the tradition of an interdisciplinary approach, which is central to the department’s mission. nearly one-third of our faculty member’s time is devoted to their research endeavors. 
the research conducted within the department strives to improve the full spectrum of women’s health through clinical trials that test or study drugs, surgical procedures, medical devices and/or interventions to determine their safety and effectiveness. the department is deeply committed to training the next generation of students and fellows interested in careers involving biomedical and clinical 














                  
  education

                
we have innovative educational programs which address the changing requirements of healthcare and the needs of our patients.

  our educational programs


residency program
fellowship opportunities
medical clerkship program
diversity & inclusion
ultrasound & genetics case review
grand rounds















                  
  patient care

                
our patients receive outstanding care from physicians who are rated among the best in the nation and benefit from access to experts across all medical disciplines.
in gynecology, we have special expertise in treating endometriosis, fibroids, pelvic pain, and numerous other gynecologic problems in girls and women. 

  patient care links


comprehensive cancer center
clinical trials
transgender clinic for affirmation and reproductive equity (care)
family birth center
friends & family program
center for the advanced treatment and research of uterine fibroids
center for women's integrated health

learn more about our clinical services








                              
  department news

                            








  stem cell-derived components may treat underlying causes of pcos









  newly approved blood test can help predict severe preeclampsia diagnoses earlier and more accurately









  uchicago medicine expands specialty women’s health clinic with location in chicago’s northern suburbs












  the university of chicago


  obstetrics & gynecology



  5841 south maryland ave


  chicago, il 60637


  773.702.6118

© 2025 
  the university of chicago




the university of chicago


the university of chicago medicine


division of biological sciences






twitter







instagram







youtube







facebook











