










home - bagmart



































































shop
services

contract packaging & shrink wrapping – wepack.com
distribution
packaging & assembly
pop builds
retail package preparation
reworks & returns


custom prints
about
videos
blog
account details
wishlist
contact



contact








(762) 315-0607 

contact us 








 

shop
services

contract packaging & shrink wrapping – wepack.com
distribution
packaging & assembly
pop builds
retail package preparation
reworks & returns


custom
about
videos
blog
contact
 


search for:search button 



















































                      grocery shopping bags                    

                      shop bagmart's durable grocery bags, perfect for produce, farmers, and markets. our high-quality bags are designed to handle all types of produce, from fresh vegetables to heavier items. choose from a large variety of sizes and thicknesses to meet your unique needs. whether you're running a small farm stand or a large grocery store, bagmart's grocery bags offer reliability and convenience. for bulk orders and competitive pricing, shop with bagmart, your trusted source!                    


                        shop grocery bags                      







                      food services                    

                      explore our extensive selection of plastic bags for all your needs. perfect for bakeries, delis, farms, restaurants, and more. choose from a wide variety of food service bags designed to meet industry demands. shop now for high-quality, tailored plastic bag solutions!                    


                        shop food services                      







                      retail                    

                      garment bags, die-cut bags, furniture bags, and more! bagmart offers a variety of high-quality products for the retail environment. our garment bags protect clothing during transport, while die-cut bags provide a durable, professional option for customer purchases. furniture bags offer protection for large items during delivery or storage. shop bagmart today for reliable and affordable retail packaging solutions!                    


                        shop retail                      












            exclusive packaging items          

            select from a variety of bags, pouches, liners, packaging, and more we are currently featuring.          

 





            custom packaging          

            do you wish to have your company logo printed on your bag? ask us about creating a custom bag.          

 


 





 

                welcome to bagmart                 
                    unparalleled packaging solutions from a proud veteran-owned company – elevate your brand with our expertise!                  

plastic bagmart offers custom print design packaging centering on plastic films and polymer based packaging for healthcare, environment services, food service and industrial sector. we are a leading service and support provider for all types of flexible containers and plastic bags including biohazard, specimen, hospital, reclosable, poly (gusseted and flat), merchandise, garbage, can liners, polypropylene, shirt, doorknob, poly tubing, packing list envelopes and much more!


shop now 








                    shop by industry                  

                    tailoring solutions for every business                  



 
                        food services                      


 
                        health & environmental                      


 
                        industrial                      


 
                        retail                      



view all categories 






                  what our clients say about us                
























                            plastic bagmart is a top notch operation. trisha is such a joy to speak with and is always on top of her game. i would 100% recommend plastic bagmart for any of your bag needs!
                          



                              stephen w.                            























                            we have been doing business with plastic bagmart for 10+ years. they have every kind of plastic bag, and if they don't have it, they will find it for you. i love doing business with them. they have supplied our flower shop in 55 gallon trash bags for 10+ years. trisha and her team are the best!!!
                          



                              david h.                            























                            gluuteny bakery has used plastic bagmart for six years.  from the very start, they worked with our small business to find the best packaging solutions at the best prices. trisha has been wonderful and it is a delight to work with her. i highly recommend bagmart without reservation!
                          



                              blanche f.                            























                            atlanta track club trusts bagmart for all of our custom plastic bag needs. they deliver quality products with the best customer service. trisha consistently goes above and beyond to send samples, suggest new products and get art delivered and approved on time. highly recommend trusting any bag needs to bagmart! just talking to trisha on the phone will make your day brighter!
                          



                              jennie c.                            























                            staff is friendly and courteous. office is very clean. always have what i want when i call in or place order online. trash bags are the best price around and very durable.
                          



                              mercy j.                            

















 

join our mailing list!
first name *email address * subscribe 









mailing address

              5341 old highway 5
suite 207-343
woodstock, ga 30188
            










              email
            

info@bagmart.com 










              phone
            

(762) 315-0607 










              hours
            

monday - friday9:00am - 5:00pm











© 2025 bagmart, all rights reserved


privacy policy 

powered by precision creative


























 
























































 



