


home














h e a d l i n e s
march 2024
‘operation al-aqsa flood’ day 169: israel kills 7 aid-seekers in northern gaza, 4 children in rafah as siege of al-shifa hospital enters sixth day
mondoweiss: israel continued its airstrikes on rafah, killing four children, while in northern gaza israel turned back food aid for the second time in a week and killed at least 7 palestinian aid-seekers near the kuwaiti roundabout. read more
russia and china veto ambigious gaza cease-fire resolution by usamp report: russia and china friday vetoed a u.s. resolution in the un security council that called for, but not demanding a ceasefire in gaza war. according to associated press a key issue was the unusual language that said the security council "determines the imperative of an immediate and sustained cease-fire.” the phrasing was not a straightforward "demand” or "call” to halt hostilities. read more
israeli regime praises fraudulent us-backed gaza “ceasefire” resolutionby andre damon: in fact, the us resolution would have given the un’s imprimatur to the us-israeli genocide in gaza, specifying conditions for “ongoing and future operations” by the israeli military. the us resolution linked any “ceasefire” with the achievement of israel’s stated war aims, effectively restating the declaration by us president joe biden during the state of the union address earlier this month that a ceasefire could be achieved by hamas “laying down arms.” read more
one must not miss the real reckoning in gazaby yasin aktay: everyone needs to know that the people of gaza, who knowingly and willingly sacrifice their lives for their freedom, for their honor, lose nothing. the real losers are those who cannot interpret these events correctly, who cannot see the verses contained in these events, the obvious truths. read more
us politicians also see israel as a western colony...by selçuk türkyılmaz: the colonial desires of the us and the uk had begun to be on the agenda in the west after gaza. this shows that events are open to different interpretations. what's interesting is that even pro-israel politicians are accused of trying to turn israel into an "american colony." when republican writer and politician elliott abrams criticized chuck schumer, the majority leader of the us senate, he made this accusation, which is an important clue to the dimensions of polarization. read more
why is muslim world merely watching genocide in gaza?by i̇brahim karataş: the genocide in palestine poses a clear concern for every muslim state, yet regrettably, other muslim nations have not exhibited the anticipated response. in the context of the arab world, some authoritarian regimes see palestine as a burden. they do not want to do more for palestine as they think it negatively affects their relations with the great powers. if israel had occupied all of palestine, very few would be upset. because as long as the conflict continues, they are subjected to pressure from their people. read more
"operation al-aqsa flood" day 168: u.s. advances un security council ceasefire resolution as al-shifa hospital siege enters fifth daymondoweiss: the siege of al-shifa hospital enters its fifth day as the israeli army threatens to blow up the hospital, while the u.s.’s proposed unsc resolution uses nebulous language that does not call for an “immediate” ceasefire. read more
key developments
u.s. introduces unsc resolution calling for ceasefire, israeli defense minister prepares for trip to washington
israeli siege on al-shifa hospital in gaza city continues, raids in the west bank
israeli war crimes in gaza could keep icc ‘busy for the next five decades‘
fifty people killed in al shifa hospital in continuing israeli assaultthe national: total death toll now 140 since attack on largest medical facility in northern gaza began on monday. at least 50 people have been killed in israel's latest raid on  al shifa hospital, the largest medical complex in  gaza’s north, bringing the death toll to 140 since the operation began on monday. israeli soldiers told those displaced inside the hospital to leave the complex at dawn on thursday and threatened to carry out a strike if they did not comply, local reports and witnesses said. read more
‘operation al-aqsa flood’ day 168: u.s. advances un security council ceasefire resolution as al-shifa hospital siege enters fifth day
mondoweiss: the siege of al-shifa hospital enters its fifth day as the israeli army threatens to blow up the hospital, while the u.s.’s proposed unsc resolution uses nebulous language that does not call for an “immediate” ceasefire. read more
‘operation al-aqsa flood’ day 167: 31,988 killed, 74,188 injured in gaza
al mayadeen:  the israeli forces committed seven massacres in 24 hours in gaza amid its ongoing genocide on gaza, and hundreds of victims are still stuck under the rubble, unaccounted for. the ministry of health in gaza announced on thursday that the number of palestinians killed by israeli occupation forces since october 7 has risen to 31,988, with 74,188 others injured.the israeli forces committed seven massacres against families in gaza in the past 24 hours, killing 65 palestinians and injuring 92 others, it added. read more
the fraud of biden’s call for a “ceasefire” in gazaby andre damon: the biden administration, the leading imperialist sponsor of israel’s gaza genocide that has killed 32,000 palestinians, displaced nearly 2 million, and imposed starvation on the entire population, is introducing a un resolution supporting an “immediate ceasefire” in gaza. the biden administration hopes that by proclaiming its support for a “ceasefire” loudly enough, it will make the world’s population forget that it fully supports and enables the us-israeli “final solution” of the palestinian question. read more
yemen's red sea blockade forces mass layoffs at key israeli portthe cradle: israel’s port of eilat in the occupied south is set to  fire half of its employees due to the devastating effects of yemen’s maritime blockade on israeli shipping. the main israeli labor federation, the histadrut labor federation, said on 20 march that port authorities have announced their intention to lay off half of the 120 people employed at the eilat port. read more
us opposes iran-pakistan gas pipeline project, trying to halt its construction: officialpress tv: the us assistant secretary of state for south and central asia says the united states opposes the iran-pakistan (ip) gas pipeline project. speaking to congressmen during a congressional hearing in washington on wednesday, donald lu said the us is exerting maximum efforts to prevent the construction of the ip project. read more 
‘operation al-aqsa flood’ day 157: as ramadan begins, israel obstructs palestinian entry to al-aqsa mosque
mondoweiss: israel prepares for thousands of palestinian arrests and has already begun obstructing access to al aqsa mosque. gazans begin ramadan amid constant israeli attacks and severe food shortages. read more
the war on gaza and the end of western moral and political hegemonydr. mahboob a. khawaja: the american-israeli collaborative war on gaza and its immediate consequences made the western world and all of its institutions shamefully redundant in the 21st century global norms of civility, human rights, freedom, justice and safety of civilians - whereas crimes against humanity are captured in obscure impulses and indecision and deliberate inaction by the uno and the security council. mocking its charter’s obligations, the un security council failed to agree to an immediate ceasefire or to protect the civilians from terror of daily bombardments of hospitals, doctors, ambulances, schools and places of worship. read more
israel’s gaza genocide: 5 months on, 100,000 dead and injured. can we do nothing?by  arjun banerjee: the events in gaza and occupied palestine are shocking and depressing. over 30,000 human lives have been brutally taken away in israel’s ferocious assault on palestinians in gaza, which is now widely being acknowledged as a genocide. over 70,000 people are injured in a besieged enclave where hospitals are bombed, doctors targeted, and essential aid and medicines are denied.  israel has used every possible method to extinguish human lives. it has rained bombs from the sky which have trapped thousands under rubble. it has cut off food and water since the beginning of its assault, which has led to mass starvation and famine that has claimed many lives, including those of infants and children. the unicef says that 17,000 children have been left all alone in gaza. orphaned and with nowhere to go. it is not for nothing that prof. jeffrey sachs, director of the u.n. sustainable development solutions network has said that israel is imperilling its legitimacy through its own actions, calling it a “criminal” state, run by a “gang” and “zealots”. read more
desperate to escape gaza carnage, palestinians are forced to pay exorbitant fees to enter egyptthe intercept: with almost no options for escape, people in gaza are increasingly paying thousands of dollars to fixers connected to the egyptian government. read more
israel forced unrwa employees to falsely admit agency links to hamas and staff participation in october 7 incursionwsws: the un relief and works agency (unrwa) says palestinians released into gaza from israeli prisons were forced to falsely admit links between the agency and hamas and that its staff took part in the october 7 incursion. read more
read more 




 




special reports                 




 











                                        published since  july 2008











  




your donation is tax deductable.


headlines


 the journal of america team:  editor in chief: abdus sattar ghazalisenior editor: prof. arthur scott
special correspondentmaryam turab 








