






default

simon polak: early flutes, these are wooden flutes,  
also called traverso, baroque flutes or baroque flute.  they are copies of eighteenth century flutes.
















 

 
 

 
 

 early flutes!
these flutes are called baroque flute or traverso.  the baroque flute originals are from the time  of composers such as j. s. bach,  telemann and vivaldi. copies now are used again, after a long period of using modern instruments, for playing their music. 
 there is general information on the traverso on this website.  you will find brief history of the flute between mid seventeenth and mid nineteenth century. there is a page on early flute tuning, that i believe, has some information not found elsewhere. a page on baroque flute pitch  discusses the choices made in our time for standard pitches at 415 and 392 hz. making replicas is discussed in a page on my philosophy. several opinions from the past and my own views can be found in the page on  woods for baroque flutes . then there are some practical pages for instance on care and playing in of the traverso and  a page with a traverso fingering table giving the normal fingering used for the copy of the beukers original.  there are a number of pages on the makers of originals. also a page on dutch makers with a calculation showing an estimate of .5% left over traverso. a page on the ehrenfeld collection discusses my start in making traverso and my relationship in the past to that collection. then here are some pages with personal information, such as my family, where i live and my curriculum vitae. there are also pages on subjects as reboring, key pads, resistance, the difference between loud and carrying, and  festivals i will visit and some links. 
 

kate clark

frederic the great 1
frederic the great 2


jed + marion

blavet duet 1
blavet duet 2
blavet duet 3
blavet duet 4
blavet duet 5


musica ad rhenum

blavet concert 



 
 
kate clark with frederick the great on tassi 392 
the  cd with blavet duets and a concert is out for some time. the duets are played by jed wentz and marion moonen on two of my tassi copies at 400hz (to avoid misunderstanding, jed is recording other blavet on other flutes as well but this is only the tassi's). the concert is by musica ad rhenum.  
 





simon polak: early flutes.




æ—¥æœ¬èªž

main page
general  

flutes
renaissanc
prices
clips
bã¶m2baroq
history
philosophy
contact
care
exhibitions
reactions
f1aid

technical
 
hz-cents
tuning
fingering
workshop
carrying
pitch
dynamics
woods
links
reboring
resistance
key pads
sweet spot
temperature
each note
stuck
cork

originals
beukers
haka
kirst
kirst 415
naust f
wijne 1
wijne 2
palanca
tassi
naust b
400 hz
dutch
ehrenfeld
private
family
cv




scjshost+
"statcounter.com/counter/counter.js'>");







