



snow & associates - dennis snow | disney speaker | speaking of service excellence | customer service





















































 



call  (407) 294-1855to book dennis or danny for a live or virtual presentation










toggle navigation










home
keynotes & workshops
products
articles
blog
meet dennis
meet danny
contact








































                                deliver a world-class customer experience - every time
                            
create walk-through-fire customer loyalty through excellent customer service.
*click here to book dennis or danny for a live or virtual presentation.
book now






                                            see dennis in action
                                        









                                            	see danny in action                                             
                                        	

















customer experience keynotes and workshops


                     
                




delivering a world-class customer experience – lessons from the mouse



                                    based on principles dennis lived during his 20-year disney career, this program will show you exactly how to deliver excellent customer service by implementing simple service strategies designed to build outstanding customer loyalty.                                



 learn more







leading a culture of service excellence



                                    what do great leaders of organizations recognized for excellent customer service do?  their leadership strategies ensure that the message and principles of customer service weave through every aspect of the organization’s culture.  this program will provide you with effective leadership behaviors to help bring your service strategy to life.                                



 learn more







performance excellence – the employee factor



                                    employee engagement is a popular buzz phrase.  this customer service program peels back the hype and provides a step-by-step blueprint for improving employees performance by getting them to buy in to your vision and to live that vision every day.                                



 learn more





*these programs can be delivered in person or virtually.

"dennis was literally one of the best speakers we've ever experienced... phenomenal! a++! incredible!"

-julianne potter, american express


what do you get when you hire dennis snow for your event?
watch this short video to learn how we can work together to help you achieve "walk-through-fire" customer loyalty.  you can also head over to the keynotes and workshops page by clicking on the button below.




keynotes and workshops


"let me say that you exceeded all our expectations. your keynote speech truly set us off on the right foot for our male bfo kick-off week. throughout the week people continually referenced you and the learnings your talk brought. you were truly a highlight!"

-gillette








create world class customer experiences with dennis snow any time

                        based on his 20 years with the walt disney world company along with many years of consulting with organizations around the world, dennis snow personally trains you and your organization on how to deliver excellent customer service. using engaging and interactive online virtual training sessions, you and your team will develop the necessary skills for creating walk-through-fire customer loyalty.                    


                     
                










join now


"dennis' customer service content excited our organization and gave us the momentum to truly change the delivery of health care in illinois."-springfield clinic










lessons from the mouse
the first disney how-to book written by someone who literally grew up working for the company reveals disney world's secrets for creating an unparalleled customer experience and for igniting passionate employee commitment to an organizational mission.









learn more


"dennis snow has built a better mousetrap, capturing the best ideas from his years with walt disney world and sharing them with anyone interested in improving his or her organization or career. by mastering his simple lessons from the mouse, any company—and any employee—can become well known for extraordinary customer service." 

-ed yingling, president and ceo, american bankers association





unleashing excellence
if you want to build a customer service culture that gets real business results, you need the reliable, proven guidance in unleashing excellence.  you'll learn how to train and educate your people in the most advanced and effective customer service techniques, how to measure the quality of the service you deliver to your customers, how to build a culture of personal accountability in your organization, and how to recognize and reward excellence in your people.








learn more


"in the restaurant business, achieving and maintaining excellent customer service is of paramount importance. unleashing excellence is a must read that would benefit any industry. it gives step by step guidelines that can be implemented with ease and invaluable insights that will help encourage your customers to keep coming back for more instead of leaving before the first bite."

-fred deluca, president and co-founder subway restaurants















                            articles
                        

                            find tips and tools that focus on building a culture of service within your organization.                        


 learn more
                            











                            products
                        

                            dennis snow service excellence products.                        


 learn more
                            










                            clients
                        

                           snow & associates is privileged to work with a distinguished group of national and international clients. the partial list represents clients across a cross section of industries.                        











                            blog
                        

                            check out our blog and sign up to receive updates.                        


 learn more
                            



















 















                            ©2006 - 2025  snow & associates, inc. | privacy & return policy


                            website and maintenance by appeal design














 

