




commerce cloud | oracle






















































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu



















applications
customer experience












oracle commerce
oracle commerce is a comprehensive platform that empowers both b2c and b2b businesses by seamlessly connecting customer, sales, and back-office data with financial and operational data. through a unified digital buying channel, businesses can offer personalized, flexible, and collaborative buying experiences that make it easier to do business with the brand.

take a product tour
 request a demo 
























accelerate sustained, profitable revenue growth
discover how to sell more by launching and growing recurring revenue models with an account-centric growth strategy.


read the solution brochure (pdf)













explore oracle commerce


 

b2b commerce
b2c commerce
digital buying channels
  








transforming the way businesses buy and sell
streamline b2b transactions and enhance buyer satisfaction with integrated digital buying channels. optimize your sales processes and elevate customer experiences across every touchpoint, all within a unified platform.





unified digital buying channels
accelerate your b2b growth by leveraging oracle’s unified digital buying channel. streamline the buying process by providing your customers with self-service access to quotes, orders, and account details from a single platform. simplify deal management and enhance buyer satisfaction with a seamless, end-to-end buying experience.
enhanced buyer engagement
utilize oracle commerce’s new digital buying features to improve how you connect with b2b buyers. engage with buyers through shared account-based self-service, assisted buying experiences, and full-service sales interactions—all designed to meet diverse needs and improve efficiency across the sales cycle.






flexible buying options
offer a range of buying options tailored to your b2b customers with oracle’s latest commerce cloud enhancements. featuring self-service portals and personalized sales support, our platform adapts to various buyer preferences for a smoother, more responsive purchasing experience that drives growth and customer loyalty.
ai-driven sales efficiency
boost your sales efficiency with the generative ai capabilities embedded in the oracle commerce suite. automate routine tasks, draft key communications, and generate insights to optimize your sales strategies while maintaining a cohesive digital buying experience that aligns with your growth objectives.

 take a b2b commerce tour

 











flexible deployment options
oracle commerce offers a cloud native solution, engineered as an api-first service with full rest support. whether you want to leverage the provided storefront, go fully headless, or take a hybrid approach, you can choose the deployment option that’s right for your business.





open storefront framework
open storefront framework allows you to go even further with a modern approach that delivers efficient design, better reuse of components, and enhanced extensibility—without sacrificing expert business control. you can continue to optimize the digital experience that keeps your customers engaged and grows your business.
business user tooling
onontechnical business users can easily manage many daily tasks. drag-and-drop tools and other intuitive ui features make traditionally complex it tasks accessible to any business user. meanwhile, developers can continue to create experiences on a platform built with react, enabling them to work with the systems they know best.






intuitive user interfaces
leverage unified admin tools, simplifying management and consolidating activities into a single interface. oracle commerce features different “studios” for developers and business users, with a drag-and-drop ui that makes it easier to complete everyday tasks.
simplified integrations
the api and webhooks framework allow for faster, cheaper, less-complex integrations to oracle, third-party, and homegrown solutions. oracle commerce features an adapter for oracle integration cloud (oic) for drag-and-drop integrations and data mapping between oracle and third-party applications.

 see a b2c commerce tour (2:16)












full-stack enterprise connectedness
oracle commerce, built entirely on oracle cloud infrastructure (oci), is integrated seamlessly with the revenue transformation suite for b2b. this unified approach combines advanced security, governance, and oracle cloud applications, offering a comprehensive ecommerce solution to support efficient revenue management and business growth.





configure, price, quote (cpq) integration
maximize efficiency and accuracy in your sales processes via oracle commerce’s seamless integration with oracle configure, price, quote (cpq). this connection helps ensure that your cpq capabilities are fully aligned with your ecommerce platform, enabling streamlined order-to-cash cycles, precise quoting, and enhanced customer satisfaction—backed by the full-stack capabilities of the revenue transformation suite.
subscription management synergy
elevate your subscription-based revenue models with oracle commerce and oracle subscription management. this synergy automates invoicing and billing, enhances revenue recognition, and accelerates customer payments. connecting these capabilities with your ecommerce platform can help establish a unified, seamless experience for managing subscriptions and scaling your business efficiently.






shared account-based self-service
enhance how organizations engage with b2b buyer groups through oracle commerce’s shared account-based self-service. this feature offers shared access to quotes, orders, account and contact profiles, subscriptions, and renewals, facilitating more effective interactions and streamlined management of buyer relationships across your ecommerce platform.
generative ai for sellers
boost your sales efficiency with oracle commerce’s integration of generative ai for sellers. by drafting emails, activity summaries, and executive briefings, this capability can help your sales team quickly capitalize on opportunities and engage more effectively with buyers. as a result, you can drive further account expansion and close deals faster while leveraging the comprehensive features of the revenue transformation suite.
















why choose oracle commerce?



01empower your customers
customers want experiences that cater to their need for self-service. with oracle commerce, you can empower them to browse, build, and buy what they need quickly and efficiently. give them the ownership they crave with self-service capabilities built directly in oracle commerce.
explore oracle commerce


02make data your differentiator
commerce is vital to your customer experience, but it can’t operate in a silo. invest in front- to back-office integration with oracle commerce, configure, price, quote, and erp to elevate the buyer-seller relationship and deliver the right products to the right people.
why integrating commerce, erp and cpq unlocks opportunities (pdf)


03a solution that grows as you do
ensure your commerce site can adapt to your customers and business’ needs. with an open and scalable platform that allows for multiple deployment options, your ability to innovate is only limited by your imagination.


04the cloud’s the limit
enjoy a commerce solution hosted exclusively on oracle cloud. with automatic updates, access to countless extensions, and security and governance controls, your commerce solution comes with a peace of mind guarantee.
a second-generation cloud (pdf)



















customer reference
delly's uncovers new market opportunity with oracle commerce
leading brazilian food distributor fends off pandemic impact by digitizing a historically offline business with oracle commerce.

read the story















oracle commerce customer successes

view more customer successes


learn why b2b and b2c companies use the ecommerce solution from oracle to sell more (efficiently) and grow revenue.


















































resources


 

cloud readiness
documentation
cloud learning
customer community
support and services
best practices














best practices and resources
find best practices and useful resources that can help you make the most of your cx products. whether you’re a new customer or are looking for ways to optimize or expand your implementation, you can find what you need.
explore feature kits





overviews and demos

 video: oracle sales and commerce (1:53) 
 demo: explore oracle sales solutions (1:41) 
 oracle commerce product tours 
video: ecommerce strategies in retail (3:10)
video: insights to implement new digital strategies in retail (4:18)












  


documentation
oracle offers a wide range of documentation, videos, and tutorials that will help you learn more about oracle commerce. you'll find all of these resources and more in the oracle help center.
 documentation library 





additional documentation and tutorials

 oracle commerce training series 












  


develop your cx skills
oracle university provides a variety of learning solutions to help you build cloud skills, validate expertise, and accelerate adoption. learn more about the training and certification you can rely on to ensure your organization's success.
 browse cx training 





more learning resources

 free training—oracle commerce 
 oracle guided learning 
 oracle commerce learning subscriptions 
 oracle commerce certification path 












  


cloud customer connect
cloud customer connect is oracle's premier online cloud community. specifically designed for peer collaboration, best practice sharing, and to provide needed tools for members so they can keep pace with product strategy. in addition, members are able to provide feedback on sales cloud, marketing cloud, and service cloud solutions—directly to oracle development.
 join or login 





additional information:

 request an executive briefing 
 oracle cx linkedin community 












  


oracle cloud marketplace
power transformation with innovative partner applications and services. find the most comprehensive list of sales cloud, service cloud, and marketing cloud applications in the oracle cloud marketplace.
browse the marketplace 





consulting and partner services

oracle consulting
find a partner
partner with oracle cx















ecommerce best practices
building a successful ecommerce business that grows your sales footprint and keeps your customers coming back is challenging. knowing the best practices will help you build better buying experiences.
learn more about ecommerce





additional best practices

what is cx?
what is crm?
what is crm roi?
what is subscription management?
what is content management and content marketing?
what is headless commerce?

















get started



request a demo


take a tour


contact sales















resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























