





harp financial
















































 





contact
start here 

needs list
property type
loan programs
loan fees


testimonials
amortization chart
rate lock options
 






















buy your dream home.
we help you buy, or refinance homes located in california.
call today to get started: (818) 878-9538 and leave a voice mail
 





experienced
we have originated and closed several thousand top quality home loans. 35 years in the california real estate industry.





honest
you can be confident the loan you are requesting is the loan you get, because we are honest and upfront.


 



secure
california department of real estate licensed broker.





recommended
many of our clients refer their family, friends and co-workers. wholesale mortgage industry insiders also have applied with harp financial for their personal home loans, because they know and trust our professional processing







add comment cancel replyyou must be logged in to post a comment. 














“i’ll most definitely recommend you” thank you for being on top of everything. i’ve learned a lot
and appreciate your speedy responses throughout this process.

i’ll most
definitely recommend you to anyone i know who’s thinking of buying or
refinancing a home.

- anne
“we will be shouting your name from the rooftops” you were such a help to us, gave us such wise and thoughtful advice through both the failed refi and the success, and made us feel really comfortable and like we were in safe hands throughout.

we appreciate it so much and are of course so thrilled with the result! we will be shouting your name from the rooftops to everyone we know when they want to do a refi.
thanks again.
- r
“a very big thank you” we got the green light!!!

thanks for all your hard work and being such a great broker/psychologist/educator while buying a home.

a very big thank you

talk soon 
- tb









						© 2016 harp financial mortgage company. all rights reserved.call today at  (818) 878-9538 for california home loans.					






















