






 



home - hellenic community of ottawa






























































































skip to content



facebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window


hellenic community of ottawa


aboutabout us news and updates history of the hco history of greeks in canada our volunteers contact  our churchchurch calendar our church history of our church our spiritual leader church book store sunday school church photos  online contributionsdonation + stewardship membership help with canada helps  youthsunday school hellenic school of ottawa hco dance school odyssey dance troupe h.o.p.e. j.o.y. g.o.y.a.  associationsa.h.e.p.a. arcadian association of ottawa cretan association of ottawa daughters of penelope hco theatrical group ottawa hellenic athletic association laconian association of ottawa ladies of philoptochos macedonian association of ottawa maids of athena panevoikon association of ottawa parents and guardians association of the hellenic school of ottawa parnassos hellenic cultural society of ottawa samian, aegean, & ionian islands society senior citizens’ association sons of perciles  events & culturecalendar events greek independence day 200th anniversary of greek independence ottawa greek festival gold plate dinner apokries texas hold’em fundaiser night  gallery 



 
aboutabout us news and updates history of the hco history of greeks in canada our volunteers contact  our churchchurch calendar our church history of our church our spiritual leader church book store sunday school church photos  online contributionsdonation + stewardship membership help with canada helps  youthsunday school hellenic school of ottawa hco dance school odyssey dance troupe h.o.p.e. j.o.y. g.o.y.a.  associationsa.h.e.p.a. arcadian association of ottawa cretan association of ottawa daughters of penelope hco theatrical group ottawa hellenic athletic association laconian association of ottawa ladies of philoptochos macedonian association of ottawa maids of athena panevoikon association of ottawa parents and guardians association of the hellenic school of ottawa parnassos hellenic cultural society of ottawa samian, aegean, & ionian islands society senior citizens’ association sons of perciles  events & culturecalendar events greek independence day 200th anniversary of greek independence ottawa greek festival gold plate dinner apokries texas hold’em fundaiser night  gallery 










 



ensuring greek culture 
and the orthodox faith continue 
to thrive in ottawa. 
							a dedicated 
community 
							read more 
							 



practicing the greek orthodox faith 
							our church 
							read more 
							 



imparting greek culture and the
orthodox faith to future generations
our youth 
							read more 
							 












the hellenic community of ottawa (hco) is a non-profit organization founded in 1929 focused on preserving and promoting the hellenic culture, language, history and the greek orthodox faith in ottawa.








whether you’re planning a wedding, conference, or small event, the hellenic event centre is an elegant space conveniently located minutes from downtown ottawa.










for over 40 years, ottawa greekfest has been one of the best festivals in ottawa. with delicious food, live music, and the famous zorba show, it has earned the reputation of one of the top cultural festivals in ottawa and north america.










the gold plate dinner is one of ottawa’s most prestigious and successful fundraising events, having raised well over $2 million for various local charities.













 
the hellenic community of ottawa (hco) is a non-profit organization founded in 1929 focused on preserving and promoting the hellenic culture, language, history and orthodox faith in ottawa.

hco office613-225-8016 ext.221
office@helleniccommunity.com

613-225-8016 ext.226
adminassistant@helleniccommunity.com

fax: 613-225-8545church office613-225-8016 ext.222
church@helleniccommunity.comaddresshellenic community of ottawa
1315 prince of wales drive
ottawa, ontario 
k2c 1n2find us on:facebook page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window 














go to top


































































