 





new hope arts inc – how does a religion abide society?

























skip to content









home
know us
contact
benefits
religion
society
 














new hope arts inc
how does a religion abide society?













what are the benefits of vaporizing over cigarettes?

posted on february 16, 2017february 16, 2017 by newhope 


what is the electronic cigarette? introduction “e-cigarette” was initially provided as an alternative to regular cigarettes, it was introduced in the market since 2007, there was much talk about it as a safe alternative to regular cigarettes because e-cigarette contains a small percentage of nicotine that exists in cigarette as well as being free of nearly 4,000 toxic and carcinogen substances which can be found in regular cigarette.
there were multiple views on the “e-cigarettes” and their effectiveness when they were used as a tool to quit smoking; these views were divided between supporters and opponents.
but what are the benefits of using e-cigarette over cigarettes? are they really a safe alternative?
that’s what will be discussed through the following lines
the construction of electronic cigarette is completely different from a regular cigarette as they contain small bulb that lights up when the e-cigarette is turned on, it also contains a lithium rechargeable battery that is enough to smoke for 300 times, and a heating element which vaporizing the liquid nicotine; this liquid consists of one percent nicotine and different types of flavor such as mint, tobacco and some fruits and chocolate flavors, in addition to a terminal filter that is usually made of silicon in order to give the smoker an experience that is similar to smoking regular cigarettes.
from the information listed above, you should be aware that electronic cigarette is not one hundred percent safe, but it may be a great suitable for people smoking cigarettes as they reduce the proportion of toxic substances entering the body.
the benefits of using electronic cigarette over cigarette the construction of the regular cigarette contains many chemical compounds, including nicotine which can range from 0 to 18 mg. the e-cigarettes gives the ability to control the amount of consumed nicotine so smokers can take advantage of them to quit smoking, and some people prefer this type of smoking cigarettes to prevent fires from occurring when normal cigarette is thrown away, other benefits including the reduction of garbage amount generated by the use of regular cigarettes, as e-cigarette can be used many times.
below you can find a list of e-cigarettes benefits:
the advantages of electronic cigarettes

they do not produce carbon dioxide.
do not leave scattered smell on the clothes.
it can be used anywhere, even in enclosed places.
electronic cigarette’s liquid or solution consists of stating materials that is allowed to use in therapeutic and food products.
they are sold in many flavors including fruit flavors such as lemon, berries, peaches, figs, tobacco, chocolate and vanilla flavor.
do not cause coughing or shortness of breath.

in a new study … electronic cigarettes are less harmful than cigarettes by 95 per cent according to the results of a new study that analysis the levels of dangerous and cancer-causing substances in the body, the use of electronic cigarettes is much safer and less toxic than smoking regular tobacco cigarettes.
the researchers found that levels of toxins in the saliva or urine of smokers who switched from smoking regular cigarettes to electronic cigarettes for at least six months of treatment was significantly lower than the levels of regular smoking of those who continued to smoke cigarettes.


posted in benefits, society 



benefits of an advanced and developed society

posted on july 28, 2016august 5, 2016 by newhope 



different economies are struggling hard to develop their societies and make their country advanced to a whole new level. an advanced society and an open religion public become the backbone of the growth and development of the society. the development of the country’s economy and the growth it depends totally on how advanced and developed the society of the country is, moreover the development of every single individual has a great effect on the development of the society.
there are many benefits when the people realize their duties and collectively join their hands for the betterment of the nation, even by keeping away the religion factor and when this happens the development of the nation becomes unstoppable.
benefits of an advanced and developed society

the employment and the job circumstances are neutral:

in the countries where there is instability in the society and people are differentiated on the basis of their religion, then the society starts to de-growth and gradually it greatly affects the employment structure of the society. people there have to struggle more to get good job or to stay employed permanently in the society. where as in the developed societies everyone is considered equal and people are employed on the basis of their capabilities and abilities.

the standard of living also improves: 
 in the society where people are keeping the religion before humanity, there the chances of having a standard of living are next to nil. the condition in such type of a society can become extreme and even dangerous for living, where as in an advanced society you can have a better high standard of living and people also are supportive and helpful which is best for the growth of the society.


media also grows well: 
 in societies where there is peace and harmony the media also easily grows and gives a full coverage of the events and things happening around you, but if the society  is disturbed by some of the anti-social people then the media also gets greatly affected and there the media also gets harmed or even threatened.


healthy competition:
 as people in a developed society are more careful and believe in humanity then the competition also becomes healthy, people compete but in the right way, if it is the business then they will only concentrate on the professional competition and will maintain a healthy and strong relation out of their business terms, where as people in a damaged society compete each other in such a way that if they get a chance to back stab their competition they are ready for it, leaving no question for any relation outside the business terms.


economic growth increases:
 advanced society helps a economy to growth to a great extend and because of this the overall growth of the country also increases to a whole new level, also the country’s economy does not have to face any of the critical situations under any difficult circumstances and changing market conditions.




posted in benefits, religion, society 






search for:



categories 
benefits

religion

society



february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




« feb
 
 




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 


other linksterms and conditions
privacy policy
 






