





select authentication system




























                            please select an authentication system to verify your identity.
                        









a. services username and password



b. on-site fermi windows system



c. kerberos (fermi or fnal)



d. fermilab cilogon certificate












 
                            remember selection
                        



 










help me choose!




notice to users
this is a federal computer (and/or it is directly connected to a fermilab local network system) that is the property of the united states government. it is for authorized use only. users (authorized or unauthorized) have no explicit or implicit expectation of privacy.
any or all uses of this system and all files on this system may be intercepted, monitored, recorded, copied, audited, inspected, and disclosed to authorized site, department of energy, and law enforcement personnel, as well as authorized officials of other agencies, both domestic and foreign. by using this system, the user consents to such interception, monitoring, recording, copying, auditing, inspection, and disclosure at the discretion of authorized site or department of energy personnel.
unauthorized or improper use of this system may result in administrative disciplinary action and civil and criminal penalties.by continuing to use this system you indicate your awareness of and consent to these terms and conditions of use. log off immediately if you do not agree to the conditions stated in this warning.
fermilab policy and rules for computing, including appropriate use, may be found at http://www.fnal.gov/cd/main/cpolicy.html.



you can choose any of the following options to access an sso-enabled application
services username and password - default
on-site fermi windows system - recommended for users who
                
are on-site (or logged in to vpn) and
use a windows computer in the fermi domain (this includes the vast majority of fermilab-owned windows computers) and
use an internet explorer, edge or chrome browser


kerberos (fermi or fnal) - recommended for users who
                
are on-site (or logged in to vpn) and
use a mac or linux/unix computer and
use a browser configured for kerberos authentication and
have a valid kerberos ticket from either the fnal.gov or the fermi.win.fnal.gov realm


fermilab cilogon certificate - recommended for users who
                
use a password or otherwise protected device or computer, which is not shared with others and
use any browser on any operating system, including mobile and
have a cilogon basic ca certificate imported in your browser that was obtained using fermilab credentials



                fermilab disclaimer





 
 



