








	south atlantic division, u.s. army corps of engineers






















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
south atlantic division  website










®








           media
        



           news releases
        
 

           news stories
        
 

           images
        
 



           library
        



           publications
        
 



           contact
        



           division contacts
        
 

           usace office locator
        
 



           about
        



           leadership
        
 

           history
        
 



           business with us
        



           contracting
        
 

           small business
        
 

           careers
        
 



           missions
        



           assistance programs
        



           continuing authorities program
        
 

           floodplain management services
        
 

           planning assistance to states
        
 



           civil works
        



           sarbo
        
 

           civil works review plans
        
 

           hydropower
        
 

           navigation
        
 

           recreation
        
 

           regional sediment management - regional center of expertise
        
 

           shoreline management
        
 

           water management
        
 



           readiness and contingency operations
        
 

           environmental
        
 

           military programs
        
 

           regulatory
        



           regulatory appeals
        



           table of appeals
        
 





           sustainability
        



           south atlantic coastal study (sacs)
        
 



           2022 bipartisan infrastructure law
        
 



           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 































wilmington district's hurricane helene response 















podcast corner









national inventory of dams



 
visit the national inventory of dams website





south atlantic division districts










caribbean district













charleston district













jacksonville district













mobile district













savannah district













wilmington district











follow us on facebook




 





contact us



u.s. army corps of engineers
south atlantic division
60 forsyth st. sw
atlanta, ga 30303-8801
(404) 562-5011








around the division

















usace recognizes small business and contracting excellence
several people received awards at a ceremony on nov. 20 at the ernest n. morial convention center in new orleans, louisiana.

that included:
philip wolf, charleston district, program manager of the year charleston district, small business category award
col. richard gridley, charleston district, outstanding support of the service-disabled veteran-owned small business program

read story











hurrican milton response
stay up to date on the latest hurricane milton developments.

latest updates











caribbean district established 
task force virgin islands puerto rico will become the caribbean district under usace south atlantic division. this transition will consolidate and enhance the services the federal agency offers in the region.

article here











usace assists atlanta during water crisis
atlanta mayor andre dickens welcomed physical scientist brian choate from savannah district and environmental engineer alou rice from mobile district at city hall where a press conference was held after 2 major water line breaks left portions of the city without water.

story here











south atlantic division signs saapm proclamation
south atlantic division commander, brig. gen. daniel h. hibner and cmd. sgt. maj. rodney c. russell signed a sexual assault awareness and prevention month proclamation that declares the division's dedication to fostering a culture of respect, safety, and accountability. by standing united, we send a clear message: sexual assault has no place in our world. let us continue to work together, embodying the values of courage, integrity, and commitment as we strive for a safer, more inclusive future. 

learn more about saapm











charleston district awarded army safety and occupational health star
the u.s. army corps of engineers, charleston district was awarded the prestigious army safety and occupational health star at a ceremony in charleston today for their commitment to ensuring a safe work environment. safety is at the forefront of everything the district does and protecting their most valuable asset, their people, is a top priority.

story here











scan and send your resume to this qr code for careers in florida and puerto rico
direct hire authority has been approved for positions in florida and puerto rico. positions include: power plant technicians, mechanics, deckhands, heavy equipment operators, scientists, engineers, park rangers, acountants, contract specialists and  office administrative professionals. 













we are hiring!
the south atlantic division and all 5 of our districts are hiring across a spectrum of disciplines. please visit our career page on this website to view the positions currently available and get your career kick started today!

careers link
















news releases






buxton fuds public meeting nov. 4 at fessenden center - on-site excavations continue

                11/1/2024 
            

                savannah, ga. – as a reminder, the u.s. army corps of engineers, savannah district, will host a public meeting at the fessenden center nov. 4, 2024, from 7 to 9 p.m., to provide information about...
            





chief of engineers visits hurricane milton-battered florida

                10/30/2024 
            

                sarasota, fla.  (oct. 29, 2024) – the u.s. army corps of engineers 56th chief of engineers, lt. gen. william h. graham, visited the sarasota, florida, area to meet with leaders and volunteers involved...
            


west point project to conduct boundary inspection and maintenance

                10/31/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, west point project, will begin inspecting and maintaining the government property line around the reservoir on nov. 4...
            


buford dam archery hunt

                10/30/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, lake sidney lanier project, will conduct a quota deer hunt on lands around buford dam from nov. 11 to 14. for public safety, the following areas will be closed...
            





blue roof application mobile collection dates and times set in charlotte, lake, pinellas and volusia counties 

                10/29/2024 
            

                sarasota, fla. -- u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) operation blue roof teams will be stationed at the following locations:...
            





operation blue roof sign-up for hurricane milton extended thru nov. 14

                10/28/2024 
            

                sarasota, fla. – at the request of the state of florida and fema, the u.s. army corps of engineers will continue to collect right of entry (roe) forms for operation blue roof through thursday, nov...
            





blue roof application mobile collection dates set in pinellas, hillsborough, and manatee counties

                10/27/2024 updated


                sarasota, fla. -- u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) operation blue roof teams will be stationed at locations in pinellas county,  hillsborough county and manatee county...
            







view more













news from twitter












asking a loved one to wear a life jacket is a great way to show them that you care about them. this valentine’s day, remind them that you would like for them to always wear a life jacket whenever they are in, on, or near open water! #valentinesday #pleasewearit https://t.co/bvlkdom5b6










asking a loved one to wear a life jacket is a great way to show them that you care about them. this valentine’s day, remind them that you would like for them to always wear a life jacket whenever they are in, on, or near open water! #valentinesday #pleasewearit https://t.co/bvlkdom5b6










rt @usacehq: georgia debris removal progress- #usace savannah district continues working in partnership with local, state and federal agenc…










we are hiring an interdisciplinary in the savannah district! the application opened february 12th and closes on feb. 26th, 2025. please scan the qr code for more details, or visit https://t.co/kvftxhudm3 https://t.co/mnkcampydl










since the beginning of the debris removal project in north carolina, cewd has removed over 1.25 million cubic yards of waterway and right of way debris! that is about 33 million large boxes of chocolate💕#valentinesday #usace #helene24 #disasterresponse

https://t.co/rbnwhlu2ma









984





















major projects










video corner










 

 











essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the south atlantic division  website
the official public website of the south atlantic division, u.s. army corps of engineers and an official u.s. army website. email cesad-pao@usace.army.mil for public and media inquiries. email jeremy.c.eller@usace.army.mil for website corrections.

disclaimer: the appearance of hyperlinks do not constitute endorsements by the u.s. army corps of engineers. the u.s. army corps of engineers and (organization) does not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at linked 













site mapusa.govcontact usno fear actopen governmentsmall businessaccessibilityeeo & sharpquality factsplain languagelink disclaimerprivacy & security


rssigfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil













