





mansions by melanie house portraiture and 3d models























            custom house portraiture and three-dimensional models





 






with 
                  over 20 years of experience in the painting of custom house 
                  portraits and the building of three-dimensional models for realtors, 
                  individuals, and churches, mansions by melanie delivers high 
                  quality artwork with classic attention to detail and personalized 
                  customer service. 



custom 
                  house portraiture
personalized, 
                  hand-painted, portraits of your dream home, a relative's home, 
                  summer cottage, latest closing, historical structure, bed and 
                  breakfast, church building, first business location, or any 
                  other structure that is meaningful to you from photos or email 
                  scans (any common graphics format). please see the order page 
                  for more detailed instructions.
see 
                  the gallery

realtors, 
                  you can deliver the perfect closing gift to your clients! 
mansions 
                  by melanie's experience with realtors around the country especially 
                  equips us to meet your needs. please see our special page on 
                  this site for realtors. contact us about rush orders, unexpected 
                  closings, and any other marketing needs you might have.

builders...we 
                  work with builders to provide renderings 
                  from plans and can create a marketing brochure for 
                  houses you have under construction. simply contact us to discuss 
                  the use of this marketing tool and costs.





three-dimensional 
                  models
mansions 
                  by melanie also produces beautiful handmade three-dimensional 
                  models. models are constructed from photographs/house plans 
                  and are made of heavy-textured paper and painted with an acrylic 
                  wash. model prices are quoted individually.

see 
                  the gallery
 
call us today...817.236.4091



home | 
            gallery | for 
            realtors | pricing and ordering 
            info | about us | email melanie
  
                  
click here to print 
            this page 


copyright mansions by melanie 2014 
  
    
  site design and creation by web 
  consulting services by scott stein 




