


mid-hudson galleries






















celebrating 48 years in the hudson valley





















home


home


contact us


join our mailing list


consignments welcome


terms and conditions



















179 temple hill road new windsor, ny 12553






lot 128a





nolan ryan the four horsemen



monroe, ny fine estate. no
                           min. - tainosaturday,
                           may 18th 2pmexhibition: fri. may 16th 12 noon-3pm & day of sale 12 noon179 temple hill rd. new windsor, ny 12553auction is live and online.paintings and artworks. birger sandzen; wolf kahn; henry gasser; andrew wyeth drawing; henry farrer; patty nelson
                           sullivan; f. boscher; john hansegger (4); moses; anton sipos; p. armin; a. grun; w. wadwsorth; henry h. parker; fabian; louisaint;
                           casimir; baum (haitian); drawings, heliogravures, lithographs, etchings: r. c. gorman; dali; utrillo; picasso; chagall; haring;
                           miro; matisse; botero; lichtenstein; chandler pastels (5) .sain bronzes & sculpture: emile louis picault ; moreau 19 th
                           c. bust of a young woman; modernist hoop dancer after chiparus; brose; dionner; indian bronze, shiva nataraja; 19 th c. grouping,
                           young children; 20 th c. brutalist wire sculpture. cubist mixed metal sculpture, “the cellist?? marble sculpture &
                           others. mason & hamlin grand piano. mahogany. 18k, 14k and sterling jewelry, watches. 18 k & 14k sets, cocktail rings,
                           brooches, earrings and necklaces with diamonds, sapphires ,aquamarines, opals, rubies, topaz, pearls. 18k patek phillippe
                           bracelet watch; waltham 14k watch; wizard of oz watch; an abundance of vintage sterling jewelry much of it unusual. no minimums
                           or reserves on gold or sterling jewelry. an excellent opportunity. judaica : all sterling -centerpiece; candlestick; kiddush
                           cup; several varying sized document holders; match box etc. more: charles catteau for boch freres lamp; 40’s pr. chandeliers;
                           leaded lamps, mcm; waterford inishmore alana lamp; leaded glass window, irises. rare 1907 buffalo bill lithograph; swarovski
                           magic of the dance figures (3); murano glass; french porcelains; quantities of good oriental inc. carved alter table; screen;
                           marble topped teakwood table; fine porcelains and ceramics; in the manner of oscar bach iron garden stand; i20 th c. garden
                           sculpture; kieter king wood sculpture; 18 th c. boston gazette reporting of 1770 boston massacre. superb and extensive collection
                           of vintage spirits and champagnes.    absentee, telephone and in room bidding 22%  online bidders 25%please call the gallery if any further information or additional pictures are needed.www.liveauctioneers.com  www.midhudsongalleries.com mag2715jag@aol.com    914 882 7356auctioneers: john paul, joanne grant click here to bid!!www.liveauctioneers.commag2715jag@aol.com *  914 882 7356  * auctioneers: john paul and joanne grant.po box 305, cornwall-on-hudson,
                           ny 12520we are located in the hudson river valley
                           of new york just south of i-84 at newburgh. we are accessible from the nys thruway exit 17, if traveling s. or exit 16 if
                           traveling n. handicapped accessible. easy and convenient parking. food and drink in the complex. cozy temple hill tavern for
                           lunch and dinner.www.midhudsongalleries.com914-882-7356
                           | e-mail: mag2715jag@aol.com



continuing the hollywood photographic collection of gustavo parras  and now, the 50 year plus collection
                           of dave palladino, east greenbush,  nywww.liveauctioneers.com (hyperlinks underlined in sale description will bring you to described lot) fine art to include john singer sargent, victor higgins; paul cornoyer; alfred mira; a. asti; t. simpson; leon augustin l’hermitte; alonzo perez; c.s. king; fairchild;  godefroy hagemann; e. m. blauvelt; arthur szyk; louis icart etching and  aquatint, the silk robe. artist proofs and
                           lithographs to include william kent (artist proof); steven klein and many others, in too late to advertise. bronzes; lamps; sculpture to include russian icons; porcelain plaques; f. moreau art nouveau lamp; aug. moreau bronze lamp, lily shade; a. carrier belleuse bronze (orig. with foundry mark); marblestatuary, motherandchild; artnouveauparian figure with the devil;tiffany & co. bronze desk clock;tiffany & co. 1776 seagrams unopened crystal decanter; carriage clock and other superb smalls inc. gorham sterling silver 19th c. communion service; orientalia; group of 19th c. french and other portrait miniatures; collection of art glass & other paperweights. sports inc. autographed photos, programs;  yearbooks; trading cards; albums of cards etc. the movies. extensive  collection of early photographs
                           and negatives to include early glamour,  harlow, lombard, monroe and so many others; an extensive collection of autographs to include wallis simpson and the duke of windsor; mary astor; martin and lewis, jimmy stewart tls; jane russell; david niven; robert mitchum; jack lemmon ans; charlton heston; betty grable; june allyson; mae west; arthur miller; walter pidgeon; debbie reynolds; shirleytemple and dozens and dozens of others; signed contracts with actors equity; so much interesting hollywood stuff of the golden age. also, star trek ; horror; tarzan; rascals; three stooges; laurel and hardy; leading men and women all represented.thousands of items, some in large lots being offered. 2001 mustang convertible. leather interior. 2nd owner. always stored. excellent condition.more in december from both collections. online bidding at www.liveauctioneers.com  prospective
                           bidders must register in advance in order to participate.bidders may also bid by telephone or by absentee bidding.online bidders are subject to a 25% buyer’s premium, others 22%inquiries may be directed to joanne grant at
                           mag2715jag@aol.comor by phone
                           914-882-7356  terms: cash, visa, m/c, discover, paypal, or checks, if known to us, and with the understanding that merchandise
                           may be held until check clears  auctioneer: joanne c. grant    www.midhudsongalleries.com
 





































































































