








home page - ahrens + flaherty





























































skip to content


















  


search for:








hometheaterfilm + televisionconcertabout ahrens + flahertyhome pagetheaterfilm + televisionconcertabout ahrens + flaherty















 






ahrens + flaherty 
								

words +music 
								
 



ahrens + flaherty 
								


words +music 
								 

follow on facebook





 




home pageandylindberg2022-11-04t22:52:28+00:00 
lynn ahrens + stephen flahertythis renowned writing team has received theater, film and music’s highest honors—the tony award, drama desk, outer critics circle and olivier awards, as well as nominations for two academy awards, two golden globes and four grammys. they serve on the council of the dramatists guild of america and founded the dgf fellows program for emerging writers. in 2014 they received the oscar hammerstein award for lifetime achievement and in 2015 they were inducted into the theater hall of fame.
meet ahrens + flahertylatest news






a man of no importance







a man of no importance








little dancer







little dancer








knoxville







knoxville

12nextwelcome to our website!our collaboration began in the bmi musical theater workshop in new york city, where we met by chance and wrote our first song together. one song led to another, songs grew into musicals, and musicals grew into a body of work– an ongoing dialogue of words and music between two people who love what they do, and love doing it together.
we’re lucky and grateful for our long-standing collaboration and for the experiences, friends and community we’ve found along the way.
there’s lots to explore here. have fun and thanks for stopping by!
lynn + stephen
photos of a+f by nathan johnson
explore our work“one of the greatest songwriting teams
in broadway history.”-chicago tribunedownload our
press kitfollow
ahrens + flaherty
on facebookjoin the conversation and learn about new works and revivals.

about
lynn + stephen
latest news
explore
our work
performpurchaseplay



 
 
 home theater film + television concert about ahrens + flahertyuseful links
latest news

about ahrens + flaherty

press kit

follow a+f on facebook

website design by andy lindberg

2021 ahrens + flaherty. all rights reserved
contact infojohn buzetti
william morris endeavor entertainment
11 madison avenue, new york, ny 10010-3602
(212) 903-1166
jbuzzetti@wmeagency.com
jbuzzetti.assistant@wmeagency.com
click for additional contacts


 
 
page load link






















































































































 insert/edit link

			close		


enter the destination url

url



link text




 open link in a new tab


or link to existing content



search












no search term specified. showing recent items.

							search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item.						










cancel











go to top






