








hawkins: quality chemicals, equipment & service - hawkins























































































 customer.service@hawkinsinc.com800-328-5460 










 

toggle menu

home
about us

overview
management
hawkins videos
the history of hawkins
board of directors
environmental, social and governance
company news


careers

overview
apply
benefits


our groups

water treatment chemicals
equipment
industrial chemicals
toll blending
surface finishing products
health & nutrition
pharmaceutical chemicals
food ingredients supplier
oil field chemicals


locations
investor relations
contact
myhawkins
 



home










 


chemical formulator, manufacturer,
blender and distributor 
 


water treatment chemicals, solutions
& service for safe, clean water 
 


 





 









hawkins: quality chemicals, equipment & service 









welcome to hawkins, your source for quality
chemicals, equipment & service
hawkins, inc. was founded in 1938 and is a leading specialty chemical and ingredients company that formulates, distributes, blends and manufactures chemicals and ingredients for its industrial, water treatment, and health & nutrition customers.  we create value for our customers through superb service and support, quality products, and personalized applications.  hawkins can customize products with our toll blending capabilities.  we’re a domestic company that can quickly respond to your needs.


 


 













 









hawkins offers an extensive line of chemicals and ingredients
for a wide range of industries.
industries served:





 























































 













































































 








about hawkins





 

















customer-first commitment
our long-term success has been the result of a relentless drive to deliver for our customers, 365 days of the year. while we serve diverse industries in different business units, our commitment to putting our customers first is unfailing. from the moment we make contact with a customer or potential customer, we work to provide the best service possible.
























customized products
hawkins has chemicals available in a large variety of concentrations. we can provide the chemical concentrations you’re looking for. multiple packaging options and custom toll blending services are also available.
click to find out more about custom toll blending
























delivery network
from the moment we make contact with a customer or potential customer, we work to provide the best service possible–whether it’s arranging for a holiday delivery, making arrangements for unusual products, or simply just delivering on time, every time. the proof? many of our customers have been with hawkins for more than 20 years.
click to find out how we can help you with your chemical needs









 

















sustainability
we are committed to being a responsible, sustainable supplier. see how we incorporate this mindset into our business operations.
click to find out more about our commitment to sustainability


 




















our mission & promise
mission: to supply quality products and innovative solutions with exceptional service.
customer promise: we will respond quickly to changing customer needs with a focus on safety, technical expertise, and responsible care of the environment and of our community.
click here to find out more about hawkins through our company videos


 




















locations
having fast access to the equipment, support and the service you need for your operation is important. that’s why hawkins has been expanding. check back often to see if we’ve opened a location near you!
click to find locations near you


 






 
























hawkins, inc. again recognized as a certified great place to work
great place to work™ is an independent research and consulting firm, and its certification process considers more than 60 elements of overall job experience. over 70% of hawkins employees said hawkins is a great place to work, compared to 57% of employees at a typical u.s.-based company.
click here to find out about careers with hawkins







 








hawkins has been serving customers for over 85 years.  
we have a dedicated team ready to help you with all your chemical, ingredient, and service needs.
contact us today!





 



















 





our address
2381 rosegate
roseville mn, 55113
 






careers
overview
apply
benefits
 






contact us
800.328.5460
customer.service@hawkinsinc.com
 




 












copyright © 2024 hawkins. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | terms of use | terms and conditions | transportation quality expectations manual 





 









 















































