





















bastrop edc






 

 



 skip to main content.

 facebooktwitterlinkedinyoutubeinstagram








toggle navigation














aboutboard of directorsboard materialseconomic development partnerscountygoverning documentsstrategic plancontact uscommunityhistoryeducationhousingarts and culturerecreationhealthcareshoppingentertainmentbusinessstart a businessincentives and tax structurebusiness resourcesretail reportsbuy bastropbusiness explorerbusiness directorysite selectionproperty search & analysisbusiness and industrial parkcommunity search & analysistalent & educationdemographic datacommunity overviewmapping & gis datatarget industrieslocation advantagesworkforce developmentmajor employershigher educationworkforce programsmedia centernewsphoto galleries












the time is now












facebook
twitter
linkedin
email
print


 






invest in bastrop

the mission of the bastrop economic development corporation is to be a driving force to attract, support, and sustain the economic growth of the bastrop community.ideally located, bastrop is just a short 30-minute drive from downtown austin and 20-minutes from the austin-bergstrom international airport. bastrop is perfectly situated for companies looking to expand into the texas market.ascension seton medical, technical adhesives, and ls electric are just a few of the companies that have moved to bastrop. these companies and others are taking advantage of the abundance of commercial land and affordable sites. bastrop’s tax, land and financial incentives make it an attractive prospect to all businesses seeking to relocate in an area with rural charm and urban growth.families enjoy living in bastrop because of its vibrant historic downtown that features live music, shops, pubs, and access to the colorado river. families are moving to bastrop because it costs less to live here than in the surrounding metropolitan areas. there is always something going on in bastrop!




location advantagesperfectly located in the heart of the texas triangle, with easy access to austin, houston, san antonio and dallas/ft worth’s large commercial and labor markets.high quality and low cost of living as compared to the rest of the u.s.bastrop county is the 18th fastest growing county in the state next to one of the fastest growing cities in the country.


toolbox business & industrial park sites & buildings  compare communities  demographics  bastrop profile  talent  mapping




news


                        view all
                    











                                                                        sugar shack: sweet-tooth heaven
                                

                                    monday, february 10, 2025                                
learn more










                                                                        gov. abbott selects bastrop for small business summit in june
                                

                                    monday, january 27, 2025                                
learn more










                                                                        technical adhesives opens usa headquarters in bastrop, texas
                                

                                    monday, december 16, 2024                                
learn more










                                                                        sunshine sister coffee company keeps customers pumped up
                                

                                    wednesday, december 11, 2024                                
learn more










                                                                        bastrop isd partners with walgreens for pharmacy technician program
                                

                                    tuesday, december 3, 2024                                
learn more










                                                                        visit bastrop this holiday season for small business shopping and more
                                

                                    tuesday, november 26, 2024                                
learn more










                                                                        bedc receives third installment for revolving loan fund supporting bastrop businesses
                                

                                    thursday, november 21, 2024                                
learn more










                                                                        big changes coming to the bastrop h-e-b!
                                

                                    tuesday, november 19, 2024                                
learn more










                                                                        ‘in the sticks’ firmly planted on main street
                                

                                    thursday, november 7, 2024                                
learn more








quality of life







welcome to it allan original texas town with a fresh approach to life







historic by naturean original texas town with a fresh approach to life







a destination for art loversan original texas town with a fresh approach to life







always something excitingan original texas town with a fresh approach to life





previous



next

 









bastrop economic development corporation
                                    1311 chestnut street
                                bastrop, tx 78602
                                            (512) 332-8870
                                         

homecontactsite map







                       copyright © 2025 bastrop economic development corporation. all rights reserved.
                    

                        economic development websites by
                        
                            golden shovel agency.
                    





        list of javascript dependencies not enabled:
        share-links.js, app.js, and universal-buttons.js

        additional note:
        our module pages support additional js to fully function but still will be traversable.
    





