











stride tool | providing specialty tools for the professional technician




 













































































stride tool
providing specialty tools for the professional technician




home
about us
history
our brands
imperial tools
milbar
lakeland products
bright solutions 
services 
customer care
contact us
careers
stride tool store


menu
close
back
 







 











 





 







 







 







 







 







 



 








about us
we are a worldwide designer and manufacturer of specialty hand tools for the professional and diy market. our flagship brand, imperial® has been a pioneer in the manufacturing of brass valves and fittings, and developed into the worldwide leader of innovative products serving the hvac/r service and tube working tool industries.
learn more…






services
at stride tool our focus is on providing specialty tools for the professional technician. we serve a wide range of industry professionals, knowing they depend on our high quality products, designed and manufactured to exacting engineering specifications.
learn more…






featured brand

imperial® is a world renowned brand of specialty tools for hvac/r service, tube working, electrical, automotive and industrial applications.
learn more…





stride tool news
august 15, 2019 – stride tool announces sales director of  oem, mobile & automotive
january 14, 2019 – diversitech acquires stride tool llc
june 6, 2018 – stride tool announces partnership with evolve holdings consulting
march 19, 2018 – stride tool announces v.p. of operations
january 22, 2018 – stride tool announces new micro tube bender
february 1, 2018 – stride tool announces international sales manager
november 30, 2017 – stride tool acquires assets of mpv tools
june 1, 2017 – stride tool announces v.p. of sales & marketing
december 16, 2016 – stride tool acquires bright solutions international
april 5, 2016 – capitalsouth growth fund completes $10.0 million investment in stride tool holdings, llc











							©2019 stride tool | all rights reserved | diversitech corp. | web design
 by buildthis 												



























