

bio-genetic muscle building weight gain program
















attention!
for "skinny guys who can't gain weight" : are you following
the so called "experts" advice and still not gaining the muscle
you want? frustrated from trying the latest "cutting-edge" supplements
featured in the bodybuilding magazines? if so, then you need to listen
up because you are about to... 


discover my 'paint-by-numbers' muscle building system – learn exactly how to blast through 

plateaus and pack on 25+ pounds of muscular bodyweight in the next 90 days – guaranteed!



"i'll show you how to plug
all your muscle building desires into my instant muscle gain formula. want
an extra 25 lbs. of muscle?
just plug your information into my formula and presto,
your body is instantly transformed right before your eyes! "

disclaimer: what
i'm about to reveal will piss a lot of people off. supplement companies,
bodybuilding magazines, health club owners, gnc, and so called "experts"
won't like what i have to say because it turns the muscle building tables
in your favor. once you discover these secrets you won't be at their
muscle building mercy anymore!



"gained 43 lbs. of muscular 

bodyweight!"

i just wanted to thank you for your tips and advice that you have given to me since i began 

training back in october 2003. i am now beginning to have the physique that i have always 

wanted, my skinny frame has become a distant memory although i still look at photos of 

myself taken three years ago to remind me not to return that way. i will always either 

maintain the way i look now, or maybe continue to try to get bigger. when i began training, 

at 6' 2", i was 187 pounds and very thin, i now weigh 230 pounds and people i have known for 

a long time comment on how big i look now, which is what i have always wished for. 
 
the main reason why i want to thank you is because, like many other beginners, the first two 

years of my training i just concentrated on having a big upper body, i wanted big arms and 

that was it, and i was frustrated and writing to you for your advice on how to get big arms. 

i did train my legs once a week, but my chest, shoulders back and arm workouts were my 

priority, and i was getting nowhere, my arms grew a bit but not as much as i wanted them to. 

but just a few months ago, i read your tips on making deadlifts and squats a priority, 

squatting one and a half times my own bodyweight for 20 reps, and this is what changed my 

physique. i cannot squat one and a half times my own bodyweight for 20 reps yet, i can do 

about 4 reps, but making my leg routine my main workout has given me my overall mass, my 

arms are now becoming huge, forearms especially.
 
this has been a great breakthrough for me, thanks to you, and i hope that there will be 

others who gain like me through taking your advice.
 
thanks lee. keep up the good work.

paul collins,
 
united kingdom







from the desk of bryan kernan & lee hayward



dear friend,
imagine that you have an automatic muscle building system at your disposal.
anytime you want to gain muscle you simply switch on your muscle building
system and like clockwork you would get the muscle you desired. 
need an extra 25 lbs. of muscle in the next 12 weeks? 
simply put the system to work for you and now you have an extra 25 lbs.
of muscle added to your body. 
in the next 5 minutes i'll reveal to you the muscle building system
that will do just that.








"17 lbs. in just 3 
weeks!"

g'day lee,

i visited your site a while back and and purchased your e-book and just wanted to send you a quick email to let you know how i'm going with it. 

i'm from perth wa (australia) and had been in the gym for a year without
any increase in body mass and only small increase in weights. however, in the first 3 weeks i put on 17 lbs. and have significantly gone up in my weights when i used your biogenetic plan!

thanks so much for all your help.

andrew ivers
perth australia

p.s.

my mate has started it to and i'm just as impressed as he is with the
results he's getting!






new "sure fire" weight gain 
system discovered by baton 
rouge mystery man
first, though, let me introduce myself. 
my name is bryan kernan. you may know me as bodybuilding author, and
i'm happy to say i've had some success as one. not to brag but, i've personally
helped over 10,000 bodybuilders worldwide with my bodybuilding nutrition, training, 

and supplement secrets. 

i've authored 3 books on bodybuilding:


bodybuilding supplement secrets revealed

instant cuts

and the bio-genetic weight gain system

but here's the part about me that will interest you most... 
i've kept most of my top "breakthrough" muscle building secrets to myself.
i did it because quite frankly it's one of the reasons other bodybuilders
seek me out for advice. my bread and butter so to speak. revealing these
secrets would be like shooting myself in the foot. 
but all that has changed... 
i'm now revealing all my top muscle building secrets on instant muscle
growth. 
why am i doing this now? because i'm getting out of the bodybuilding
industry. bodybuilding has always been a passion of mine and always will
be. but the "swarmy" ways of this industry make me sick to my stomach. 
that's why i am the only person who will tell you these muscle building
secrets. i can piss off anyone i want and not have to worry about it. before
i would have to worry about the magazines and whether they would allow
my information to be published because it went against their supplement
sales, but not anymore! 
i  reveal all my jealously guarded muscle building secrets in my
new 12-week weight gain system called the bio-genetic muscle gain program.
these are the same secrets  used by those on the inside to grow muscle
quickly and easily without any risk.





the ultimate weight gain 
system  finally 

revealed!
the bio-genetic muscle gain program is a high-speed
weight gain program for skinny guys who can't gain weight.
the reason it works so well is because it combines
nutrition, weight training, and supplements into one powerful program.
here is what you will discover:
part 1- the bio-genetic nutrition
program


find your resting calorie burning power



discover your activity level



add in calories for muscle growth

part 2- the bio-genetic training
program


discover 2 exercises a top powerlifting gym credits
for adding up to 40 lbs. of muscle 



how to unleash buckets of testosterone and growth
hormone into your body with these training principles

part 3- the bio-genetic supplement
stack


new supplement will put up to 20 lbs. of muscle
on your body in only 8 weeks!


 click
here to order now!




a completely different approach
to bodybuilding that you can use to
pack on up to 25 lbs. of
muscle
in only 12 

weeks!
detonate your muscle growth rate by tricking your body with these nutrition,
training, and supplement secrets: 


how to gain as much weight as you want with this "3 x 5 index card trick"
. now you can trick your body's nervous system into gaining all the muscle
you want. want to gain 25 lbs. of muscle? simply plug your
goal into this system and presto your body will automatically reach your
goal-without even having to think about it!



the secret muscle weight gain discovery made while eating at mcdonald's
that will pack muscle on the skinniest of guys without getting fat



what out of date supplement helped me put 9 lbs. of muscle in 2 weeks and
became the muscle building magic of this bodybuilding program



how to use the 3-part ultimate weight gain formula to guarantee
your body packs on muscle whether it wants to or not! all successful bodybuilding
programs are based on this principle. if you've tried everything and nothing
seemed to work you've been violating this rule and here's how to fix that!



details of the exact step-by-step process i went through to gain 7 lbs.
of muscle in only 7 days! and i actually looked leaner than i did the
7 days before i used this trick



what a scientific study revealed about taking protein that can switch you
from a hardgainer to an easy muscle gainer overnight! (hint: most experts
recommend far too low a protein intake. if you are taking 1 gram per pound
of bodyweight and stil not growing here's why)



the one huge mistake all bodybuilders make in their diet that guarantees
they won't gain an ounce of muscle... and how to turn it to your advantage
that will give you an instant muscle boost in the first 7 days you start
using it



a simple trick not 1 in 1000 bodybuilders know about that will guarantee
you an additional 1-2 lbs. of muscle a week



  9 "anabolically charged natural foods" that will help you gain more
muscle than anything else you could use, including creatine, prohormones,
and any other bodybuilding supplement on the market!



 more than 52 different all natural foods that can release the
ultimate anabolic hormone for muscle growth in your body



how to use the "customization principle" to over ride your body's desire
to stay the same weight. this is the one mistake all bodybuilding nutrition
experts make and once you correct it you can easily gain up to 3 lbs. a
week!



a simple trick to pack on up to 10 lbs. of muscle in only 5 weeks
when you add this one ingredient to your diet. it's in your fridge right
now and can switch your bodybuilding into overdrive once you start using
it








"put 40 lbs. on his bench 
and 90 lbs. on his squat"

i'm 41 years young and i downloaded and printed the 

bio-genetic muscle building book.  i've read it cover to cover.  i started working out 2 

years ago and i've made some decent gains, but am always wanting more.  since i read your 

bio-genetic program, i changed my diet and training radically.

i'm 4 weeks into this now.  the biggest hurdle i've had is getting paste 225 on the flat 

bench.  when i started this program, i could get one, maybe two reps with a spot - now i do 

4 or 5 without a spot.....7 or 8 with a spot to force them out.  earlier this week, i did 

265 for one rep!  more than 40 pounds on my bench in 4 weeks.  when i started 4 weeks ago, 

225 for squats was pushing it.  i just did 315 for squats today and it wasn't too hard.  

people are noticing that i'm putting on alot of size in my chest, shoulders and arms.  this 
program is working!

thanks for the program and all the good info. 

i'll keep you posted.

scott miller
california







how would you like to grow
new muscle every time you go to the gym?
 
would you like to be able to see your body change
every time you look in the mirror? 
 
now you can with these never before revealed training
secrets no one shared with you before:




what is the maximum time limit you should use to
stay in the gym. warning: if you go over this limit you will actually lose
muscle!





discover these 2 exercises the top powerlifting gym
in the world uses to gain 30-40 lbs. of muscle





how to structure your workout so you gain maximum
muscle and get ripped at the same time
by cutting this training variable
in half





why you should never follow the training routines
in the bodybuilding magazines and discover the training programs they
don't feature in the muscle mags which produce amazing results!



warning:
before you spend one more penny
on 
do-nothing bodybuilding 

supplements
you need to read this!
did you know there is a small group of supplement companies which produce
supplements that give steroid like results? the reason you haven't heard
of them before is because they don't advertise heavily in the bodybuilding
magazines. 
they don't want some stupid kid to misuse their potent supplements and
have the fda shut them down. but you can use them if you know how to take
them. i'll show you how to:




discover a super secret bodybuilding supplement stack not advertised in
the magazines which has more muscle building ingredients than any other
supplement on the market and where to get it





warning: before you go on any bodybuilding nutrition, training or
supplement program you need to do this simple little step to make sure
you gain maximum muscle in minimum time





how the 30 minute window of opportunity can add up to 50 lbs.
of muscle to your frame in only 2 years. a top personal trainer credits
this one trick for adding the most muscle to all of his athletes. he says
if he was left with only one option to gain muscle this one wins hands
down





how to turn ordinary supplements, from your local health food store, into
super anabolic compounds using these 7 offbeat ways no one else knows





what should be the number one goal of your supplement program?





2 things you must do with supplements in order to grow massive amounts
of muscle





 how to stack basic supplements that maximize your gh, igf-1, and
testosterone levels





what is better to take, pills or powders? this could be the difference
between failure or success.



a "unique" website few people know about to buy bulk supplements from

where to get high quality protein for less than $6 per pound(this
will save you a lot of money since you should be taking  a lot of
protein )



how to use this ordinary supplement to pack on up to 10 lbs. of muscle
in a few weeks



discover a supplement that the army has used as a marker for overtraining.
this is really cutting edge



a supplement that is a must in any bodybuilders program because it makes
up one-third of your enitre amino acid pool in your body



new supplement that just hit the market boosts your igf-1 levels dramatically
for rapid muscle growth



how to use a common vitamin to increase your testosterone/ cortisol
ratio in favor of muscle growth



a special carbohydrate that is essential to your muscles and my outrageous
experiment with it



discover a secret herb from india that can boost your testosterone levels
up to 77%





what two pro-hormones are the best to take? (warning: the wrong
one could have side-effects on your body)





a supplement which helps prevent some of the side effects of pro-hormones





 find out if you are being taken in by hidden agendas in this industry..they
are everywhere. i’ll show you what to look for



become a supplement expert yourself, by using proven supplement compounds



 how to turn your kitchen into your own mini-supplement factory pumping
out highly potent anabolic compounds...even better than the big boys



what does the future hold in store for supplements?





 what to look for when buying supplements?



 2 unwritten rules the supplement companies use to get your money





 a sneaky trick the supplement companies and boydbuilding magazines
use to convince you to buy a supplement. (don't fall for this one)





 how the ceo of one of the largest supplement companies made an outrageous
claim over a worthless supplement. bodybuilders are still buying up this
supplement thinking it will build muscle. don't waste your money





7 hidden agendas and conflicts of interests in the bodybuilding industry
you need to know. don't let them sneak by you





do supplement companies really have "scientific labs" where they do research?
i reveal this big secret they don't want you to know





how they get you to buy a product even though it is the same as every other
supplement on the market





why supplement companies could sell you sugar in a pill and you'd still
get results. this is the big secret supplement companies are scared you'll
find out





here's what other experts
are 
saying about my newly 
released muscle building 
secrets:
"i can't believe you reveal all these secrets. i've never
seen another "expert" spill all the beans on how to grow maximum muscle
in minimum time. i'm still in shock from your step-by-step formula for
instant muscle growth! ."
— dan gallapoo, www.anabolicsecrets.com and www.drugfreebodybuilding.com 


"wow! i can't believe all of the muscle building secrets i never
even knew existed. i can see why the bodybuilding magazines, supplement
companies and gnc wouldn't want anyone to get their hands on this muscle
building giant. it would make them obsolete!"

— paul becker, www.trulyhuge.com









here's what people are saying about the 
"bio-genetic muscle gain program":






"gained 30 lbs. of muscular bodyweight in 3 

months!"

…i got you books online i enjoyed them and refer to them all the time.  it's very hard to 

gain weight when you are tall, i'm 6'3".  but i used your weight gainer techniques and went 

from 230 to 260 in 3 months!   i have a 14 year old boy that i plan to start using some of 

your techniques. he is 6'5" and about 160 pound and is playing football and ice hockey…

thanks, you’re the man!

— doug kennedy,florida








"gained 30 lbs. of muscular bodyweight in 2 

months!"

my name is angelo soto, and i purchased the biogenetic program a couple of months ago.  my 

progress has been excellent, i gained thirty pounds and boosted up my strength all around 

dramatically.  it's an amazing program!

thank you very much for everything,

angelo soto








"gained 36 pounds of muscular
bodyweight in 3 1/2 months!
"

hi,

i just wanted to say thanks for all your help.  since i started the bio genetic program in 

the beginning of the new year i have gained 36 pounds and my gains have been 90% lean 

muscle.

cheers,

andrew laslett
united kingdom








"hardgainer packs on 25 pounds!"

your info is excellent.  i have gained 25 pounds since april using your programs. i've always been a "hardgainer" or "ectomorph".  tall, thin and a high metabolism.  but with the principles i have received from your program i have went from 185 to 210.  i've had to buy new clothes.  it is a good feeling.
 
thanks for all the help and info. 
 
scott









"gained 22 pounds of muscle in 12 

weeks!"

hey,

i am truly satisfied at what i have become within the last 3 months of training on your 

biogenetic muscle gain program. i have gained 22lbs of muscle, and just become overall much 

stronger. 

thanks again. 

justin muller













there's so much information, i couldn't possibly list it all here. and that's why i'm 

offering you my private collection
of 235+ muscle building tips on a completely risk-free basis. it's my new
e-book called the bio-genetic muscle weight gain system.
with this information you will get the exact system i
used to acheive these goals. you'll have the satisfaction of watching your
body transform from day-to-day with your new muscle growth.
you'll join a select few who know how to use supplements, training,
and nutrition to get their body's to do anything they wish.









my system is yours 

risk-free





 here's the best news of all: you made it here just in time to
take advantage of an unprecedented offer. (but please don't tell my existing
customers about this.)
it's part of a marketing test that's got my accountant up in arms; he
thinks i'm crazy to offer this below our normal risk-free price of $69.95.
but because the internet has reduced many of our costs, i'm doing a test
and passing our savings on to you. depending on how it affect sales, we may or
may not continue the special discount.
however, if you order this e-book online it's yours risk-free for only $37 . (less 

than
what most of you will spend on one bottle of supplements) and trust me,
any one of my secrets will pay for it, or you can return it for a 100%
refund. (read the details of my guarantee below.)
and just to make sure i give you more value i'll throw in 5 bonuses
valued at $91 if you order today!






4 "special report" bonuses 






bonus #1: how
i gained weight fast with a "fool idea" ($17 value)



bonus #2:72
hour weight gain secret
(see results in the mirror in 72
hours
with this secret supplement trick)
($37
value)



bonus #3:when
natural bodybuilders need to gain weight fast this is what they do ($15
value)



bonus #4:a
simple food trick causes unexplainable rapid weight gain ($7
value)



bonus #5:the 

key secret to gaining weight
(if you have tried everything to gain weight 
and nothing seems to work, this is for you) ($15
value)





when you click on the button below, you'll be taken to a secure order
page for your credit card information, we use a third party secure processing
company so your order information is kept completely confidential -- only
the processing company and your credit card company access the information. 
your order is processed immediately, and you'll get access to the e-book
right after you fill out the form. you will also get receipt for your purchase
with a transaction number sent to you by email.
when you get the e-book, scan it a couple of times and read the parts
that jump out at you right away then go back and read it cover to cover.
try some of the strategies for a few weeks. you'll notice a difference
in the mirror right away. you'll use the e-book as a constant reference on
your way to all your muscle gain goals.

to summarize, here's what you 
get for only $37 in the next
5 
minutes if you order
now:




the 12-week bio-genetic muscle gain program(a
$69.95 value)
the bio-genetic program is a complete 12-week nutrition, weight training,
and supplement program for gaining muscle weight fast. the program comes
in a pdf file. you can view it using adobe acrobat reader which
you can get free at www.adobe.com.
 



bonus #1: how i gained weight fast with
a "fool idea"($17 value)
if you are currently stuck at the same body weight then this is the
trick for you. blast through your weight gain rut and gain at least 1 lb.
of muscle per week with this secret. you could be 12 lbs. heavier in the
next 12 weeks just from this trick alone!


bonus
#2:72 hour weight gain secret ($37
value)
see results in the mirror in 72 hours
with this secret supplement trick. impossible?
not when you know this new way to take a scientifically proven supplement.
watch your body change so fast your family, friends, and enemies will wonder
what you are on. they will beg you to reveal this secret.
 



bonus #3:when natural bodybuilders need
to gain weight fast this is what they do($15
value)
finally, an all natural alternative to steroids!
you can see huge strength and muscle gains in a matter of days with this
supplement secret. the good news is it's a very cheap supplement. but the
way you take it can mean the difference between failure and success.
 



bonus #4:a simple food trick causes unexplainable
rapid weight gain ($7 value)
foods can have a drug-like effect on your body
when you know exactly what to do! discover this secret way to turn your
food from a simple nutrient to a muscle producing machine.
 



bonus #5:the key secret to gaining weight ($15 value)
if you are a terminal hardgainer and have tried absolutely 

everything to gain weight and nothing seems to work.  this report will show you how to 

consistently pack on muscular bodyweight week after week.
 



total,
bare-minimum value
of the e-book and bonuses...
$150!








order now & get 3 extra e-books for 

free!!!









how to get six pack abs:



where most people make mistakes in trying to develop great abdominals!



abdominal building techniques that really work!



advanced fat loss techniques!



how often you should train your abs for best results!



proper nutrition and supplementation for awesome abs!



how to lose bodyfat around your mid section!



the best abdominal exercises!



how you can once and for all get the ripped "six pack" abs that you desire!


. . . and much more!




bodybuilding supplement secrets:


how to get steroid-like results from basic supplements you buy at your local health food 

store.
4 fat-burning supplements that can help you get to 4-5% bodyfat levels. 
2 things you must do with supplements in order to grow massive amounts of muscle.
what is better to take, pills or powders? 
how to use a common vitamin to increase your testosterone levels.
what to look for when buying supplements.
. . . and much more!






bodybuilding recipes and resources:


how to make home made protein bars.
how to make home made high protein meal replacement drinks.
donzens of high protein meal recipes.
bodybuilding websites to bookmark.
. . . and much more!











order today and receive

"how to get six pack abs"

"bodybuilding supplement secrets revealed"

"bodybuilding recipes and resources"

absolutely free!!!






still not sure? here's my 100%,
walk away,
"no hard feelings," no fuss,
full 
money back 

guarantee!
i'm so convinced that you'll be absolutely delighted with youre-book
that i'm prepared to give you an iron-clad, 60-day, "take-it-or-leave-it,"
totally outrageous guarantee.
this "impossible-to-turn-it-down" guarantee is simple:
try my 12-week bio-genetic muscle gain program out for a full 60 days,
read through the entire e-book, download all of the bonuses,  and
use the step-by-step worksheets.
if you don't gain huge amounts of  muscle you can get every penny
back. in other words, if you're not totally delighted with the techniques
you've learned, drop me a line...
i'll refund your $37, right there, on the spot!
simply put, i'll gladly issue you a refund and we'll part as
friends, no harm done. what could be fairer than that?

if you order now 
you are getting the complete
package 
valued at $150 for only 

$37
hurry and order now before the price goes up! with all these power
packed muscle building tips i'm going to be raising the price to $59 soon so you must act 

now!

if
you want the guaranteed price of only $37  then
you
must take action today.click here to order instantly
online 
with the secure clickbank order form.











yours for a muscular body,
bryan kernan & lee hayward
p.s. : think about what this inforamtion is worth to you. the $37 you
invest is less than 1 supplement bottle and a bargain compared to what
it would cost to have a customized weight gain program designed for you
from a persoanl trainer let alone an expert like me.
p.p.s.: still unsure? i believe this information can change your life.
thats why i'm going to tell you what you will be missing if you don't order
now.







warning:
what happens to you if you
don't order
now
1. you will miss out on a proven weight gain
program. everyone else who orders will get ahead of you by gaining more
muscle. when it's time to take your shirt off at the beach you will regret
that you didn't order this.
2. the price will rise! that is a fact. i am
using the $37 as a promotion price to get started and since this information
is in e-book form there are no printing costs for me. but if people start
asking for it in hard cover form i might discontinue the e-book and print
out a hard copy version. if i do this the price will go up to $97.
3. this offer will not last, but if you order now, you'll be 

guaranteed to get all future additions and updates at no extra charge and you'll get all 

bonuses reports too. these alone are  worth more than the $37 you will invest. don't miss 

out - order now!
to quickly get your e-book click on the link below to
go to the secure order form:
if
you want the guaranteed price of only $37  then
you
must take action today.click here to order instantly
online
with the secure clickbank order form.



if you have problems processing your
order, please email us.

click here to get your copy now!






note: the bio-genetic muscle building program is a downloadable e-book. no physical products will be shipped. after you order, you will get instant access to download the e-book and all the bonus reports onto your computer. the e-book format is adobe acrobat pdf, which can be viewed on mac or pc.









 copyright © 1999-2009 lee hayward enterprises. 
you can read my entire privacy policy. by entering, you agree to the terms. by entering your email address you are also requesting and agreeing to subscribe to my free bodybuilding tips email newsletter. you can easily unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of your emails or by sending an email to lee hayward. for my link directory, click here. total fitness bodybuilding blog.


e-mail: lee@leehayward.com | p.o. box 13175, stn. topsail, cbs, nl, a1w 2k1 | phone: 1-877-892-7435 














 


 