












adaps

















































 







about
services

application development
application modernisation
automation
consulting
cyber resilience
recruitment
managed services
testing
remote development hub


technologies
industries

banking
government
healthcare
insurance
logistics


contact us
 












 we are the continuous, trusted partner to hundreds of pioneering businesses for over 60 years.



















































commitment to collaboration.
how we work











trusted, customer-centric solutions
through our innovative technologies and a strong emphasis on customer experience, we deliver proven solutions to tackle the most complex it projects.





superior results delivered competitively
our streamlined processes offer cost- effective and sustainable solutions, you to complete projects faster without compromising on quality.













redefine the possibilities of your digital operations.
from concept to execution, we drive it transformation to help you create new business models and achieve sustainable growth.










transform ideas into reality.
are you ready to elevate your business but unsure of the next step?
at adaps, we specialise in generating visionary ideas and bringing them to life. our expert it consulting services support forward-thinking businesses in creating new digitalexperiences and unlock company success.
find out more









implement cutting-edge it solutions.
are you ready to elevate your business but unsure of the next step?
at adaps, we specialise in generating visionary ideas and bringing them to life. our expert it consulting services support forward-thinking businesses in creating new digital experiences and unlock company success.








technologies >








services >










delivered to industries.
over the years, we have supported the growth of leading businesses to meet the demands of today’s dynamic - and challenging - marketplace.










government 







insurance 







healthcare 







logistics 







banking 





























what our clients had to say about working with us








adaps is always adding to our test suite and learning our systems. automation testing is coming along nicely, the team have built up their system knowledge to a great degree, and we trust them to do comprehensive testing very well. adaps is now an integral part of our development and testing team.

daniel james, development manager




test cases are well documented and logged. always willing to do what is required to meet project deadlines. adaps are very good to work with, we consistently working together to improve the processes on both sides.

dean harvey, senior project officer




adaps is always very thorough with the testing, and we value their contribution to our projects.

amanda davidson, service delivery manager




schedules were tight. still met with minimal cost of quality if any at all. deliverables – very nice. transparent results, competency – high.

james cody, project manager







 
 












ready to start your next project?

let’s talk!
fill out your details and one of our specialists will be in touch!





 












full name*




email address*






phone number




website





message









		

























established in 1964, adaps is the oldest australian-owned it company that functions with self-imposed high standards and well-defined processes.  adaps comes with a demonstrated track record combined with a perfect mixture of industry analysis and comprehensive research and can adhere to the client's requirements every single time to cater to industry-specific demands.  









links

about us 
services 
technologies 
industries 
contact us 




support


 level 18/1 nicholson st, east melbourne vic 3002
                    

 +03 7068 5800


 info@adaps.com


contact us









                adaps © 2024. all rights reserved.
            




























