





home - ardastra gardens


































































































		skip to content








 





main menu
 


home
visit us
private events
education
conservation
 

 
 







 












the only wildlife conservation centre in the bahamas 


















 







register now for summer camps! 



ardastra is offering three summer camps to ignite the imaginations of your young nature enthusiasts! enjoy fun activities, hands-on learning, and animal experiences.animal detectives: july 1st – july 5thcurious minds of scientists: july 15th – july 19thenvironmental ambassadors: july 22nd – july 26thlearn more about the camps at our education page. 



field trip and t-shirt are included!price: $175 +vat
for more information: call 323-7232 or email education@ardastra.com 











 







easter pails & bunny tails event 



join us on april 1st, 2024 for an easter party here at ardastra! you will enjoy full gardens access, a flamingo show, keeper talk, easter egg hunts, craft tables , vendors, an easter bunny meet & greet photo op, ribbon cutting for a new bunny condo, and an animal adoptions special. the event runs 10:00 am to 3:00 pm. 



adults: $8 (member adults: free) children ages 2-15: $12 (member children: $5)children under 2: freefor more information: call 323–5806 or email events@ardastra.com 











 







interactive tortoise feeding experience 



enjoy a presentation with an animal keeper while you feed, pet and groom our tortoises! learn about these amazing creatures and their importance to our ecosystem! 



$7/person. experience takes place at 11:30 am every day in our tortoise habitat.  















 



hedley edwards 







about ardastra 



in the heart of nassau, more than four acres of lush tropical gardens are inhabited by a variety of animal species, including the national bird of the bahamas, the caribbean flamingo. the site of ardastra gardens, zoo and conservation centre was originally designed by jamaican horticulturalist hedley edwards in 1937. he named the gardens ardastra, from the latin words ardua ad astra, meaning “striving towards the stars” because he felt that it depicted a ‘utopia of peace, beauty and tranquillity’.  he developed the picturesque and exotic gardens as a nature preserve, later bringing in the endangered caribbean flamingo from the island of inagua in the 1950’s, developing what was to become a highly successful breeding programme.  over time, the birds were trained to perform for visitors and ardastra became their permanent home.  in 1980, the gardens were purchased by norman solomon, whose passion for wildlife and conservation education inspired him to incorporate more animals into the gardens and create a boutique zoo. today, thousands of visitors visit annually to marvel at the tranquil, restorative gardens; enjoy close encounters with our collection of over 135 animals; and admire the long-legged flamingo beauties national geographic has called “ballerinas in pink”. the opportunity to enjoy this rare gem will be a highlight for visitors of all ages. ardastra gardens depends on philanthropic support from the public to meet its operating needs and to fulfill its educational and conserving missions. 






facebook
 



instagram
 















community & support 







ardastra gardens & wildlife centre depends on philanthropic support from the public to meet its operating needs and to fulfill its educational and conserving missions.  



































become a member or donate 






become a member










download member/donor form



















 







 







 







tourism compliance certificate – ministry of tourism 







 







recognition as an educational facility – ministry of education 










 


 






menu 




home
visit us
private events
education
conservation
 

 

home
visit us
private events
education
conservation
 








contact us 



phone: 242-323-5806whatsapp: 242-433-5325email: visitors@ardastra.comto view and download our waiver form, click here. 







our location 



















copyright © 2025 ardastra gardens 










powered by ardastra gardens








 











join our email list! 



don’t miss out on our latest news, special events, and more! sign up for our email list below. 



first name last name email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe towebsite popup submissions example: yes, i would like to receive emails from ardastra gardens. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: ardastra gardens. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact 










































