





glomerular center – glomerular center



































































skip to content













 










menu

 


home
our experts
fellowship
medicine cme
















home 








columbia glomerular center 



columbia university vagelos college of physicians and surgeons has established the david koch jr. glomerular kidney center with a gift from the david koch jr. foundation. the center aims to advance clinical research, physician education, and patient care for glomerular diseases, building on columbia’s pioneering work in diagnostics and treatments. read more 






our experts










fellowship











 



 







 











 
















columbia university irving medical center 















our missions 



 











 



 











basic research in the development of the glomerular filters has been a priority of the research laboratories in the renal division at columbia university. 
clinical trials are underway to study most major glomerular diseases including focal glomerulosclerosis, diabetic nephropathy, membranous nephropathy, iga nephropathy, and many patterns of lupus nephritis. 
educational activities include the publication of many scientific articles each year. annually the renal pathology department and renal division conduct a four day course dealing with renal biopsy and medical diseases of the kidney. 



 











our team 











meet our experts 










 


											gerald appel, md										
director


 










 


											andrew bomback, md										
co-director


 










 


											jai radhakrishnan, md										



 










 


											pietro canetta, md										



 










 


											mariela navarro-torres, md										



 














 


											benjamin wooden, md										



 































our collaborators 











collaboration and expertise
 



the glomerular center is a collaborative effort of members of the divisions of nephrology and renal pathology at columbia university. currently over 1800 renal biopsies are processed annually by the renal pathology division. this provides a large resource for defining new diseases of the kidney and studying the relationships between renal histopathology and the clinical features, course, and outcome of the patients.  



 












stay up to date 











columbia medicine cme 



columbia university, department of medicine is one of the world’s most important centers of research, education and patient care. this allows us to offer a distinctive and distinguished learning environment for professionals seeking additional knowledge. our educational platform recognizes the importance of our clinician educators and seeks to link its research and teaching to the vast resources both nationally and internationally.  








 
























 




welcome to the comprehensive glomerular center, where we provide exceptional care, research, and support for individuals affected by glomerular disease. 






youtube
 



twitter
 










our center 






home










our experts










fellowship










columbia medicine cme











get in touch 






 
622 west 168th street presbyterian hospital, 4th floor new york, ny 10032



 
212-305-3273



 
mon - sat 09:00 - 17:00











copyright © 2025 glomerular center | glomerular center







































