
















fox prairie golf course & forest park golf course | indiana golf courses | noblesville in public golf























































































































































facebookfacebooktwittermailrsseclub
tee times
season pass
fox prairie (317) 776-6357   |   forest park (317) 773-2881 


0shopping cartfox prairie

book a tee time
golf course
rates
outings
programs

men’s club
ladies leagues
corporate leagues
junior golf




forest park

book a tee time
golf course
rates
outings
leagues

ladies league
corporate leagues
junior league




season pass
photo gallery
events

latest club news
calendar


buy online

online store
view my cart
my order history


contact us

contact
join our e club







menu


menu

 






book your tee time ♦ best rates and times – click hereseason passes available • choose the best one for your golfing needs!let us host your next outing / eventgift cards available in the online storelike us on facebook – fox prairielike us on facebook – forest parkfollow us on twitter




welcome to fox prairie & forest park golf courses

book a tee time


fox prairie golf course

the fox is a mature, traditional style course opened in 1970. it is a beautiful layout on a rolling parcel of land considered one of the top public facilities in central indiana.
a modern clubhouse, sandwich shop, fully stocked proshop, practice green, driving range, new carts, and 27 championship holes await you at fox prairie.
given a 3.5 star rating by golf digest, this course features mature trees and interesting sand bunkers on each hole, four sets of tees, very large greens and a great clubhouse…all for some of the most affordable rates in the county.

fox prairie golf course



forest park golf course


built in 1927, hamilton county’s oldest golf course is steeped in tradition.  this 9 hole course features postage stamp greens, manicured fairways, and challenging elevated tees and greens.  a golf course free of water hazards makes it enjoyable and playable for novice golfers, yet green contours make it a challenge for the advanced players as well.
this nine hole jewel reminds golfers of how golf used to be in design and price!
check out our modern pro shop, snack shop and kids tees!  located in beautiful forest park lends itself to a great outing for the entire family or business meeting!”

forest park golf course

fox prairie golf course
fox prairie provides a challenge for all levels of players. it hosts yearly the indiana golf associations tournament of champions and maintains high ratings in golf digests’s “places to play.”
fox prairie outings
outing must be booked 21 days in advance. to hold a date, a $100 deposit is required within 7 day of booking. any cancellations made within 21 days of your event will     not receive a refund of the deposit.
fox prairie programs
everything from men’s club to corporate leagues, there’s something for everyone at fox prairie golf course. join us for good ol family fun.
forest park golf course
season – march 15 thru november 30	| tee times – can be booked up to 7 days in advance | proshop opens daily at 8:00 am
forest park outings
weekdays 9 holes $20 | 18 holes $33
weekends  9 holes $23 | 18 holes $35
forest park men’s club 
the forest park men’s club is open to anyone wishing to participate. the club provides the opportunity to join a group of golfers and play in weekly events.

  

fox prairie golf course 8465 e. 196th st.
po box 1952
noblesville, indiana
46060
phone: (317) 776-6357



 



forest park golf course 701 cicero road
noblesville, indiana
46060
phone: (317) 773-2881

fox prairie golf courseforest park golf course





© copyright  fox prairie golf course & forest park golf course    powered by teesnap golf management software
facebookfacebooktwittermailrss






scroll to top







 



































































