








home page - citizens for modern transit




























































skip to main content







citizens for modern transit



become a member












become a member

about

mission and peopleboard committeeslegislative priorities and annual reportsawardstransit service providers in the st. louis regionamtrak missourigreen business commitmentcmt title vi policycmt 990 formcmt process for evaluation of rfp proposals for grant programs

programs

all programstransit stop transformation projectscmt try & ride programguaranteed ride homecmt ten toes + transitcmt metro monitor programcmt commuter choice programcmt’s policy briefs and reportsvolunteer with citizens for modern transit

members

invest in transit; join or renew your cmt membership todaycmt’s corporate members

transit resources

st. louis metrolink green linetod resourcesmetro u-pass program

blog
news

cmt in the newsstl leaders weigh in on transit

contact

















cmt talking transit on april 2: building linear neighborhoods – n. hanley, rock road and  umsl south stations 



    learn more

  













        
          home page

        
      








looking for something?






search










our mission
cmt leads efforts for an integrated, affordable, and convenient public transportation system with light rail expansion as the critical component that will drive economic growth to improve quality of life in the st. louis region.












                
                  from the blog

                                  





area commuters encouraged to “make transit your ride in 2025”
those new to public transit can register for cmt’s try & ride program to receive complimentary transit passes to test out the bi-state region’s integrated public transit system.







                
                  from the blog

                                  





head over wheels in love with transit? 
share your love and reap the rewards this february.







                
                  from the blog

                                  





spring ten toes + transit registration open 
registration for the spring 2025 ten toes + transit program is now open. check out all the new features.










transit drives the economy



fact #1
missouri state investment in public transit has grown 580% since 2021; increasing from 28 cents per capita to $1.89.















citizens for modern transit



citizens for modern transit on facebook


citizens for modern transit on instagram


citizens for modern transit on twitter


citizens for modern transit on linkedin


citizens for modern transit on youtube-play







about
programs
members



blog
cmt in the news
transit oriented development resources









            © 2025 citizens for modern transit. all rights reserved. 

             

            
            website built by giant hat






translate »






