







































jefferson community college





skip to main content
skip to main menu




site search

submit search

 


my jcc
directory

toggle search

toggle main navigation

abouttoggle about child items
who we are
leadership
campus & community
strategic planning
consumer info


academicstoggle academics child items
areas of interest
all programs
class schedule
support services
college in high school
academic calendar
records & transcripts
commencement


admissionstoggle admissions child items
how to apply
request info
visit campus
live on campus
after you're accepted
contact admissions


costs & aidtoggle costs & aid child items
apply for aid
types of aid
apply for scholarships
tuition & fees
net price calculator


student lifetoggle student life child items
live on campus
activities & clubs
athletics
jobs & careers
health & wellness
safety & security


communitytoggle community child items
workforce solutions
nest/sbdc
center for community studies
facilities rentals


foundation toggle foundation  child items
give to jefferson
create a scholarship
alumni





apply today






late session begins march 17
apply today! 








admissions
a process that makes it easy to take the next step.
areas of interest
browse jefferson's 60+ programs, certifications and microcredentials.
get info
we have so much to share! tell us about yourself and we’ll get you started with all
                        the information you need.


 








take a strollthrough campus!3d map and virtual tour



 




register for classes
four-year bachelor's degrees and graduate degrees
library
bookstore
athletics








scholarships and aid

military and veterans' education

workforce solutions









news

   fast-track your education with jcc's 8-week late session courses - register now! looking to accelerate your education and reach your goals faster? jefferson community college (jcc) offers 8-week late-session courses designed to help you earn credits in half the time of a tradition...     mason c. patnode named jcc athlete of the week freshman goalie, mason c. patnode, of the jefferson community college (jcc) hockey team was named jcc athlete of the week for the week ending february 9, 2025....     fall 2024 graduates jefferson community college (jcc) honored fall graduates at a senior send-off held on december 17, 2024. the graduating class comprises 92 students earning an associate in applied science (a.a.s.), as...     delaney a. wiley named jcc athlete of the week sophomore guard, delaney a. wiley, of the jefferson community college (jcc) women's basketball team was named jcc athlete of the week for the week ending february 2, 2025....  more newsnews



events

    (women's basketball) cayuga community college at jefferson community college 16 feb       (hockey) jefferson community college at lemoyne college 16 feb       (men's basketball) cayuga community college at jefferson community college 16 feb       beyond reality vr at the mall 18 feb       (women's basketball) onondaga community college at jefferson community college 19 feb   more eventsevents












library
bookstore
academic calendar
register for class
4-year degrees 
transcripts




give to jefferson
scholarships
careers at jefferson
maps and directions
webcam
applications & forms




foil requests
consumer info
privacy
accessibility
title ix
policies






facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube



1220 coffeen street, watertown, new york 13601888.435.6522 or 315.786.2200
leave us a comment or contact us for problems with the website. copyright © 2025 jefferson community college.

























 ©







