










home - eastern montgomery county chamber of commerce






















































  




















skip to content




























 
about us board of directors & staff directions testimonials women’s business network men’s business network emerging leadersjoinmember center member login benefits directory map hot deals job postingsevents calendar awards banquet golf outingcommittees committees non-profit initiative go-givers business networking group senior services inter-professional consortiumsbusiness resources starting a business business advisory team marketing opportunities








 







 














our goal is your success!














					join today				








					events				








					member directory				








					login				

























our mission











serving montgomery county and beyond…  the eastern montgomery county chamber has proudly served businesses and professionals throughout montgomery county for over 100 years. we promote and support the economic health of our members and the communities we serve.
we are… • connectors • leaders • innovators • mentors     • educators  • marketers • business builders • facilitators   • community partners - welcoming & friendly!  we serve businesses and professionals who live, work, do business, or want to do business in the region.











why choose the emccc











the emccc is a dynamic chamber offering well over fifty events a year with something for everyone.  no matter what your business, there’s a place for you:

small interactive networking groups
business expo
speed networking
network at noon programs
leadership development seminars
women’s business network programs
young professionals events
business after hours
not for profit workshops
business & community awards celebration
breakfasts with elected officials

businesses are attracted to the emccc because we take a personal interest in your growth and success.











 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 
















 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 












show up…  get involved… get business











the emccc is proud to offer members unique opportunities to connect and support one another ultimately leading to business growth.
join the emccc for opportunities to:

grow your business
grow your bottom line
make strong new professional connections by attending events and serving on committees
meet the businesses you want to work with & those that want to work with you!

the more you put in… the more you get out!































































mark your calendar
















































upcoming events
























new members
















community partners




















                                penn community bank                            












                                isolutions                            





next
previous







subscribe to our newsletter

















 












© 2025 eastern montgomery county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone















get in touch!















550 pinetown road, suite 236 | fort washington pa, 19034                










215.887.5122 










contact us 









about us












board of directors & staffwomen’s business networkmen’s business networkjoin today








member center












member loginbenefitsdirectorymaphot dealsjob postingsnewsjobs








socialize






























































 © 

 eastern montgomery county chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top

















