






 
citrus ii – hospital-strength germicidal cleaning products



























































skip to content



 



citrus ii
hospital-strength germicidal cleaning products

home productsgermicidal cleaners cpap mask cleaners spray air fresheners solid air fresheners  faq reviews where to buy 

search:











 
home productsgermicidal cleaners cpap mask cleaners spray air fresheners solid air fresheners  faq reviews where to buy 








epa-registeredhospital-strength germicidal cleanersnow available for your home!











the fresh approach to protecting your homestrong enough for hospitals, strong enough for your home


for over 20 years, the citrus ii® family of products has been keeping people safe & protected in hospitals, clinics, physician offices, nursing homes and home care settings around america. now, the same products that healthcare professionals have trusted for decades are available to you to protect your home and family against the coronavirus during these tough times.


now available at:




























































where to buycitrus ii® hospital germicidal deodorizing cleanerstrong enough for hospitals, strong enough for your home


epa-registered citrus ii® hospital germicidal deodorizing cleaner is designed as a tough-as-nails germ fighter. it’s a non-acid (safe on surfaces), ready-to-use cleaner and disinfectant with the added plus of a refreshing citrus or calming lavender scent. in other words, it really kicks butt and smells good too!


citrus ii® cpap mask cleanersa fresh clean mask every night


citrus ii® cpap mask cleaners and citrus ll cpap concentrated cleanser are formulated for the effective cleaning of all types of cpap and bipap masks, nasal pillows, nasal cannulas, o2 masks and accessories. the cleaners gently remove dirt, oils, and organic matter from masks and tubing, without deteriorating, or shortening, the life of your mask. designed for everyday use.


citrus ii® odor eliminating spray air freshenersthe fresh, natural approach to eliminating tough odors like the pros


citrus ii® spray air fresheners can transform a room, an entire building, and now your home, into a healthy, fresh smelling environment by eliminating foul odors on contact. with this unique air freshener, you can create a positive, relaxing and inviting atmosphere for patients, personnel and now your family & guests, naturally!


citrus ii® odor absorbing solid air freshenersif it’s tough enough for hospitals, it’s good for your home


using a unique formula that utilizes baking soda, citrus ii® solid air fresheners quickly absorb odors and freshen the air with a fresh lemon or calming lavender scent. provides hassle-free, continuous odor control that lasts up to 6-8 weeks.


what people are saying about citrus ii®!


“has a light scent, if you are sensitive to harsh smells. not overpowering! works really well!”




– paula k.






“happy to find a disinfectant that combats coronavirus at my store. makes cleaning and disinfecting easier when the room has a very pleasant, citrusy smell unlike the harsh smell of bleach.”




– judy d.






“kills germs, while not stinking up the house. great cleaner and disinfectant!”




– laura v.



explore the beaumont family of products
























































beaumont products, inc.1540 big shanty drive
kennesaw, ga 30144phone:  (800) 451-7096
fax:  (770) 514-7400the beaumont brands citrus magic
veggie wash
essentials by clearly natural
farmers’ market
trewax

 grease monkey wipes
bite me not!
hero clean
flavors

more informationproductsfaqreviewswhere to buycontact usingredients 







privacy policy | terms & conditions | secure website confirmation


copyright ®2025 beaumont products, inc. all rights reserved.








go to top

 















































