






wayne bethanis | world piano artist, international recording artist, piano composer, chart topping piano artist

























 










home
about
projects
recordings
buy sheet music
contact
 


select page


  
 
 










wayne bethanis
#1 piano recording artist | composer | media personality

followfollowfollowfollow







breaking news!







wayne’s album “listen” is declared #1 new age album of 2024 by the new age music guide!
























wayne is nominated for nine new age music awards, taking home “best classical crossover song” for his smash hit orville & wilbur (the right to fly)

find "orville & wilbur" on spotify







big news! wayne signs publishing and distribution deal with ultra jive a-train entertainment!  thanks for the warm welcome!














official video



wayne’s latest single the bexley bop! from his soon-to-be-released new album! try to not dance to this one!!!!







wayne’s – listen

wayne’s new album listen. is currently the #1 new age album in the world! listen has also been awarded several nomination for album of the year, taking the silver medal at the one world music awards, and piano album of the year from the 2023 international grand prix music awards.
listen has been at #1 for a total of four months so far on charts around the world. wayne says, “i am thrilled! piano album of the year at the international grand prix music awards from namp!
i had a wonderful, magical time making this album, filled with mystical uncertainty and deep artistic growth.”

followfollowfollowfollow






















































concert tours


u.s., mainland china, hong kong, japan, central america
wayne bethanis was the first performer granted permission to play on a frank lloyd wright property.
wayne bethanis was the first to perform an all-beethoven concert for the deaf to a standing ovation at gallaudet university

career highlights:

wayne’s albums and singles have spent more the 100 weeks at #1 worldwide.
wayne bethanis won the native american music award in 2020 for his composition return of the cherokee
wayne bethanis interviewed holocaust survivor robert clary on the wayne bethanis tv show receiving international acclaim and archiving at museums and libraries around the world, including the holocaust museum, tel aviv see projects.
wayne bethanis’s song pure heaven featured prominently on the #1 album a new beginning, benefiting doctors without borders
wayne bethanis’s song an american hymn is played widely at american celebrations, memorials and inaugurations.
many more career highlights.








charts

listen:
worldwide #1including new age music chart & world album chart

measures of light:
#1 new age music chart (10 weeks)#2 one world music chart

hero’s lullaby:
#9 one world music chart



remember the rain:
itunes-apple music: top ten (usa, germany, india, russia)#3 one world music chart

singles:
at least 12 top ten singles worldwide, including the #1 sunshine dna

tender years:
the latest single from listen is the beautiful melodic ballad tender years which has reached #4 on the new age music charts!





























news

wayne has recently appeared in several feature articles, including the cover of the los angeles downtown news! his iconic cover photo has become legendary for the magazine!





















read





read





in addition to being available on all music platforms, wayne’s breathtaking music is now available on band camp, with fun pics and bio! check it out! 

read







media clippings































quotes

”if you are buying any music this year, make it wayne bethanis.”
– 2021 steve sheppart, bbc

”[wayne bethanis creates] the most confident, engaging piano music out there. breathtaking piano music for a new generations”
– paul santisi, music mastermind

“wayne’s work is a milestone in new age music history”
– bt fasmer, new age music guide

“wayne bethanis is #1 in my book”
– david lanz, piano legend

“exquisitely gorgeous, authentic in every note”
– retailing insight magazine

“wayne bethanis is a new age pioneer”
– christina fuoco, la downtown news, rolling stone



 








2023 | wayne bethanis - design by ab 


















