


mechanical & industrial engineering | umass lowell

















skip to main content

umass lowell alert: winter storm expected saturday evening through sunday. please refer to parking instructions on the storm information page. 








            visit                        



            a-z directory                        



            alumni                        



            myuml                        



            request info                        



            make a gift                        



search





















menu



            youbook                        



            about                        



            academics                        



            research                        



            admissions & aid                        



            student life                        



            athletics                        












home

francis college of engineering



mechanical & industrial engineering
















committed to providing students with the highest-quality learning relevant to the needs of industry & society. 




mechanical & industrial engineering


francis college of engineering 


about the department


programs of study


faculty & staff


current students


prospective students


co-op education


research


energy at umass lowell


contact
 









in the high-tech hub of northeastern massachusetts, students in the department of mechanical & industrial engineering at the francis college of engineering can earn a b.s.e. in mechanical engineering or a b.s.e. in industrial engineering, as well as minors, graduate degrees and certificates. see all our programs.industrial engineeringindustrial engineering is one of the most versatile engineering degrees. it equips students with the skills to design, improve, and implement integrated systems involving people, materials, information, equipment, and energy, optimizing efficiency and productivity across various industries.mechanical engineeringmechanical engineering is one of the most diverse engineering degrees. mechanical engineers: design, simulate, build and test numerous machines, devices and sensor systems, are problem solvers and tackle challenges, develop new power and autonomous systems and advanced composite materials, and find new methods of enhancing productivity and quality in manufacturing.the bachelor of science in engineering (mechanical engineering) program is accredited by the engineering accreditation commission of abet under the commission’s general criteria and program criteria for mechanical engineering. 







news



                            more news 













researchers developing automated inspection to detect wind turbine blade damage


1/31/2025
friday, january 31, 2025
featured story











why year-end recaps like ‘spotify wrapped’ strike a chord 


11/19/2024
tuesday, november 19, 2024
featured story











navy awards uml $2m to grow industrial and manufacturing engineering workforce


9/11/2024
wednesday, september 11, 2024
featured story











workforce development program advances students’ skills in 3d printing


7/29/2024
monday, july 29, 2024
featured story














programs offered









mechanical engineering bse










industrial engineering bse










combined bse/mse










master's programs










doctoral programs










co-op education















quick links














request information















apply















check application status















visit
















tiktok




facebook




twitter




youtube




instagram




linkedin








menu



            youbook                        



            about                        



            academics                        



            research                        



            admissions & aid                        



            student life                        



            athletics                        












department of mechanical & industrial engineering
umass lowell

dandeneau hall 214

one university avenue, lowell, ma 01854

978-934-2950 | contact usterms of use and privacy policyaccessibility statement







this browser is not supported
for an optimum web experience we recommend the latest version of firefox, chrome, edge, or safari. please use one of the links below to install a supported browser.


firefox


chrome


dismiss





