     777 casino blog - pro gambling tips for better casino gaming & sports betting    skip to main content777 casino blogpro gambling tips for better casino gaming & sports bettingskip to contenthomebettingcasino fruit boxes online slot game with bonus features march 2, 2023 charles lemonscasino no comments   fruit boxes by isoftbet is a fun and colourful online slot game. you must help your monkey chum to sort out his fruit boxes. as you arrange them in groups of three or more you win cash prizes up to 5000x your line wager. continue reading → free bets for kiwis – claim free bets offers! march 2, 2023 charles lemonsbetting no comments   punters from new zealand have the opportunity to make use of a wide variety of online and land based betting outlets. continue reading → jungle bucks online video slot review and tips august 25, 2022 charles lemonscasino no comments   jungle bucks is a popular 5 reel, 20 payline progressive video slot game powered by inspired gaming. it comes as no surprise that the game itself has a jungle theme and features a number of african animals including a lion, a zebra and an elephant. the backdrop to the game is a view of the thick jungle undergrowth. the reels themselves are made to look as if they have been constructed out of bamboo with chameleons crawling over the frame during live play. the high quality graphics, animation and xylophone background track work together to create a fun an immersive slot experience. continue reading → a detailed review of butterflies slot game august 25, 2022 charles lemonscasino no comments   the butterflies slot game is created by next gen and features a delightful theme based around two butterflies, both of which have been anthropomorphised for maximum cuteness. its clear that a lot of effort has gone into these characters, but the butterflies slot game is starting to show its age a little, and the graphics may not stand up to the high quality of more recent slot games. continue reading → best online casino gambling for philippines august 25, 2022 charles lemonscasino no comments   in order for philippine players to get the best online casino gambling experience they must make sure that they only ever play at the best recommended philippine friendly casino sites. these best online casino gambling sites are recommended because they are proven to be the safest and the most trusted around. continue reading → the big catch video slots game review august 25, 2022 charles lemonscasino no comments   big catch is a video slots game by novomatic. it features an underwater theme with an emphasis on a cartoon feel, offering players bright and bold colours and a fun gaming experience. the background is blue and features underwater plant life. the symbols also match the theme, and these include symbols such as air bubbles and sponges, starfish, and an anchor. these symbols are in addition to the standard poker value playing cards. continue reading → ways to improve your blackjack games ? august 25, 2022 charles lemonscasino no comments   blackjack is a widely known gambling game that is quite popular on many tournaments and regular casino floor as well, what makes it so appealing is the amount of skill that is required from the players in decision making as well as the big influence of luck and techniques that can determine the outcome of any game and the fortune, or rather misfortune of other players. there is the saying that practice makes perfect, and that is true, therefore it should be applied to all areas of life aside from gambling games, however, with that in mind, why not use those skills in order to further develop your skills that can turn up a larger profit in the future and make it all worth your while? continue reading → why election betting is getting popular november 26, 2020 charles lemonsbetting no comments   since 2016, betting on the outcome of elections has become increasingly popular. and with all the intrigue and strategy that surrounds elections and politics, it’s no surprise that betting on these events has become popular. continue reading → what is exchange betting? november 26, 2020 charles lemonsbetting no comments   exchange betting works very much like the stock exchange. instead of share prices which are listed on big electronic boards, there are lists of available bets which are displayed. you then have the opportunity to back one or many of the bets or bet against them. this type of betting arose in the early 2000s as a response to the complaint of unfair odds at standard sportsbooks. continue reading → the pros of betting on the favourites november 26, 2020 charles lemonsbetting no comments   when it comes to sports betting, there can often be a fair bit of debate as to whether or not betting on your favourite sports team to win is a smart choice. many people believe that betting on the underdog is more likely to yield greater wins. continue reading →posts pagination1 2 3 … 11 next   search for:    recent posts fruit boxes online slot game with bonus features free bets for kiwis – claim free bets offers! jungle bucks online video slot review and tips a detailed review of butterflies slot game best online casino gambling for philippines the big catch video slots game review ways to improve your blackjack games ? why election betting is getting popular what is exchange betting? the pros of betting on the favourites nfl betting tips find the best sports betting odds online how financial betting works how to bet on virtual tennis android or apple – which is better for casinos?explore the best online casino & sports betting sites for fair & safe online gamblingplay pokies at lucky nugget casino online in new zealand and you can get started here today!get the lowdown on how to win pokies at trusted casinos in australia with this expert guide!your ultimate online pokies nz casino experience is ready and waiting for you at these top gambling sites offering fair play and a range of the best slots games for kiwi gamblers on mobile now.get the best odds and tips at betway new zealand for the greatest sports betting online for kiwi punters seeking trusted sites and great betting markets.get access to the best caulfield cup tips online at these leading sportsbooks in australia today – sign up now and you could win big.more epic gambling sites in south americatragamonedas peruapuestas deportivas peruapuestas deportivas colombiaapuestas de futbol chiletragamonedas chilecasino en linea chile  copyright 777 casino blog 2025     menu navigationhomebettingcasino   search for:     
