 lafayette parish assessor
              toggle navigation           about  tax estimator  forms/downloads  business personal property search  map search                                              here to serve 
here to help
 
providing fair and accurate valuations for the taxpayers of lafayette
        parish
   
thank you for subscribing, please check your inbox to confirm your e-mail address
        stay updated                           ← →                     tax estimator →   figure out how much property tax might be on a property based on its fair market value       property search & maps →   find assessment information on specific properties       homestead exemptions →   how to determine eligibility and claim your homestead exemption       special assessment programs →   determine if you're eligible for property tax relief designed for certain residents           lafayette parish by the numbers          total parcels of property 110k+   total property tax roll $2.8bn+   residents 250k+             
homestead exemptions
 
the state constitution allows a homestead, consisting of a tract of land or two or more tracts of land with a residence on one tract and a field on the other tract or tracts, not exceeding 160 acres, owned and occupied by a person, or persons owning the property in “indivision”, to be exempt from state, parish, and special ad valorem taxes to the extent of $7,500 of the assessed valuation. ownership “indivision” means that the property is owned by two or more persons and, in the absence of other provisions of law or juridical act, the shares of all co-owners are presumed to be equal.

the homestead exemption is permanent (as long as you reside on and own the property) and for a maximum exemption of $7,500 of the assessed value of the property. the exemption amount of $7,500 equates to a market value of $75,000, meaning that the homeowner does not pay taxes on the first $75,000 of a home’s market value. the exemption will only apply to the home where the owner resides. if a second house or commercial building is present on the property, the exemption is not placed on the second house/commercial building or the amount of land used for the second house/commercial building. the exemption will, however, apply to the owner’s swimming pool, outdoor kitchen, pool house, storage building, etc.
            
special assessment programs
 agricultural property 
if your property is used for agricultural purposes, you may qualify for a special assessment level based on the use value rather than market value.
        in order to qualify, your property must be at least three (3) acres in size or have produced at least $2,000 annual gross income for the preceeding four (4) years.
 assessed value freeze 
the property value freeze program enables certain people to "freeze" the
        assessed value of their homes at the january 1, 2025 value. in other
        words, if your home in lafayette parish was valued at $100,000 as of
        january 1, 2025, the value of your home will be frozen until the home is
        sold or remodeled. in the event the property is sold, the special
        assessment level shall terminate on the last day of december in the year
        prior to the year the property sold. values are subject to review before
        granting freeze.

this does not mean that your taxes are frozen. taxes paid will not be
        frozen because taxes are calculated by multiplying the taxable assessed
        value by the millage rate. although the taxable assessed value will not
        change, the millage rate may change from year to year.
  download the special assessment level application and return it to our office.  please note the freeze applies only to land and buildings eligible for a homestead exemption   
in order to qualify, you must meet one of the following criteria:
 permanently, totally disabled as determined by a court, state or federal agency a totally or partially disabled veteran with a service connected disability (50% or more as determined by the veterans administration) be 65 years or older   and  
you must meet all of the following criteria:
 claim a homestead exemption on the property whose value is being frozen have an adjusted gross income (line 11 on irs form 1040) of $100,000 or less          
contact us
 
have questions or want to discuss your assessment?  please reach out or make an appointment to speak with one of our deputies to review 
          how we arrived at the valuation of your property.  we're here to help!
    
fill in the form below
        first name    last name        email     phone number    details      send message   
we'll get back to you within one business day.
                      
schedule an appointment
  
schedule time in advance to speak with one of our deputies in-person or over the phone about your assessment.
    
online appointments
           
visit our office
  
we're open monday - thursday 8:00 am to 4:30 pm and friday 8:00 am to 11:00 am
 lafayette parish assessor 213 west vermilion st lafayette, la 70501   
directions            
contact us by email or phone
 
the deputy assessors in our information department will be happy to help get the answers you need
    
(337) 291-7080
 
info@lafayetteassessor.com
            
how can we help you?
 answers to the questions we get the most       
what does the lafayette parish assessor's office do?
    
the lafayette parish assessor is responsible for identifying,
            locating, and fairly valuing all property, both real and personal,
            within the parish. the "market" value of real property is based on
            the current real estate market. determining a fair value is the
            primary role of our office in the taxing process. to arrive at the
            market value of your property, our office staff evaluates various
            factors about your property and reviews sales of other similar,
            nearby properties.
  
the assessor does not create the fair market value. this value is
            established through the buying and selling of real estate in the
            marketplace. the assessor has the responsibility to study those
            transactions and assess your property accordingly.
  
the assessor also tracks ownership changes; maintains maps of parcel
            boundaries; keeps descriptions of buildings and property
            characteristics; accepts and approves applications from individuals
            and businesses eligible for exemptions and other forms of property
            tax relief; and analyzes trends in property sales prices,
            construction costs, and rents to arrive at the fair market value.
  
we have implemented a state-of-the-art computer assisted mass
            appraisal (cama) program. this system provides our office the tools
            needed to more efficiently and effectively arrive at the fair market
            value of properties.
  
in addition, we now have a geographic information system (gis)
            parcel base map to provide detailed and up-to-date property
            ownership maps. this information is used for field inspections, to
            analyze property data and give our staff another tool for comparing
            similar properties.
     
how is property assessed?
    
assessors are mandated by state law to reassess property at least
            every four years. however, individual property values may be
            adjusted yearly in light of sales activity or other factors
            affecting real estate values. sales of similar properties provide an
            indicator of values in the real estate market.
  
to determine the value of your property, our staff must first know
            what properties have sold and at what price. we accomplish this by
            maintaining a database of real estate information. transactions are
            studied to determine if the sale of property was between a willing
            seller and a willing buyer, without any undue pressure or special
            incentives (such as family relationships), and that the property was
            on the market for neither an excessive nor short period of time. we
            can then arrive at a fair market value of a property by comparing
            sales of similar properties. this is referred to as the sales
            comparison approach to valuation.
  
two other methods are used to appraise property - the cost approach
            and the income approach. the cost approach is based on how much it
            would cost today to build an almost identical structure on the
            property. if your structure is not new, the assessor must determine
            how much value the building has lost over time. the assessor must
            also arrive at a value for the land itself - without buildings or
            any improvements.
  
the income approach is the third way to evaluate property - usually
            commercial property. it requires a study of how much revenue your
            property would produce if it were rented as an apartment house, a
            store, an office building and so on. the appraiser should consider
            operating expenses, insurance, maintenance costs, and the return or
            profit most people would expect on your kind of property.
    
why is property taxed?
    
lafayette parish property taxes provide the funds our local governments need to provide essential services - like educating our children, protecting us from crime and providing good roads to travel on. without property taxes, many of the services provided by local government would not be available.
  
the assessor has very little to do with the amount of taxes you pay. the assessor's primary responsibility is to find the fair market value of your property. then the taxing authorities (city-parish, school board, sheriff, and others) decide your tax rate, depending on what is needed to provide all the services you enjoy. the amount of taxes you pay is determined by this tax rate applied to your property's assessed value.
    
can i get a tax exemption?
    
several types of exemptions are available. the type of exemption benefiting the largest number of property-owners is the homestead exemption. if you own property that you reside in, you may apply for homestead exemption. this will reduce the taxable value of your home by up to $75,000, resulting in substantial savings on your property taxes.
    
what if i think the assessed value of my property is incorrect?
    
if you think the taxable value on your property is not correct, you are encouraged to contact the lafayette parish assessor's office to speak with a deputy assessor. the deputy assessor can tell you the information that was used to determine your property's value.  the deputy assessor will ask you to present your evidence in support of your petition. in order to receive a reduction in appraised value, you must prove that the parish's assessment of your property exceeded market value and explain why. no further action is required on your part if you accept the deputy assessor's decision on your petition. but, if you disagree with that decision and wish to continue to contest the value, you may file an appeal with the lafayette consolidated council during the appeal hearing process in september. the dates of these hearings will be established by the council in august. the council will review the material you present in support of your petition and the information used by the assessor's office. the council will rule on your appeal at the hearing. if you disagree with the council's findings, you may file an appeal with the louisiana tax commission. all decisions by the tax commission are final unless appealed to the district court within thirty days.
    
can't find your answer here?
    
you can contact our office and one of our deputy assessors will be happy to get the answers you need.
  
please see our contact page to find the different ways to get in touch.
           