     chevrolet dealer in clio, mi | used cars clio | simms chevrolet                                                                       simms chevrolet             sales 810-368-2254    service 866-560-9491  parts 866-630-5711      4220 w vienna rdclio, mi 48420                                                  service        map        contact                         simms chevrolet                     call 810-368-2254   directions                      new   search inventory   new chevy trucks   new chevy suv   test drive chevy ev   schedule test drive   find my car   model research   shop click drive    my chevrolet rewards     pre-owned   search inventory   pre-owned trucks   pre-owned suv   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   find my car     specials   new specials   new ev specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   chevrolet special offers     service & parts   schedule service    service department   service & parts specials   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   tire finder   order parts   parts warranty   order parts online   gm accessories   simms body shop     chevrolet accessories   finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-approved instantly    quick quote   chevrolet protection     about   about   careers   meet our staff   gm employee purchase plan faq   gm business choice faq    gm supplier discount faq   gm college discount faq    gm military discount faq    gm credit union discount faq   onstar assistance	   simms chevy cares   career technician   chevy accessibility     contact   dealer information   hours & directions                      home   new   search inventory   new chevy trucks   new chevy suv   test drive chevy ev   schedule test drive   find my car   model research   shop click drive    my chevrolet rewards     pre-owned   search inventory   pre-owned trucks   pre-owned suv   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   find my car     specials   new specials   new ev specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   chevrolet special offers     service & parts   schedule service    service department   service & parts specials   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   tire finder   order parts   parts warranty   order parts online   gm accessories   simms body shop     chevrolet accessories   finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-approved instantly    quick quote   chevrolet protection     about   about   careers   meet our staff   gm employee purchase plan faq   gm business choice faq    gm supplier discount faq   gm college discount faq    gm military discount faq    gm credit union discount faq   onstar assistance	   simms chevy cares   career technician   chevy accessibility     contact   dealer information   hours & directions               


      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                 


simms chevrolet serving the community of clio, mi 

        filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       



      search new inventory     search used inventory        shopping tools






easy financing
get pre-approved








quality service
schedule service








service offers
view offers



         view our lineup    suvs  |  trucks  |  cars          malibu      camaro      corvette          trax      equinox      trailblazer      blazer      traverse      tahoe      suburban          colorado      silverado 1500      silverado 2500hd      silverado 3500hd      express             


schedule test drive
get behind the wheel and book your next test drive.
schedule test drive




certified pre-owned
browse our inventory of certified pre-owned vehicles.
search certified

      



chevy trucks
featuring high-strength steel, fully boxed frames and innovative cargo beds, they're the family of the most-dependable, longest-lasting full-size pickups on the road. choose the truck that best meets your needs.


new trucks


used trucks






       

quality service
certified service experts can help
chevy vehicles are built to last, but even they need maintenance every now and then. fortunately, our service center makes maintenance easier than ever, whether you're looking for a simple oil change or something more complex like an engine mount replacement. all of our technicians are gm-certified and hold all the required state certifications, so you can always count on the quick, quality service you deserve.
schedule service

     



simms chevrolet
welcome to simms chevrolet! we're your no. 1 source for premium chevrolet vehicles in the flint , grand blanc, flint , and saginaw, michigan, areas. founded in 1957, we've been dedicated to providing our local community with the exceptional service and quality vehicles they deserve. take a look around our site to discover all the benefits you can enjoy when you come to us for your automotive needs. 
more about us



     







    sales hours         monday 8:30am - 6:00pm    tuesday 8:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 6:00pm    friday 8:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 10:00am - 3:00pm     sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday closed     sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday closed     sunday closed        







follow


                                      




     simms chevrolet: dedication and service for over 60 years
we strive to provide the ultimate dealership experience when you shop with us. from the moment you walk through our doors, you'll notice the difference that our friendly team members can make. you don't have to worry when you shop here, as we take a transparent, customer-centric approach to the car-buying process. feel free to check out our site or call us at 810-686-1700 to learn more.


why shop here?
along with our quality vehicles and exceptional service, you'll find quite a few additional benefits when you come to us for your automotive needs. when you do business with us, you're also benefiting the charities and organizations we work with. we're happy to partner with toys for tots and catholic charities as a way to give back to the community that has already given so much to us. additionally, we were fortunate enough to be awarded the gm mark of excellence.
we're also happy to offer numerous services that could come in handy. you'll find a wide selection of tires and parts here, along with specials and coupons that are ever-changing. be sure to check back frequently, as we may have a new special that works perfectly for what you happen to need at the time. to get started on your journey finding the ultimate vehicle, head to simms chevrolet.


quality vehicles
there's no better place to find quality vehicles than right here at our dealership. you'll find all the latest and greatest from the chevy lineup including the silverado, equinox, trax, blazer, and traverse. we like to keep a wide variety of vehicles available so everyone who walks through our door can find something that works for their unique needs.
one of the best ways to learn what we have to offer is to take a tour of our lot. fortunately, you don't have to even leave your house to get a detailed look at our inventory. we've crafted a comprehensive online database of all our vehicles that you can access right here on our site. the information is constantly updated, and it includes both our new and pre-owned selection. search filters are available as well that let you narrow down your results to include only the vehicles that fit your specifications.

                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | simms chevrolet | 4220 w vienna rd, clio, mi 48420 | sales: 810-368-2254              

















         
           