


















home | onondaga community college





















      skip to main content
    















menu





students


employees




toggle search





search this site



















home








  welcome to our open housersvp today! start here, go anywhere.apply to occ today!  


























 
 















choose your degree

choose your degree

direct-to-career programstransfer degreesneed help?   




or explore our programs

or explore our programs



 

art, communication, business & entrepreneurship


 

health, wellness & human services


 

liberal arts & sciences


 

technology, engineering & computing









ready to apply?

ready to apply?

apply for admissiontuition + financial aidapply for housingregister for classesevents & schedule a visit


















 




commencement


congrats grads!!! 🎓all of us here at occ are so proud of you!!! watch the december 2024 ceremony on occ’s live events youtube page.









 




onondaga community connect


go-to website for all things happening on campus!onondaga community connect is a great tool for you to check out events, join a student club, or connect with college departments.









 




occ counseling center


we're here for youwe provide short-term, solution-focused counseling for students. give us a call at (315) 498-2675 or stop in to make an appointment!

















 



save thousands of d


save thousands by starting at occ.




find out how







 





free services in class and beyond.




get the support you need!







 





you belong. we are one occ.




you’ll fit right in










student success stories


more student stories



    success stories








 




student spotlight: natalee tomski









 




student spotlight: bianca gascon









 




student spotlight: susanna southwick









more student stories








 
280-acre campus
what do you get when you combine 7 academic buildings, updated fields and facilities all nestled over a gorge? occ's scenic campus that overlooks syracuse & onondaga lake. there's always something to do!
sign up for a campus tour! or take a virtual tour!

 



 
4 spacious residence hallsliving on campus means suite-style living, easy access to classrooms and dining, and special reslife activities. play games, get your mail, and even apply to be an ra!see for yourself!
 



 
student life
get the grades and get connected on campus. with over 15+ student clubs, championship-winning sports teams, and plenty of student support services, there will always be a place for you to fit in. 
lazers athletics s.o.l.e.

 



 
occ partners with micronit's easier to land a job when you have hands-on experience. that's why we are constantly investing in our facilities to give you the chance to practice on industry-standard equipment. keep an eye out for our brand-new clean room being built!partnering with micron
 




280-acre campus4 spacious residence hallsstudent lifemicron partnership

pause








        community resources
       









community education


sat prep, notary public, personal enrichment, drone safety, security guard training, handgun safety training and more!









coulter library


books, music, video, resources, and more. open to the public.









corporate college


skill up your workforce with these educational opportunities.









early college programs


get a head start on your degree while still in high school.









occ foundation


making a direct impact on students and the community.









public safety training center


fire & ems training from professionals in the field.









small business development center


advice, resources, workshops, and tools to assist with your business.









southwest ymca


conveniently located right on main campus.









src arena & events center


see all the area’s biggest and most entertaining events!









occ bookstore


a division of barnes & noble. textbooks, school supplies, occ apparel, and more! 









resources for guidance counselors


helping you from pre-admission to registration, so you can support your students with confidence. 











 








onondagalazers.com





 



20


mens & womens teams








 



7


state-of-the-art facilities








 



17x


njcaa champions












latest news


more news



    news








 




research opportunities change course of student's academic path









 




haji adan '12 joins occ's board of trustees









 




student spotlight: natalee tomski









more news


















college info

about the collegeboard of trustees employment opportunities maps & directionsstaff directory

main campus
4585 west seneca turnpike
syracuse, ny 13215
(315) 498-2622 occinfo@sunyocc.edu


occ @ liverpool
8015 oswego rd
liverpool, ny 13090
(315) 498-6080 occliverpool@sunyocc.edu

for the media
 


facebook
instagram
youtube
twitter
tiktok




policies
consumer infonotice of non-discriminationstatement on equitytitle ixweb accessibilitycentralized policy manual
 






get started


tuition & financial aid


request info


schedule a visit


apply for admission


apply for housing


register for classes












students


employees








