



   
     best uk hosting | cloud & web hosting from jolt.co.uk          

contact ussign uplog in

web hosting


wordpress hosting


reseller hosting


domains


ssl


servers







about us





bare metaldedicated serverscloud serverscloud serversmagento cloud hostingshopware hostingcompanywhy choose jolt?green hostingweb hosting awardscontact usaffiliatesweb hostingthe uk's best web hosting service





there’s a reason we’re number one in the country for our web hosting services. join the hundreds of happy customers who have given us five-star ratings over the past two decades.get startedabout jolt
 web hostingfrom£3.95/mowe use wordpress, woocommerce, and a wide range of other content management systems to provide peak performance hosting at affordable prices.instantly set up a free domain with cpanel, and let our uk-based cloud servers handle everything else.try 3 months for freereseller hostingfrom£13.50/mowhether you’re starting your own hosting business or you’re a web designer looking to expand your offerings, jolt makes reseller hosting simple.all software is included, and you can instantly set up your whm and whmcs with cpanel. data is stored in our secure uk data centre, and our team offer 24/7 support.try a month on uscloud vps hostingfrom£9.95/moour virtual private server (vps) hosting plans use 100% solid state drives (ssd) for storage at our uk data centres.powered by our own cloud, with xeon cpus and root access, our cloud vps hosting is flexible, adaptable, and easy to scale.see plansdedicated serversfrom£43/moyou choose the specifications and the operating system, and we’ll manage your fully dedicated hardware. jolt even offers free migration from other providers.we use top quality dell/supermicro bare metal hardware to guarantee 99.99%+ network uptime, making service disruption downtime a thing of the past.see plansthe hostess with the mostestfriendly assistance, available 24/7in an era of app updates, software bugs, and server errors, very few web hosting companies can safely say: “our cloud services just work”.it turns out, these technical issues are not inevitabilities. they’re not just a part of life, and you don’t simply have to accept them. at jolt, we take the most innovative software and combine it with technologically superior hardware. the result is an advanced system, built into our cloud, that offers optimal performance and enhanced reliability.our clients can rest assured knowing that their risk of downtime has been dramatically reduced. for anything else, a friendly team of tech-savvy experts is only a few clicks away, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. talk to us now and see for yourself!
a rapid response when you need it mostno queues, no delays, no “we’ll get back to you in three working days”. if you need help, our tech wizards are right there with you within the hour. on average, whether it’s mid-afternoon or the middle of the night, we respond within 30 seconds via live support, or in under 30 minutes via our helpdesk service.our highly qualified, 100% in-house team are happy to help with any question you might have – big or small. we’re there with you every step of the way as you develop your websites. many of our most successful clients approach us as partners, so make sure you give us a call and take full advantage of our team’s expertise.
forward-thinking payment with bitcoin, amex, and moreas an innovative tech firm, we’re always ahead of the curve when it comes to implementing new technologies. we were one of the first firms to facilitate cryptocurrency payments, and all bitcoin payments are handled by our secure uk-based servers. we also proudly accept american express, meaning you can obtain premium web hosting solutions and rack up some points at the same time!we accept direct debit payments, paypal, and most credit and debit cards. if you have a preferred payment method, then the chances are that we already support it. if we don’t, then get in touch and we’ll always try to accommodate new methods… within reason!
99.99%+ network & cloud uptimeour pre-emptive approach to network troubleshooting means that we reliably deliver 99.99%+ uptime month-in, month-out. for 2021, our uptime was 100%. our team of experts work around the clock to monitor our services and catch issues quickly before they become problems for our clients.the network and server hardware that powers our cloud and facilitates our hosting is the best in its class. our network has ddos protection and resilience built in. with top quality hardware and innovative software, reinforced by a team of well-trained professionals, it’s really no wonder we’re the uk’s top choice for web hosting.
with over 100 five-star reviews, the results speak for themselves.get starteddon’t just take our word for it.take a look at our testimonials:i was using bluehost prior to jolt and was experiencing incredibly slow website load speeds. i swapped to jolt and have seen a huge speed increase, especially on mobile phones. it will have certainly made a difference to my traffic and seo.oliver wheatley www.wheatleysofyorkshire.comjolt offers the best quality/price ratio on the market, i find. it can be expensive to hire the services of a system administrator to monitor your dedicated server. jolt allows you to do without it, while offering hosting with high traffic capacity and excellent customer service; at any time of the day and night it is possible to chat with one of their agents to resolve a problem. it really is a big advantage!martine bertrand www.stouring.comwe moved to jolt because of constant down time and other issues with our previous host. we saw you advertised on facebook, liked what we saw, made the move and have never regretted it! i trust you and have peace of mind, which is vital when looking after a variety of customers on a reseller package.kris thain www.freewheelin.co.ukuk based hosting you can trustnewcustomersare you ready to begin your jolt journey? choose the uk’s leading hosting platform to get your website off to a flying start. with our dedicated team by your side, we’ll provide the support you need to allow your site and your business to thrive.at jolt, we treat our customers as business partners, and our team are just as invested in your success as you are. our service is completely reliable, boasting a consistent uptime rate of 99.99% or higher. our high-performance servers keep all your data secure, and our customer service team is on hand 24/7 if you need any assistance.whether you’re interested in shared hosting, reseller hosting, or wordpress hosting, we have the perfect package to power your business. the best part? our packages are completely scalable, meaning we can adjust to accommodate your growth over the years.transferringcustomerslooking to upgrade from your current web hosting provider? around 50% of jolt’s new sign-ups transfer their hosting from other hosts. time is of the essence when it comes to efficient hosting transfers, and our experts make it quick and seamless.transfer customers migrate to jolt every day from a range of uk hosting providers, including heart, tso, and many more. most of our transfers are scheduled overnight to minimise downtime, and our 24/7 support team are on the other end of the phone to keep you updated every step of the way.

your website, your forum, your data, and all of your emails can be quickly transferred to our secure cloud servers with minimal disruption. shared hosting, reseller hosting, or wordpress hosting – whatever your requirements, we’re ready when you are.premium hosting servicesfriendly, fast and reliable.it’s simple. faster-performing websites rank more highly on google. your site speed can mean the difference between ranking on the first page of google or the twenty-first. and, as we all know, nobody really looks beyond the first few pages.downtime also costs you search engine rankings, sales, visitor trust, and more. we’ve engineered our platform to deliver exceptional reliability to ensure these risks are no longer a concern.don’t settle for second best.choose jolt.thousands of small uk businesses and webmasters have joined jolt. they rely on us to prioritise their uptime, optimise their performance, and provide friendly support. and they stay with us because we consistently deliver across the board.there’s a reason we’re the uk’s favourite for web hosting services. reach out to our team today to see how we could help scale up your site processes.choose the best web hosting in the uk from joltget started now



 live chat 
sign
up
log
in
hostingweb hostingbusiness hostingreseller hostingcloud vps



vps on cloudmagento cloudshopware clouddedicated servers
other servicesmigrate from tsohostssl certificatesdomain nameswordpress hostingsmf forum hosting
companywhy choose jolt?about usgreen hostingweb hosting awardscontact usaffiliates
legalacceptable usage policyterms of serviceprivacy policygdpr hostingjolt blog
© 2025 jolt, a freethought group company encompassing jolt, freethought internet, and freethought services. jolt is a trading name of host lincoln limited (06111631) registered in england and wales at unit 5, oak house, witham park, waterside south, lincoln, ln5 7fb. freethought® and the freethought face are registered trademarks.





               

