









instantiations – custom software development






































skip to content

  	you're using an "internet explorer" web browser that's no longer supported.
    this website will not function correctly when using when using internet explorer,
    so please upgrade to a modern web browser, like edge, chrome, or firefox.
    



vast platform

overview
what's new
features
add-ons
support plans
pricing
version history
product roadmap
visualage to vast
vast community hub
vast community forum
vast support portal
▸ documentation
▸ faq
▸ get support
▸ licensed downloads
▸ download trial
▸ ecap


fintech

overview
fintech support portal


services

overview
custom development
consulting & training
internet of things (iot)
open source development


news
company

about
history
management team
partners


contact






search


constant refinement.continuing progress.since 1988, we’ve been building and maintaining custom software solutions for the diverse and evolutionary needs of global businesses.learn more



trusted by top organizationsaround the worldfrom individual developers to large enterprise development teams, instantiations' software and services have helped to maintain and improve mission-critical systems used by hundreds of businesses in dozens of countries.






                    "instantiations has always proven to be a helpful, reliable partner in solving our problems or those of our customers. they always look for the best solution to satisfy both technical and business needs." 


                        joachim tuchel                    

                            founder, objektfabrik                        









                    “instantiations is as committed to our success as we are.” 


                        adriaan van os                    

                            developer, ohra                        



making an impact in software developmentwhether it’s development tooling for the smalltalk or java® communities, or new ventures into dart™, flutter™, and toit, instantiations has a history of making its mark in software engineering.



design it. build it. deploy it.create object-oriented software that's stable, easy to maintain, and deploys smoothly — all from the same comprehensive development environment.since its release in 2005, the vast platform (va smalltalk) has built upon the foundation provided by ibm® visualage® smalltalk and has continued to grow in power and flexibility through ongoing research and development.from traditional servers, to cloud services, and iot (internet of things) devices, vast can be deployed across multiple operating systems, processor architectures, and hardware configurations.overviewdownload trialaugment your teamget help hitting your next deadline or solving a set of tough issues. whatever tasks need completion, our engineering team will help you reach your software development goals.learn morego beyond open sourcewhen your needs cannot be met by open source software, a custom solution is the best option. we build software to your exact needs and specifications, and we can fully support it after it's completed.learn moreknowledge on-demandkeep pace with constantly evolving software development standards and approaches. we offer consulting, on-site and remote training, seminars,  and continuing education for you (or your team) to keep up-to-date.learn moretogether, we can build something great.get started© instantiations, inc. all rights reserved. 'instantiations' and the 'intersecting circle design' are registered trademarks of instantiations, inc. in the united states. all product names, trademarks, and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners. company, product, and service names not owned by instantiations are used for identification purposes only. use of these names, trademarks, and brands does not imply endorsement.subscribe
contact
privacy policy








vast platform
fintech
services
news
company

 





searchclosebarscaret-down
























