












all orinda reunion 2020








home
buy a ticket
the list

get on it!
change info


class contact
the marquee
orinda???
military service
who came?

2005 attendees
2010 attendees
2005 pictures
2005 pictures


volunteer

  





why an all orinda reunion???? - because we all 
		enjoy a good party

 and we know how to 
		make it happen!!!
		we've been covid-ed!  orinda  
		and the world are undergoing change at this time.  new 
		times, new people, new standards.  but not for us!!  we 
		still party the old way, the raucous way, with fast cars, beautiful 
		gals, and handsome guys,
		
		a-wop-bop-a-loo-bop-a-wop-bam-boom!  friendships 
		don't get old, they get better and we will continue to enjoy our 
		long term friendships/acquaintances/"gee, who is that?" " looks 
		familiar doesn't she?" "didn't he used to have hair?".  so come and enjoy! 

		here's what we will enjoy.......
friday night - all around town

make a reservation to 
					meet old friends/family at:
the casa orinda (925) 
					254-2181
the fourth bore tap 
					room and grill - (925) 254-1183 
					maybe with music, still working 
					on it. 
taverna pelligrinis - 
					(925) 258-4200
one of the other 
					fine restraunts in town.  sushi island, serika, shelby's, la 
					piazza, yu bistro, village pizza, sichuan restraunt, 
					szechwan restraunt, and more. 
how about a picnic at 
					the orinda community park? 


		   



 



saturday night in front of the orinda librarycommunity 
				center/plaza thing(next to the real orinda school)

the people we grew 
					up with
a wonderful and informal atmosphere
light snacks
no host bar
sock hop 7:30 to 9:00 in the orinda school auditorium.
featuring a band 
					that plays songs you want to hear.
if your bunions hurt 
					you can remove your shoes at the sock hop.
6 to 10 pm on the 
					plaza (or until the 
					police chase us out)
additional surprises

$50 gets you in with a name tag with your year book picture.












donate to help with the mailing 
			costs which are about $4000.  be a participating old orinda 
			person and help fund this event through your generosity. 


donate using pay pal
- help defray the costs.

 
	(you'll have to find your own way back here)
donate by using the post office mail - mail a check to:  all orinda reunion, p. o. box 446, 
	orinda california 94563donate by carrier pigeon - any way you want, but donate!
				
			

campolindo people are as much orinda people 
					as miramonte people except for those that lived in lafayette 
					when they went to campolindo.  they remain lafayette people.
					if you think "lamorinda" is an insult to moraga and 
					orinda - then you are an old orinda person. 

 

	select "the marquee" from 
			the menu to see who has donated to the cause or volunteered for the 
	previous parties.  didn't you always want to be on the marquee 
			at the show?  join the group today. 	 
     
		














	 


in 1990 jim benney, class of 1967, 
		had an idea.  lets have a reunion and envite all the classes from 
		1959 to 1974!  jim and his group of volunteers pulled off one of 
		the best town specific parties ever.  this event has happened every 
		5 years or so, since.  1990, 1995, 2000, 2005, 2010, 2016 and now 
		2020.  this is not a profit making venture (you don't want to look 
		at the books) this is an adventure, an adventure in keeping something 
		special alive. 


"the list" is available to facilitate the different classes with reunion activities and to help people locate friends.  
		register your e-mail address with the all orinda reunion database and help keep it current.


adding your name to the list does not 
		mean "volunteer" or "donate" although donating would be nice (this is an expensive thing to do)  it means give us your e-mail address and we will add it 
		to the database so that you can receive e-mail updates and old friends can e-mail you.  so, register, even if you didn't have any friends 
		way back then, 
		which means that you couldn't possibly have any old friends now.  you may be surprised. 
		 



if you don't want to add your name to the 
		list but want to be kept informed of all the news regarding the "all orinda reunion" 
		activities  click here. we 
		don't use "classmates" or any other commercial 
		venture so your data is safe with us.  


mr. boyce passed away in january last year 
			at age 96. we include this in his honor.  
mr. boyce at 
			pine grove   
			 


		 


 to review the privacy 
			policy of the all orinda reunion  
			click here. p. o. box 446
orinda, california  94563

  best viewed at 1024 x 768 ( i know, you're old, 
need larger print and can't find your glasses. think young.)  in microsoft explorer.
web site design and maintenance courtesy chl associates.
 









