





 eric margolis

































































sitemap
contact us
 







 

 


home
writer’s blog
column archives
about eric

official bio
ask eric


books
video and photo gallery


 





























 






purchase war at the top of the world










purchase american raj






latest posts from writer's blog

farewell aga khan
by eric margolis  | no comments | add a comment

february 14, 2025 prince karim al-hussaini, aga khan iv, hereditary imam of the world’s 12-15 million shia ismaili muslims, died recently in lisbon, portugal. what a life he led. the aga khan (great khan as he was universally known) was born in geneva, switzerland and spent much of his flamboyant […]
 

more






hostile takeover of canada
by eric margolis  | 7 comments | add a comment

hostile takeover of canada canadians are among the world’s calmest, most polite, and gracious people. they are also, in my experience, peaceful, honest and modest. you never see them angry – except for now. donald trump, with his absurd megalomaniac claims to greenland, canada, panama and now gaza, has managed […]
 

more






forcing the palestinians out of gaza is a recipe for unimagineable disaster
by eric margolis  | 3 comments | add a comment

a brilliant article written by alon ben-meir and reposted with permission even after trump declared that he wanted to take back the panama canal, acquire greenland by force, if necessary, and rename the gulf of mexico to the gulf of america, i could not, like many others, imagine that his […]
 

more







popular posts


cuba starts to come alive


the dangerous mess in syria grows murkier


us trains its guns on china


facing the writing on the wall in kabul


europe: let the brits go


palestinians, get out!


read more articles »









 





articles& books


writer's blog
books
 


abouteric


official bio
contact
video & photos
 


siteutilities


privacy policy
terms of use
sitemap
 




get exclusive newsletters and commentaries from eric margolis in your inbox. join the reading group.








name:




email:












 




















		copyright ericmargolis.com		top










