










home

























































abouthis misisonhis storyclient testimonialsblogeventsspeakingbio packetcoaching store















helping real estate investors grow!reggie brooks is a real estate investor coach, international speaker, author and an active real estate investor himself. over the last 30 years reggie has made millions of dollars and coached thousands of active investors. he has spoken on the stage with such notables as magic johnson, suze orman, anthony robbins, george foreman, rudy giuliani, dr. albert lowry, alan greenspan, david bach, donald trump and russell simmons, to name a few. he is passionate about helping other investors grow!learn morereggie brooks speaks & offers personal coaching for real estate investors!request complimentary sessionreggie brooks coachinga coach is someone unique, a compassionate and driven individual who is willing to show you the way. a coach is an experienced and dedicated teacher delivering the how-to formulas for success and prosperity to those who are willing to learn and driven to take action. request more inforeggie brooks has risen above a life of poverty, he has achieved what many people consider to be impossible. he went from making $36,000 per year at the local telephone company, to making over $40,000 per month in his real estate business. read this story "dream"start investing in your spare time, 
with little or no money down...reggie brooks is known as "mr. abandoned properties" and is america's leading speaker on the subject. starting with very little money, he began investing in abandoned rental properties in los angeles and went from making $36,000 per year at the local telephone company to making over $40,000 per month in his real estate business. this book gives you practical steps towards growth in the abandoned and distressed housing market. buy on amazonspecial e-book offer "8 steps
to creating wealth in real estate!"claim your free gift  "8 steps to creating wealth in real estate!" by reggie brooksclaim e-book here










why us

reggie brooks is compelled by a desire to payback the generosity and coaching that others have invested into him. his mission is to help real estate investors grow, transform communities and live successful lives.
about

his story
his mission
his testimonies
services

speaking request
coaching request
products & services
contacts

p. o. box 3091culver city, ca 90231+1 (323) 702-0424
reggiebrooks.com 









 © 2025 reggiebrooks.com | powered by global presence enterprises

 















