



first presbyterian church of libertyville





















































home

new here

plan your  visit

about us


who we are


what we believe


ministry team


statement of welcome


partner congregations


land acknowledgement


our history


prayers & support


becoming a member


baptisms, weddings & funerals



worship


worship services


podcasts


archives



education


children


youth


adults



get involved


serve


community groups


music groups


anti-racism & equity


committee on anti-racism  & equity (care)


information


resources





give


make a donation


realm


realm information


realm sign in




2025 giving estimate form



calendar

jobs


office manager and executive assistant to the pastor


chapel music director (contemporary)


 
















welcome





sunday, togetherservice time  |  10 am







plan your visit


























a church in libertyvilleserving lake county


sundays at 10:00 am  |  219 west maple ave., libertyville, il 60048



















new here 











a place you can call home


we believe that a congregation is part of a wider communion of believers who profess jesus christ as lord and savior. 


more














kids 











christian education for kids


kids are always learning, absorbing, and sorting what they've taken in. 


more














groups 











community for you


faith, fellowship and service intertwine as we seek to live as disciples of christ.


more

















locations & times

join us sundays 10:00am

plan my experience





























sanctuary






















chapel






















online

watch live

























worship with us on sunday feb 16
































join us in the sanctuary


rev. dr. leslie sanders is preaching






livestream




worship bulletin















































newsletter 2/16


more
























fellowship pad & prayer request

more























flower dedications

more




























join our a/v team

more






















pads help needed

more




















  our mission we joyfully embrace the transformative love of christ, fostering connections that transcend barriers.we are a community of hope and discipleship that strives to celebrate and empower every person to flourish in the light of god's love.








































a message from our pastor


welcome to first presbyterian church of libertyville. our prayer is that you will find a spiritual home here; a home where the love and presence of jesus christ are experienced as we gather in community to worship god. we worship together, in-person and online, every sunday at 10 a.m., seeking to focus our hearts and minds on god's word. i can be contacted by clicking here!

pastor brian paulson
















our ministries

working toward a better goal
































adults

growing in faith is a lifelong process, evolving as we experience more life, as we face more challenges, as we see more evidence of god's mercy, grace, and love. we offer a variety of ways to live and grow in faithful community with one another.

more info






























 children


children are always learning, absorbing, and sorting what they've taken in. our christian education programs are designed to offer them foundations of faith in ways that invite questions and make connections as they create and build their relationships with god and one another. to help bring their faith beyond the walls of the church, we offer a variety of ways for families to incorporate discussions on faith into their daily lives.


more info































youth


our youth programs are shaped to walk with 6th-12th grade students as they grow, learn, and connect in community with one another, with our larger church community, with the world, and with god.


more info































community


faith, fellowship and service intertwine as we seek to live as disciples of christ.


more info































serve


know god, grow in faith, go into the world equipped to serve.


more info































music


experience the joy of singing and performing music that glorifies god. our music programs are for all ages from preschool to adult. 

more info

















faq


have questions? we have the answers!









where are you located?





we are located at 219 w. maple ave. (corner of maple and douglas) in downtown libertyville, illinois. the sanctuary entrance is on douglas ave. and the chapel entrance is on maple ave. on weekdays, please use the "office entrance" on douglas ave. press the doorbell and you will be buzzed in by someone in the office. 






what time is service?





10 am on sunday. most weeks we have two services the happen at the same time: traditional worship in our large sanctuary and contemporary worship in our smaller chapel. about once a month, we combine both styles into one large worship service in our sanctuary.






where do i park?





we have plenty of parking available on sunday mornings in the parking lots on maple and douglas. there is also a public parking garage that you can access from maple ave. if the parking lots are full! handicap parking is available in all parking lots. view the parking lot map.






is there something for my children?





during the school year, we have sunday school during worship. childcare is available for ages 4 and under in our nursery and preschool rooms. kids come to worship at 10 a.m. with their parents and are excused to go to sunday school after the children's message. additional information can be found here. in the summer, children remain in worship and are provided worship kits so they can follow along with the service.






how can i watch an online worship service?





our worship services are livestreamed on sunday mornings at 10 am on our youtube channel. past worship services can be viewed here.






how can i reach a pastor?





contact a pastor: caring for one another in the name of jesus christ is at the heart of our ministry here at first pres. this caring comes with many titles and faces to accompany but, at the center of it all, is the injunction from our lord to be a caregiver in the manner of jesus' own ministry. the pastors are open and available to speak with anyone wishing to be heard. depending upon the need and urgency, a referral can also be made to a stephen minister, to a deacon or an elder, or to one of the local area social services. a pastor of the church is available to members for emergencies 24 hours a day by calling 847-367-6460. in addition, the church voicemail system is equipped to direct you toward pastoral care in emergencies. ministers are available for pastoral emergencies over the weekend via the pastoral emergency line which the church voicemail system is equipped to direct you toward.












what does a typical service look like?





well, it depends if you're in the sanctuary or chapel. our sanctuary service has a traditional feel with hymns, an organist and a full choir. the chapel service is more casual and features contemporary music and musicians playing guitar, bass, drums and other instruments. about once a month, we combine both services into one and you'll see a mix of both styles on those sundays. click here to learn more about the structure of our worship services.whan to know what's going on during worship?






what should i wear to church?





there is not a dress code at first pres libertyville. you will find people in everything from casual attire to a suit and tie.






how can i join a bible study or community group?





learn more about our bible study groups. we offer a variety of ways to live and grow in faithful community with one another. email our director of member ministry or call 847-362-2174 to talk to michelle about finding a community group to call home.






how can i get involved in volunteering?





offering time, talents, and spiritual gifts is an important way we live out jesus' call to discipleship. wondering where you fit in? we can help!  email michelle or call. 847-362-2174 






how can i connect with a stephen minister?





pastors will always be on the frontlines of care, especially during times of crisis.  but there are always many more needs for on-going, one-to-one care than pastors can effectively meet by themselves. stephen ministers are members of our congregation who are trained and equipped to provide confidential, one-to-one christian care to individuals who are experiencing difficulties in their lives. learn more about how you or someone you know could benefit from the care of a stephen minister.






how can i give online?





you can make a donation by clicking here.






















recent worship service  2/9


























sanctuary worship servicerev. dr. brian r. paulson


watch






















we look forward to meeting you

plan a visit




























first presbyterian churchof libertyville























     219 w maple ave, libertyville, il 60048     monday - friday 9:00-4:00      office@boxp.net   847-362-2174 weekday pastors on call




















sign up for our newsletter

receive the latest news delivered right to your inbox. your information will be kept confidential, and we will not send spam.

sign up

































