
































communications business | stryker








































 



 

























careers




investor relations




patients




contact














about

medical and surgical equipment
orthopaedics
neurotechnology
services
care settings
training and education






careers


investor relations


patients


contact










back








about us

comprehensive report

our history 

our board of directors

our management

corporate governance

corporate responsibility

news and features

awards 







patents

unique device identification (udi)

contact

trademarks

global quality








our business


acute care


communications business


craniomaxillofacial


emergency care


endoscopy


ent


foot & ankle


interventional spine







joint replacement

neurosurgical

neurovascular

orthopaedic instruments

sage

spine

sports medicine

surgical technologies

sustainability solutions







trauma











back












back












back












back












back












back

















7













































communications business
creating the best integrated or experience.
today's operating room requires an enhanced focus on the needs of your patients and staff, as well as safety. stryker's isuite is your customized, efficient, and seamlessly integrated operating room - designed to tackle the many demands of your or and allow you and your team to focus on patient care.






































































experience 
 stryker's isuite
your customized integrated or ecosystem, designed to support patient safety, increase operational efficiency, and patient and staff satisfaction.1
 







					experience the isuite
				
















featured products























connected or ip
the connected or ip system provides intuitive user control of your connected devices, creating a future-ready integration platform with scalable 4k video routing. 






learn more





















dash iq surgical dashboard 
dash iq surgical dashboard is a visual management tool displaying pertinent patient and case details, designed to provide surgical teams the means to achieve unprecedented workflows.






learn more





















hospital status
designed to improve hospital workflow and provide visibility into any area of the hospital by streaming live video feeds to your desktop or tablet. 






learn more





















operon d860 surgical table
from general surgery to orthopaedics, the operon d860 surgical table is designed to meet the needs of a variety of surgical disciplines.







learn more


























procare services
stryker’s procare service programs are committed to helping you perform your job more efficiently while enhancing patient care delivery. 







learn more





















slx628 surgical light
the slx628 surgical light combines innovative features, inspired by the best technology, to provide a customizable lighting experience for your surgical team.







learn more





















s-series surgical boom
with a redesigned user interface and a compact, fully customizable system, it has never been easier to manage your services and maneuver your equipment.







learn more





















universal display mount
moving and positioning your surgical equipment should be easy. utilizing our proprietary rome technology to extend your range of motion to an incredible 540 degrees. 







learn more





































join us at our state-of-the-art
 customer experience center
experience firsthand our commitment to excellence. 
get a behind the scenes look at cutting edge technology and experience the isuite. 
we look forward to hosting you soon! 
 







					contact us
				












































































design your or with stryker and 
 experience the difference.
create your picture-perfect or, brought to life by microsoft hololens 2.
 




reimagine your or








































connect with
 communications
follow us on twitter and linkedin for the latest news and events.
 







					twitter
				







					linkedin
				





































references: 

"based on a study of 106 or personnel (surgeons, or managers and circulating nurses) in us hospitals that have stryker integrated operating rooms, the following information was concluded: consequential trips and falls were reduced by 93%; an average decrease of 0.8 man-hours per case was found; room turnover was shortened by 11 minutes on average; 95% of circulating nurses surveyed said there was no need to locate mobile equipment in order to set up the room for surgery. improving or efficiency and economics with stryker isuite integration.” (pp. 3-14, white paper). frost and sullivan. 2015. 



literature number: 1000903441 rev b



















					© stryker 1998-2025
				

					|
				



							privacy
						



							accessibility statement
						



							healthcare professional disclaimer
						



							terms of use
						







 

 

 

 










							trademarks 

							unique device identification (udi) 

							product experience 

							ethics hotline 

















