  

   
 
  audiohead.net - interviews     

   


   
audiohead.net interviews   
 audiohead interviews tech tips events goods and gear featured music digizine eq











   
 
   

audiohead features
 find
out how these audioheads use technology in their studios and on the road. click
on any image below to get the low down on the current favorite apps, plug-ins and
gear being used by some of the world’s top producers, composers and sound designers.

  



richie hawtin

richie hawtin has been spinning and mixing records for over 20 years. but he decided to move beyond the realm of vinyl, into using computer-based,
bpm-warping tools like ableton live to expand his
mixes and tricks.

 



  



underworld

godfathers of electronic music, rick smith and karl hyde hooked up first as the
atmospheric band freur, then drove electronic music to a new level of
sonic world takeover with freur’s sequel, underworld.

 




  
  new nine inch nails he significantly changed the sound of rock music with “head
like a hole” and the epic “the fragile.” now trent reznor is back to
bite you with a brand new release. step
into the studio and witness the recording process for nine inch nails “with teeth.”  




 



coldplay

logic is integral to coldplay’s songwriting and
recording process — from designing sounds on a powerbook that can later be
triggered by a controller via midi, to processing guitar tracks with line 6’s amp
farm and various other plug-ins in pro tools. 




 


 butch vig

the world of music discovered butch vig when he produced the breakthrough nirvana album, “nevermind.”
then, after producing the smashing pumpkins’ “siamese dream” and doing
remixes for u2, depeche mode, and beck, he started the band garbage.




 



alan
moulder

producer alan moulder was discovered in the 1980’s when he engineered tracks
for the jesus and mary chain. now, he’s regularly in demand to engineer, produce and
mix records for bands like nine inch nails, the smashing pumpkins and my bloody
valentine. 
 




 



radiohead
when radiohead goes on tour, it’s imperative that the band can still capture its
creativity on the road. “we have recently done a bit of recording on the road
using a mac running logic audio as a multitrack recorder,” says radiohead producer nigel godrich. 





 


 john
digweed

globetrotting dj and remix master john digweed, voted top dj in the world by dj
and mix magazines, may use turntables, but when it comes to producing his sets,
he relies on technology like macs, and software like logic audio. 





 

 

chad
muska

pro skateboarder chad muska produced his own hip hop record from a hotel room in
nyc. he lured in biz markie, afrika bambaataa, raekwon, u-god, melle mel, guru,
krs-one, jeru, prodigy, mclyte, special ed, ice-t and flavor flav and recorded the entire
thing straight to hard drive.
 


 



liam
lynch

liam lynch is not only the conceptualist behind mtv’s highly successful
“sifl and olly show,” but he recently became an international rockstar
with his radio hit, “my united states of whatever.” 
 

  
  

 





















 



rob zombie 
rob zombie penetrates, shocks and entertains the
masses through all means of media. after writing and directing two of his own films, 
zombie just wrote and recorded a new cd, “educated
horses” with his producer scott humphrey at the chop shop.



 



jerome dillon produces former nin drummer dillon’s
“nearly: reminder” soundtrack-meets-rocktronic masterpiece started as
an attempt to sonically recreate his recurring dream. he
and engineer brett pierce (b. poledouris/t. boyle) tell us how they recorded this epic release.

  



chris vrenna

grammy-winning composer/producer chris vrenna talks about recording and engineering his new tweaker
record in pro tools, his latest favorite plug-ins, and composing music for games. 





 

 

hans zimmer
german-born composer hans zimmer has been nominated for seven academy awards,
including his music for “gladiator,” “as good as it gets,” “the preacher’s wife,”
“crimson tide,” “the thin red
line” and “the prince of
egypt.”

 



 



jack
dangers

jack dangers masterminded the breakbeat and delivered dub electronica
through his project, meat beat manifesto. also a highly
skilled remixer, producer and composer, dangers is largely credited for being one
of the true fathers of electronic music.  
 



 



keith
hillebrandt

after producing a sonic masterpiece sound cd called “diffusion of useful noise,” sound designer
keith hillebrandt went on to design all of the sounds for nin’s epic “the fragile.” now he’s just
produced a new sonic library full of dark, gritty textures: “useful noise v.2.”  




 



richard
devine

richard devine has remixed top warp artists like
aphex twin, designed sounds for virtual instrument deity native instruments,
scored commercials for nike and touchstone pictures, and engineers and performs
his own ear-tearing music mayhem worldwide. 





want more? new eq and digizine sections


read everything here? check out steph jorgl’s session files, success stories and cover stories for eq magazine in the eq interviews section. and if you’re a serious pro tools junkie, be sure to check out the links to steph jorgl’s
pro tools producer, engineer, mixer and sound designer feature stories up in the digizine section.





are you a sound junkie?

 if you would like to be updated when
new interviews are added, please click the link below and sign up now:
(audiohead.net will not share your info with anyone)  make me a junkie!



search audiohead.net






search for:








 match: 
any word 
                  all words
                  exact phrase



                  sound-alike matching
                  
















 

     
 





about
audiohead.netsyndicateoriginateadvertisecontact


got a suggestion? send us your mojo
and we’ll put it in our pipe.



© 2020 - audiohead.net - all rights
reserved.


   
   
  
      
