















skyelab music group
















































































 

 

 

 

 

 
   get produced and marketed by music industry pros | phone: 212.789.8942 
















 
















home
about
services

music production services 
music marketing & distribution 
photography & artwork 
vocal lessons 
song writing 
recording studios 


free consultation

free consultation 
not in new york? 


music

listen to our music 
artists 


questions
blog
testimonials

testimonials 
client reviews 
case studies 


contact
 

























are you a singer? a song writer? 
							get produced by award winning music industry proswith #1 billboard hits and gold/platinum credits! 
							
start now! 
							 


music marketing & distribution 
							reach your goals as an artist. we’ll get you outthere on itunes, spotify and 20 other worldwidedigital retailers. 
							
start now! 
							 


join our growing family of artists 
							there’s strength in our numbers as we all support eachother! 
							
start now! 
							 


worldwide music services 
							not in ny? not in the u.s.? not aproblem! we work with artists from allover the world! 
							
start now! 
							 



















welcome to skyelab music group

skyelab music group has multi-platinum experience! we’ve worked with major artists including madonna, 50 cent, will smith, alicia keys, queen latifah, santana, missy elliot, 98 degrees, sisqo, mya, & pink, just to name a few! we make it easy and affordable for any singer to become a viable recording artist. by using established industry professionals and cutting edge technology, we produce radio ready, high-quality music demos and masters at affordable rates. in addition to our music production services, skyelab music also provides music promotion and marketing, vocal coaching, songwriting, professional photography services, worldwide online distribution and expert guidance to help propel a singer’s or band’s career to the next level.
we specialize in working one on one with singers
and guiding them through the process of artist development. 

















music production
explore our music production services and packages to see which one is right for your project. listen to our music, and contact us for a free consultation.







vocal lessons
great vocal instruction and vocal coaching can take you to a new level. we’ll give you the tools you need to really control your voice, and the vocal coaching to help develop and refine your own unique style.









marketing
our music marketing team will develop a strategic approach using digital and traditional marketing to help get you the exposure you need to build fans.







song writing
skyelab music group has a team of talented, published songwriters ready to work on your music demo/masters. we’ll create customs songs specifically for your voice and style.









photography
skyelab offers professional music photography for singers, as well as bands. we create stunning album covers, single covers, and album artwork.







recording studio
each of our new york city recording studios is equipped with protools hd, apple logic, and loaded with tons of plug-ins. we have high quality neumann microphones, avalon & focusrite mic pres, urei compressors, eq’s, and more.




















0years in business









0#1 billboard charting hits









0gold/platinum records









0+plugins and growing









0%commitment to you



















skyelab pop playlist. play it loudr!






how it works? watch this video!
















latest releases







sydney rosepop2628 







eldépop1703 







sarah mclennanpop2165 







men in my headrock1028 




visit our artists













what our clients are saying:









arty, just wanted to thank you for all of your hard work on the cd. i had to of course get away from it for a while, then listen to it again. it just sounds killer. you nailed it – just exactly what i wanted it to sound like and it gives me loads of ideas as to how to market it and the image(s) i want to use for its release. you really pulled out the best of the best in these songs, and i am deeply grateful.
 
seth xavier












working with skyelab was certainly a challenging and satisfying experience. i am from mexico city and came to nyc expressly to work with arty. his precise directions at the recording studio as well as his musical intuition made possible for us to record a totally professional song including background vocals in record time! his dedication to the work we were did together as well as his career counseling are just what i needed to have a solid basis to continue my musical project going forward. thank you skyelab for helping me create an amazingly sounding song!
 
francisco toscano












i had a blast working with skylab! the song came out hot, and i’ve been getting a lot of great feed back from the production. arty skye brought ideas to the music it didn’t have going into the process, but also made sure i stayed true to material. i am looking forward to working with them again, and i would recommend them to anyone.
 
dave diedri












working with arty has been a great experience. he takes my songs from basic chords with lyrics and transforms them into fantastic and exciting productions time and time again. as a songwriter with little technical expertise it’s great to be able to rely on arty to take care of that whole production for me. he even plays some of the instruments on my demos himself. he’s unbelievable on the guitar! not to mention how friendly and pleasent he is to work with.
 
keren stefansky












i’ve know arty for many years and recommended many people to him. they’ve all been very happy with his services. arty’s personal consideration sets him apart from many others.
 
daylle schwartz












recording at skyelab sound studios was a dream come true! as a singer/songwriter it was crucial that i found a music production team that would not only respect and embrace my creativity, but enhance it as well. arty and his team did just that and more! i have a quality, state-of-the art, radio ready collection of songs that i shop around with pride. and as for the business side, arty and the guys were jewels! unfortunately there are a lot of shady people in the music business so finding a production team/studio can be intimidating, but let me just say that these guys are legit and on top of things. thanks guys and i’ll see you at the top!
 
denise lewis












arty was very helpful from beginning to end. he created two fantastic pop songs, tailored to my style and voice range, leaving me with a great demo to send to managers and labels. thanks arty!
 
sean murray












arty and his guys rock! they really know their stuff technically, but creatively they’re @#$% geniuses!
 
mrs. peel












recording at skyelab studio made our trip such an unforgettable experience! due to us living in the uk we thought it might be a problem to organize everything. but arty was amazing he was in constant contact with us. even before we came over to ny arty was their to talk us through every step of the way. when being such a long way away we felt that the service we received couldn’t of been better. when over in ny he was so helpful and had so many ideas on how to create our own style with a more unique backing and great harmonies. we are so happy with the final production of the songs! he really did make the whole experience something we will never forget, and we feel so privileged to of worked with him. we just hope we will get the opportunity to work with such a talent man again! thanks so much arty!
 
twins












as a singer/songwriter/pianist, when i walked into skyelab, i had a lot of melodies, lyrics, and song ideas racing around in my head. i didn’t know where to start! arty worked with me to help focus my ideas into a defined and unique ‘maura’ sound. he encouraged me to be creative and push the envelope, but always helped me keep my focus. the writing and recording experience is so positive at skyelab… it’s an atmosphere where you can just chill and perform and do what you love to do. arty truly cared about the quality of my recordings, and took everything into account, from renting me a killer digital piano for the recording sessions, to giving me advice about my headshots. when i walked out of skyelab, i had great radio-ready music, and great friends in arty and all the guys at the studio.
 
maura matlak





















music blog







18octoberoctober 18, 2018no harmony no peace: check your ego at the door
communication: the fundamental principle of a civilized society. but when it breaks down, it can lead to disaster. since music is a language unto itself, it’s possible to communicate brilliantly on a musical level while despising the people with whom you’re making the music. look at the beatles. as incredible as their music was, a...

read more 






19octoberoctober 19, 2018don’t believe the hype secrets of success? work. (duh)
about 10 years ago i was in a club when the video for “groove is in the heart” by deee-lite came on the tv screens. for some inexplicable reason, i immediately fell in love with the lady miss kier. maybe it was the pseudo french accent (ooh, la la) or the skin-tight psychedelic body suit,...

read more 






19octoberoctober 19, 2018entourage empowerment
a little knowledge can be a dangerous thing on most projects that i produce, i prefer to engineer as well i feel more attached to the project with my hands on the equipment, and i can get my point across more easily by demonstrating my ideas, rather than always expressing them verbally. the downside: an...

read more 






18octoberoctober 18, 2018simon says: potential idol reality check
i love the show american idol. it’s like a circus, complete with clowns and balloons and the evil simon sinister (boo, hiss). my favorite part is when the show goes from own to town auditioning the locals. it’s amazing to see the wide range of talent out there. you have some extremely talented singers with...

read more 






18octoberoctober 18, 2018reality check: which way is up?
a funny thing happened to me on the way to the studio. i bumped into an old friend (iet’s call him ken) who used to work for me years ago. ken had been a great assistant engineer who had moved to the west coast to follow his true dream: to develop an unknown artist into...

read more 






16octoberoctober 17, 2018the tale of the damaged dat
the tale of the damaged dat dirty tricks to get the clean version by arty skye one hot, hazy day i was about to leave work early when i got an emergency call from a big studio i often work at. it seems that the dat mixes i had completed last week for a famous...

read more 






17octoberoctober 18, 2018find your singing voice* [7 steps to develop your own singing style)

read more 






18octoberoctober 18, 2018session secrets:forward thinking backward reverb
a classic trick that has been used countless times by artists such as led zeppelin, pink floyd, jimi hendrix, and many more, is also often used in scary movies, when somebody is talking with spirits or when the sound designer needs to create a voice that sounds “possessed.” reverb is recorded so that it swells...

read more 






18octoberoctober 18, 2018making the (up) grade
my new computer is fast!  and i’ll have that bug fix in two weeks! you kids have it so easy these days. when i was young, we used to walk three miles bare­ foot through the snow with our amps on skate­ boards and our guitars slung behind our backs just to reach the local...

read more 






19octoberoctober 19, 2018frequencies for sale
buy a 440 hz; get an 880 hz for half price!   i don’t normally answer the phone in my studio, but on this early morning everyone else was out, so i had no choice. on the phone was a man inquiring about studio time, and his first question was, “does your studio get that...

read more 






16octoberoctober 17, 2018the art of extreme bass
sometimes, you gotta break the rules   i was diving 110 feet down in cold, dark water off the new jersey coast when this 3-pound lobster and i had a dis­ agreement. i wanted to take him home to see my nice kitchen, and he wanted to stay under his big rock and keep my...

read more 






16octoberoctober 17, 2018tasty vocals
like an over done pie, a bad lead will ruin the party. master chef skye conducts cooking class for your vocal tracks. new york pizza sucks! it’s hardly ever fresh, the dough is almost always overcooked, the sauce is too sweet and there’s usually too little, which results in a bad sauce to cheese ratio,...

read more 























join our newsletter!

get exclusive content, tips and special offers!













 







tagsadvice
artist
arty skye
bad gig
blogging
career mistakes
daily routine
demo
engineering
funkworm
grammy awards
katey laurel
katie mccort
marketing
meter
music business
music industry
music marketing
newsletter
panning
pitfalls
producer
producers
record deal
recording artist
sessions
social networking
tempo
tips
vocal tips
warm up
recent commentslee on how artists scam the recording studio!from the bloglatestpopularcommentsdon’t believe the hype secrets of success? work. (duh)6 years agoentourage empowerment6 years agohow do i get a record deal?12 years agoget better mixes in 7 minutes! [pro secrets revealed]6 years agolee on how artists scam the recording studio!8 years agogreat article! yes to all the above. credit card fraud...  skyelab music group
merlin studios
37 w. 37th street
12th floor
new york, ny 10018
monday-friday
10am-6pm
by appointment only
email: info@skyelab.com
phone: 212.789.8942
    







free consultation
site map
terms of use
skyelab music group © 2020 | all rights reserved







































