







netread software and services: onix and ebook publishing software




































 










skip to content



 


why netread?
blog
login
 





netread
your books, everywhere!sign up 






 services



onix
								netread’s onix-conversion application, jacketcaster, was the first to convert title information to…							



ebooks
								netread's ebook distribution services launched in 2009. netread delivered assets for the…							



web development and consulting
								netread has provided web development and consulting for both publishers and book…							



													sign up											
about us netread is a conduit, connecting publishers to retailers such as amazon, barnes and noble, and apple. we make both print & ebook titles and the assets available bowker, ingram, and baker & taylor.
we were the first company to create an onix-conversion application. we maintain close industry relationships with bookselling partners and book industry associations and influencers. since 2000, we have supported the needs of the largest as well as the smallest publishers on the planet.
our mission is to streamline data processes, and increase publisher book sales.
share your content with the world.
your books, everywhere!



onix





software development





ebook distribution





consulting





planning





facts



642
publishers



1541 gb
data



945,000
books



19
years in business


 testimonials



“…the graph of spd’s strong upward movement in sales can be pegged to the beginning of our relationship with netread. the netread associates are professional and helpful, and they have helped spd keep abreast of recent shifts and nuances in onix formatting, alerted us to potential new sales channels, and have helped us solve many other metadata-related issues.” -brent cunningham







 
small press distribution



“harlequin has used netread’s jacketcaster and ebookcaster applications for several years with success.” -lola speranza







 
harlequin



“for almost a decade, netread has helped our press meet the metadata demands of the bookselling supply chain and marketplace. we are very grateful that we’ve had netread’s responsive staff as our guides on this wild ride!” -kathy burgess







 
university press of mississippi


 clients



 



 



 



 


















 olympia, wa 98501signup@netread.com206.973.7555 




why netread?
blog
login
 

powered by wordpress | theme: astrid by athemes.				










