












marc gunn – rhythm & folk celtic music








































































menu
skip to content

listen
videos
patreon
merch
#celtfather

coffee?
celtic invasion vacations
celtic christmas
blog


booking

photos


newsletter

contact


 











rhythm & folk celtic music





	support what you love. make a pledge to marc gunn on patreon.	find out more!













listen





patreon





celtic invasion vacations









marc gunn is a celtic folk musician who was raised on science fiction and fantasy. he was shunned by his local celtic community. instead of trying to fit in, he decided to celebrate his differences.
now he calls his music sci f'irish. it fuses traditional irish drinking songs with lyrics inspired by pop culture. these are songs for working class folk, educated by the past and filled with hopes and dreams of a better tomorrow.

enjoy drinking songs
inspired by irish and scottish culture
fused with pop culture fandom
have fun, sing along!


if you like celtic music and you're a geek, then raise your celtic geek flag and waive it proudly. because my music is about being kind and recognizing that we all are different. it's about celebrating those differences even if we disagree.
so here's what i want you to do:

subscribe to download your free album below.
listen to a podcast for some great stories behind my songs.
if like what you hear, email me. i want to help you find the right album that celebrates how awesome you are.



if you like celtic music, go here.
if you like science fiction and fantasy, click here.
if you like cats and drinking songs, click here.

upcoming shows
recorded music is fun. but a live show is the best way to experience the magic of my music. you'll find yourself singing along to my songs, with a laugh and smile.
mar 1: the lost druid brewery, avondale estates, ga
mar 16: the wings cafe & tap house, marietta, ga @ 3-7 pm
mar 17: the wings cafe & tap house, marietta, ga @ 6-9:30 pm
apr 4-6: stellarfest, duluth, ga
apr 12-13: sherwood forest faire, paige, tx
apr 19-20: sherwood forest faire, paige, tx
apr 25-27: jordan con, atlanta, ga
may 3: maggie mcguinness pub, huntsville, al
jun 21-28: celtic invasion of wexford, ireland
jul 19: fiddler's green coffeehouse concert series @ 8 pm
first existentialist congregation of atlanta. 470 candler park dr. ne / atlanta ga 30307. 404-378-5570.
presented by atlanta area friends of folk music (aaffm)
sep 24-28: alep 6, harrodsburg, ky
“how do i stay on top of upcoming shows?”

check the calendar list above.
follow my google calendar.
follow me on songkick.
follow me on bandintown.
and of course, there's facebook events.

 








stay connected:






















© 2025 marc gunn all rights reserved




theme by speaking in vector













