





atlanta checker cab | taxi service for city of atlanta and airport






























































































  404.351.1111

 




















get a cab
rates
corporate accounts
checker fleet
about us

history
other services
affiliations and memberships
employment information
join our mailing list
customer feedback


around atlanta
news
contact us
 
























need a ride? 
							order cab now
 


save time with the 
							atlanta checker cab app 
							download for iphone 
							download for android 
							 


view our rates! 
							rates 
							 





order a cab now


this feature can be used to get a fare estimation and to order a cab now! enter in your pick-up location and destination. you will receive a fare estimation with the options to book now or to book later.
disclaimer: this is only an estimation, rates may vary.

 order now








print and hand to your driver. limit one per trip.

 where are you headed?meter ratesairport/downtownairport/midtownairport/buckheadbusiness to businessmeter rates









first 1/8 mile:




$3.50








each additional 1/8 mile:




$.30 ($2.40 a mile)








each additional person:




$2







waiting time:




$24/hour




airport/downtown









flat fare zone 1 person:




$36







each additional person:




$2







all fares include




sales tax



airport/midtown









flat fare zone 1 person:




$38







each additional person:




$2







all fares include




sales tax



airport/buckhead









flat fare zone 1 person:




$48







each additional person:




$2







all fares include




sales tax



business to business









flat fare zone 1 person:




$10 (min. fare)







each additional person:




$2







all fares include




sales tax



get a cab in atlanta


to get a taxicab, please call us at 404-351-1111.
atlanta checker cab is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.
to insure prompt service, any advance reservation should be checked on at least one hour prior to your reservation time by calling our dispatcher at 404-351-1111.















atlanta checker cabs are
equipped with safety cameras

 







fast & reliable gps
computer dispatched cars

 download our app





book your taxi in just a few seconds!


our app is easy to use and very user-friendly. just choose your start and end location, select the car you like, and in just a few minutes we’ll be at your doorstep.

 download now!


this app is available for: android, ios & windows mobile!
citycab is reserving the rights to change prices, rates or vehicles.

 






tell us how we are doing


please tell us about your experience with atlanta checker cab. please provide as much information as you can.

 

 










* name


* email


* phone


* message















                                i've been riding with checker cab for over 30 years, going to and from the atlanta airport. great service.                            




                            mary helen k.                        

lives in: 



 

 





                                always my atlanta travel provider when i'm in town!                            




                            kell p.                        

lives in: 



 

 





                                i feel safe when riding with checker cab, which is important to me being a woman. very friendly drivers and security cameras in all their vehicles.                            




                            kelsey o.                        

lives in: 



 

 





                                best cab service in atlanta!                            




                            larry g.                        

lives in: 



 

 





                                good taxi service to get around atlanta. also no surcharge prices during peak hours like rideshares.                            




                            daniel r.                        

lives in: 



 

 









looking for drivers to join our fleet


atlanta checker cab is currently looking for experienced drivers to join our fleet. in order to inquire about available opportunities, please contact tristan hewatt at 404-351-8255 ext. 105, or email him at thewatt@atlantacheckercab.com.
all drivers are independent contractors.

 did you lose something in one of our taxis?


if you think you may have lost something in one of our vehicles, please contact us with information about your trip. if possible, please include:



your name


your contact info (number or email)


time/date of trip


fare number


vehicle number


description of lost item


*disclaimers* 


we are not liable for lost items 


we will do our best to help you find your lost property 


items can be delivered back for a charge




 contact us now
latest news


atlanta checker cab has been serving the metro atlanta area since 1947 with involvement in community services, as well as passenger transport, package delivery, and corporate account services. a leader in public transportation, atlanta checker cab has been internationally recognized with a number of national industry and operator awards. consistent with its commitment of service to the public, the company has been recognized as the best cab company in atlanta by the atlanta journal-constitution and atlanta magazine.

 more news
four things about uber you wish you never knew





georgia's first all-electric taxis


https://www.facebook.com/georgiapower/videos/1734439696618947/


advertisingadvertise on our taxis now!




get your business known to thousands throughout the metro atlanta area by advertising with us in an actual atlanta checker cab.
to learn more about advertising with atlanta checker cab, visit our partners firefly, or email them at sales@fireflyon.com.



 get started

















$2 off your next cab fare when you ride with atlanta checker cab
any cab fare or package delivery
*one coupon per customer per trip
click here to access the coupon

corporate accounts
atlanta checker cab company offers corporate accounts to companies who need reliable transportation alternatives. we provide the best service in atlanta for all of your people and packages transportation needs.
apply for a corporate account today.






 










proud transportation alliance member 
app a cabnow you can download our app on every mobile device: 








atlanta checker cab
get a cab
rates
about checker cab
corporate accounts
checker fleet
around atlanta
news
contact us
info@atlantacheckercab.com
booking: (404) 351-1111
office: (404)-351-8255
 563 trabert ave, nw, atlanta, ga 30309
 







 copyright ©  2023 atlanta checker cab. all rights reserved. 
georgia public safety #p000114 | web design by kapp koncepts








 



































































