










home - lake of the woods az









































































home
our resort
cabins
area info
reserve/rates/policies
contact us
 


area info
reserve/rates/policies
contact us
 




















 



















 











book a reservation
lake stocked november 25, 2024!we have added cabin videos!
on the top menu, select "cabins" and below the cabin photos are the cabin videosdogs welcomethere is a $25 plus tax, per-stay fee for each dog


free wi-fiwifi is available in the cabins/condos and on the grounds 
fishingjoin us for fishing
no fishing licence required.
boatingwe have row boats for rent from approximately may 1 through october 31 (depending on weather conditions).
due to insurance regulations, personal watercraft may no longer be used at lake of the woods.  we are sorry for any inconvenience, this has been mandated by our insurance carrier.


we welcome you to lake of the woods. our 25-acre resort includes our own private lake so no fishing license is required (please see below)*. we have 26 cabins and 7 condo-style units which accommodate from 1 to 20 people. all our accommodations have kitchens/kitchenettes with microwaves, coffee makers and toasters.

we are a resort for the whole family: whether your “family” consists of a small number of people or a whole group. your pets are welcome to join us... book a reservation
lake of the woods cabins, like most cabins in the area do not have air conditioningstudio & 1 bedroom cabins
2 bedroom cabins and condo units
3 & 5 bedroom cabins and condo units
click below to view/download changes for 2025
view/download changes for 2025 pdf
click below to view/download 2025 rates
view/download 2025 rates pdf
property map
lake stocked november 25, 2024!notificationsachievements

best cabin resort in the white mountains since 2000voted best family resort in arizona 2013! by bestof.com
attractions
lake of the woods appeals to a wide range of visitors. our private lake offers great fishing and boating and our amenities are directed toward young and old alike. this beautiful area in the white mountains... read more
stay 7 nights or more receive a 10% discount per night!
offers subject to change, no other discounts may be applied
december 2, 2024 through december 17, 2024 arrive on a sunday/monday or tuesday buy 2 nights get the 3rd night free!
gift certificates available – call 928-368-5353localization and attractions


















services and standardstake a look at the rich list of facilities & guest services offered by the lake of the woods.dogs welcomeyou can bring your dog with you. there is a $25 plus tax, per-stay for each dog

free wi-fiif you think this is good news, we welcome you anytime to surf the net! 
fishingjoin us for fishing
no fishing licence required.
boatingwe have row boats for rent from approximately may 1 through october 31 (depending on weather conditions).
due to insurance regulations, personal watercraft may no longer be used at lake of the woods.  we are sorry for any inconvenience, this has been mandated by our insurance carrier.




















							© 2019 lake of the woods az. all rights reserved.						

























