


















home page - dairygold






















































 











close


dairygold paperless 
register now







our co-operative

our story
ceo message
our strategy our future 2030
our businesses
our members
corporate

general committee
regional committee




our people

working with dairygold
careers
graduate development programme


growing naturally

traceability
sustainability


food ingredients

glenor

dairy powders

fat filled milk powder
full cream milk powder
skimmed milk powder


proteins

rennet casein
90% demineralised whey powder
70% demineralised whey powder


cheddar cheese


cheese solutions

country parlour
liquid cheese
soft cheese
pizza melt
the imokilly cheese company


speciality cheese and butter

specialty cheese

regato
regorrio
maasdam
irish swiss
ballycashel


butter




agri & retail
innovation

food ingredients

innovation strategy
innovation culture
collaboration opportunities




media

financial reports
news
blog













 

english
deutsch
























 

english
deutsch








laboratory
gateway
contact us
home












our co-operativeour storyceo messageour strategy our future 2030our businessesour memberscorporategeneral committeeregional committeeour peopleworking with dairygoldcareersgraduate development programmegrowing naturallytraceabilitysustainabilityfood ingredientsglenordairy powdersfat filled milk powderfull cream milk powderskimmed milk powderproteinsrennet casein90% demineralised whey powder70% demineralised whey powdercheddar cheesecheese solutionscountry parlourliquid cheesesoft cheesepizza meltthe imokilly cheese companyspeciality cheese and butterspecialty cheeseregatoregorriomaasdamirish swissballycashelbutteragri & retailinnovationfood ingredientsinnovation strategyinnovation culturecollaboration opportunitiesmediafinancial reportsnewsblog























growing naturally








current vacancies








request a specification










our businesses





 

food ingredients
dairygold supplies premium cheeses and dairy nutritionals made from milk whey and casein to the global marketplace, including infant formulae and protein powders.

explore





 

agri business
dairygold operates a premium agri-business for all our farmer customers. our business, one of ireland’s leading agri traders, is based in the golden valleys of munster. 

explore





 

retail network
dairygold’s retail business operates 26 stores across the golden valleys of munster under the co-op superstores and co-op stores brands.

explore












facts and figures at a glance...





















								 
							






sustainability
our tradition of raising grass fed dairy cows in the fertile golden valleys of munster means our operations are already some of the most sustainable in the world 

read more 









 

our unique location has been settled for generations and is historically referenced as the golden vale, nutrient rich pasture lands that stretch across the valleys of munster. it is on this land, that our grass fed cows produce naturally sourced, traceable ingredients, nourishing people all around the world.

read more  





think of it as an american equivalent to the german b-uhr fliegers only with a chronograph or the french type 20 (see our article about type 20 watches here). first is the case of 18 it rolex yachtmaster rose gold replica, as a sign of good luck. best fake rolex these two watches have been crafted in a red gold and white gold series with the best materials the watch industry has to offer. both of these breitling for bentley flying b watches have beveled sapphire crystal glareproofed sides and a chronometer certified by the cosc. the casebacks each have the legendary bentley "flying b" engraved on them. each is water resistance of up to 100 meters with a screw-locked crown.











twitter







youtube



















linkedin











our story
our co-operative
our people
growing naturally
contact us
 

food ingredients
bulk cheese & butter
cheese solutions
agri & retail
accreditations
 

dairygold co-operative society limited
registered office
clonmel road, mitchelstown, co. cork, p67 dd36, ireland
registered no: 4621r
© dairygold co-operative society ltd



 
 

 
 



privacy statement
terms of use
cookie policy
ethical, modern slavery & human trafficking statement
speak up policy
 








we have placed cookies on your computer to help make this website better. if you continue to use this site we will assume you are happy with this.


don’t show this message again.














