





firefighter test prep - practice firefighter exams and interview prep



























 firefighter prep

login 









home (current)


learn more



sample tests


contact us


login

























gain the advantage.
exam prep for firefighter jobs. helping candidates since 2002.
sign up today












practice does make perfect.
getting the job is easy if you are well prepared. 
try free sample test














pass your test or your money back.
 our money back guarantee is the risk free way to jumpstart your career.
learn more






previous



next













firefighter exam. are you ready?
created by industry experts, firefighter prep is designed to prepare you for the pre-employment exams and recruitment process for firefighter jobs across the united states, canada and australia. 


try a free sample test »







practice before you write!
our online test preparation program provides you the opportunity to score high marks on the pre-employment recruitment exams associated with firefighter jobs. don't let the entrance exams screen you out of a rewarding long-term career.


register today! »







pass or your money back!
with over 15 years of experience, we are confident that our program will help you ace your test that we offer a full money back guarantee. our practice exams are that good!


money back guarantee »









specializing in nfst, cps, fact and gledhill-shaw test.
looking for a career as a firefighter? you can't afford to be without firefighterprep. every year tens of thousands of people apply for firefighter jobs across north america and australia. however, the recruitment process is highly competitive, for each of these desirable positions there are hundreds of applicants.
          
checkout our programs »








take control and pass your firefighter exam.


                        firefighterprep's unique program provides practice exams and interview preparation for firefighter positions. at firefighterprep we continuously work closely with fire departments and colleges to ensure that our clients receive high quality training and  gain the advantage needed to get these highly competitive 
                        jobs. 
                        our company is dedicated to helping you get a rewarding and lasting career!








timed practice exams and interview preparation.
access to timed-practice exams designed specifically for firefighter entrance exams, you will gain the confidence and know-how to pass the recruitment written exams on your first attempt! in addition, our interview preparation training material will help you standout during the interview process. gain the competitive advantage with firefighterprep.










ask us about our partnership program.






trusted partners
helping firefighter candidates access quality resources and employment opportunities.







helping toronto fire service prepare candidates.

get hired!







offering free career firefighter postings, webinars, recruitment resources, events and discussion forums.

recuitment info







helping students gain a competitive advantage with test prep materials designed for the recruitment entrance exam. 

learn more









back to top
© 2021 dekalam hire learning inc. · faq · contact us









