


home - american beauceron club
























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








member loginmenuhomeabout the beauceron breed information  breed standards judges education about the club become a member new member signup board members abc committees coe breeder listings governance and policies awards & recognition  the journee and elevage the conformation top 20  the performance top 20 region 1 region 2 region 3 region 4

















welcome to the american beauceron club!

the american beauceron club (abc) welcomes you! we invite you to learn more about our organization, and about our wonderful dog, the beauceron!

beaucerons, with their origins in france, are eager and willing workers, whose intelligence and obedience make them extremely versatile and superior working dogs.

today’s beauceron is used in much the same fashion as the german shepherd dog in this country. while still tending sheep and cattle, the beauceron is utilized for military and police work, search & rescue, handicapped assistance work, canine sports such as agility, french ring, schutzhund, obedience, tracking, skijoring, and of course as a family companion.


the american beauceron club is a membership association comprised of dedicated beauceron fanciers. its purpose is to ensure the proper education of the public about the beauceron, furthering the advancement and integrity of the breed, and to provide a forum for fellow enthusiasts to share their experiences, knowledge and love for their dogs. 

the abc is the american kennel club (akc) parent club for the beauceron and is the only north american club recognized by the french "club des amis du beauceron".








american beauceron national specialty:
get ready for our next beauceron national in gray summit, missouri.
september 2nd to the 8th 2024. hosted by region 3 at purina farms.







please be patient while we make improvements. 









what's happening in your region:
region 1
region 2
region 3
region 4become a member!﻿existing members please log in above.american beauceron club rescue

     ~ donate to rescue ~ contact us!



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









