







we are imagination fort worth - ifw home






































































skip to content









facebookinstagramyoutube 










  


search for:








about us partners & sponsorsget involvedvirtual programsin-person programs imagination texaselementary programsmiddle school programshigh school programsout of school time programmingspecial seasonal programsnewscontactdonateabout us partners & sponsorsget involvedvirtual programsin-person programs imagination texaselementary programsmiddle school programshigh school programsout of school time programmingspecial seasonal programsnewscontactdonate 









search for:















 





we putimagination in education 
							
we change lives by changing education 
							see our programs 
							 


discovering ideas outside the classroom 
							
combining arts & education in new ways.
more about us 
							 


make an impact with education 
							
help support our  programs 
							get involved 
							 





 




homeifwadmin2024-07-23t12:51:21-05:00 
we are imagination fort worth
a 501(c)3 organization.since 1989, more than five million students have participated in imagination fort worth programs. our programs combine the creative thrill of the arts with the critical educational goals outlined by local and state guidelines. through art, dance, music, and theater, students engage with history, science, math, and language in ways that enhance learning, awaken creativity and create joy.
we envision an educational system with a culture that celebrates the gift of the human imagination and nurtures richness of creative capacity.
eventsevents
from exhibitions to fundraising activities, check out what’s coming soon from imagination fort worth!

see upcoming events
programsprograms
we work with all age groups and help all learners engage with curriculum using creative, arts-based methods.

view our programs
newsnews
check out the latest ifw news!

latest ifw news
0program hours0student experiences0schoolsprogram satisfaction

98%
imagination fort worth supports teachers and students by providing them with creative classroom curriculum, arts-based teaching strategies, and hands-on learning opportunities sustained by our partnerships with local arts, cultural, and cross-sector institutions.
help us change lives through the arts
donate nowimagination fort worth is committed to diversity, equity, accessibility, and inclusion.
call nowemail usdonate



 
 





 imagination fort worth is a 501(c)3 that supports teachers and students by providing them with creative classroom curriculum, arts-based teaching strategies, and hands-on learning opportunities sustained by our partnerships with local arts, cultural, and cross-sector institutions.

 

certifications 
outcomes certified by susan wolfe and associates.

 

contact us phone: 817.870.1141
fax: 817.336.7947
po box 122473, fort worth, tx 76121

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2023-2024 imagination fort worth | all rights reserved | designed by pier 98 marketing 

 
 
 
 


 
 










































































































































































go to top




