








medx health is a leader in teledermatology medx health





















































 









 








skip to content
 


 

menu


home
patients
clinic owners
dermatologists
laser therapy
investors
about
news
contact












accurate|rapid|convenient|peace of mind|assessed by a dermatologist
medx health’s platform allows patients quick & easy access to a certified dermatologist. our class 2 medical scanning technology (siascope), coupled with our hd clinical camera, enables a technician to take a perfect image of a patient’s suspicious mole or lesion along with the patient’s medical history. a dermatologist will review the patient’s skin condition and provide a professional assessment within 72 hours.
waiting to see a dermatologist is now in the past !  
 our services about us 








let's work together 




    
patients
learn how medx can help you and your family




    
clinic owners
learn how medx can help you serve your community




    
physicians and dermatologists
learn how medx can make practice easier for you




    
investors
learn more about our business









some numbers to consider see reference
 




7

melanoma is the 7th most common cancer diagnosed in canada





8200

in 2021, approximately 8200 canadians were diagnosed with melanoma





3.5

outdoor workers are 3.5x more likely to be diagnosed with skin cancer





1300

in 2020, approximately 1300 canadians died of skin cancer





 


as a leader in teledermatologywe have

✓  health authority compliance (fda, ce, health canada)


✓  advanced image capture systems with a class 2 medical device


✓  dermatologist network and peer reviewed support of our solution


✓  the ability to image both pigmented lesions and inflammatory conditions of the skin


✓  a fully secure telemedicine platform called dermsecure to transmit and store images for clinical practice and future comparison


 





 


our siascope® 
 
the siascope is a class 2 medical device that captures five separate images of pigmented lesions. it provides a contact dermoscopic image and four spectrophotometric images that penetrate 2mm below the skin’s surface. these additional images reveal unusual morphology or disorganization, enabling dermatologists to make more accurate assessments.


 

 


 



interested in investing ?  medx is committed to technology that is safe and effective


learn more




  

see for yourself 



investors

 
 
investors
our impact is growing daily and our reach is worldwide





research

 
 
research
research and innovation are our best hopes against skin cancer and other conditions.






  






we are a leader


 


some melanoma stats see reference
 



5
having 5 or more sunburns double your risk of melanoma




9500
people in the us are diagnosed with skin cancer everyday




132000
melanoma skin cancers occur globally each year




20
nearly 20 americans die every day from melanoma









testimonials 

dr. trevor champagnedermatologist game changing programmedx’s technology allows me to assess potentially life-threatening moles or lesions as if the patient were standing right in front of me!
  
marisa spinapatient rapidity, accuracy, and peace of mindmy experience with the medx scanner was non-invasive, taking only 30 seconds. right after images were shown on the computer, i had an appointment with a dermatologist within 3 days. it turned out to be melanoma. so, what i want to say is that it takes 30 seconds to save a life!
  
danielle dupuispatient diagnosed melanoma stage 1i was concerned about a mole on my back and i contacted medx, they did a scan and determined it was melanoma stage 1.
it was sent directly to a dermatologist; a couple days later i’m getting it removed and now i’m okay. i believe that medx is an amazing company, i think that all of their scanners should be everywhere in the world.
this scanner is life-changing for everyone.
   





conversations with ceo's mike druhan from medx health corp 








the groundbreaking solution to melanoma and skin cancer












latest news 







 



tormont50 take : with a major change in the business model and a promising contract in hand, now is the time to take a closer look at medx health corp. 

read full report (pdf) identifying timely topics and trends in the sub-$200 million market. research type: emerging | timeliness: current | date: march 05, 2024medx health corp. tsxv: mdx | …






 



medx health and health partners announce the successful results of its pilot project in the united kingdom and move towards a partnership agreement 

health partners, the uk’s largest non-hospital private healthcare services provider, with over two million patients across 550+ corporate, insurance and government clients, announced its intention to partner with medx after …






 



medx health corp. announces dr. paul cohen as medical spokesperson 

mississauga, on — january 25, 2024 – medx health corp. (“medx” or the “company”) (tsx venture: mdx) is pleased to announce that it has appointed dr. paul cohen, a board-certified dermatologist and …




read more










get in touch 


please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *comment or messagesubmit  


our impact is growing daily and our reach is worldwide
if you need more information about our services or our business vision please reach out and we will connect you with the proper member of our team who can serve you best!





1495 bonhill road, unit # 1 mississauga, on canada l5t 1m2



+1 (905) 670-4428



hello@medxhealth.com












 
keep updated 
 







terms of service | privacy policy
 medx health corp copyright © 2024 - all rights reserved			



 


english (canada)				


 
français					          

türkçe					          
english (canada) 






























