










wnor fm99 - fm99 rocks! live from hampton roads, va!






















































































listen live



search




facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
email
sms
tunein
iphone

android







 




              list of school closings and delays in hampton roads            


















listen
                                    live












































































































































































































































































































































home
media

photos & videos
fm99 backstage pass
get the fm99 app
listen live
fm99 on smart speakers
shelley’s puppies
pet of the day


rumble

rumble podcasts
stupid news
digital drama
best of rumble
rina


on air

recently played
on air schedule
rumble in the morning
rod fitzwell
rina
sean hood
mike alexander
shelley’s lunch box
nick
nikki
rock girl suvanna


news

lifestyle
military
local
music
sports
entertainment
weather


events

all events
adam’s rock and throw disc golf tournament
helping hand
submit your event


contests

contests & rules
fantasy racing
nominate a military hero


connect

contact us
facebook
youtube
twitter
instagram
tik tok
text club
fm99 emails signup
rock solid deals
rock shop


about

advertise with us!
contact us
jobs at fm99
helping hand
christmas wish
e-billing

sign up
sign in




rock solid deals
rock shop
 



 
















 win professional bull riders tickets 



 fantasy racing 



 adam's rock and throw disc golf tournament 



 suvanna's red hot valentine's shoot 



 nick gets his head shaved on coast live 










 





next time on rumble
wednesday – all the latest info on snowmageddon 2025! plus, welcome to the internet and f my life!
in case you missed it...

yes, she is crazy, but the sex must be great
steph has gotten the high hard one in a while
whoever posted that sign is in big trouble!
 





events    govx pbr norfolk     govx pbr norfolk     hampton roads shave to raise!     fm99 presents kim dracula + hanabie.     silent warrior foundation sports

24 hours ago
                    in sports
angels star mike trout moving from center to right field in hopes of staying more healthy



los angeles angels oft-injured star mike trout is moving from center to right field in hopes of better preserving his health.


1 day ago
                    in sports
william byron avoids late wrecks to win 2nd straight daytona 500 for hendrick motorsports



william byron fortuitously missed the ferocious wrecks down the stretch at the daytona 500 that knocked out contenders racing for the checkered flag and left him with a repeat victory in sight.


1 day ago
                    in sports
stephen curry captures mvp honors in all-star game at home, leads shaq’s ogs to victory



the final pregame introduction belonged to none other than stephen curry. the big mvp trophy at the end, curry heaved that up into the air, too, in a fitting finish to his all-star game at home.

trending

6 hours ago
                    in trending, world
delta jet flips upside down on a snowy toronto runway and all 80 aboard survive



a delta air lines jet flipped on its roof while landing monday at toronto's pearson airport, but all 80 people on board survived and those hurt had relatively minor injuries, the airport's chief executive said.


24 hours ago
                    in features, trending
how presidents day has evolved from reverence to retail



the meaning of presidents day has changed dramatically, from being mostly unremarkable and filled with work for washington in the 1700s to the bonanza of consumerism it has become today. for some historians, the holiday has lost all discernible meaning.


1 day ago
                    in features
hong kong residents compete to name twin panda cubs who just turned 6 months old



panda craze has once again gripped hong kong as residents compete to name the territory's first locally-born giant panda cubs who just turned six months old.

 

rock girl 
rock girl

nick gets his head shaved on coast live
suvanna’s red hot valentine’s shoot
polar plunge photos and videos
talking polar plunge on coast live on wtkr news 3



entertainment news

1 day ago
                    in entertainment
nascar hall of famer jeff gordon ready to partner with tom cruise on ‘days of thunder’ sequel



help him, tom cruise! nascar hall of famer jeff gordon wants a "days of thunder" sequel and said at daytona international speedway that he's been in touch with the hollywood actor about making the project come to life.


1 day ago
                    in entertainment, music
shakira resumes world tour with concert in lima after canceling show due to illness



colombian superstar shakira said monday that she will resume her world tour and perform in lima, peru, on monday evening, following the cancellation of a concert over the weekend due to a stomach illness.


1 day ago
                    in entertainment, trending
‘saturday night live’ celebrates 50 years with comedy, music and show’s many, many famous friends



paul simon and sabrina carpenter duetted on simon's "homeward bound" to open the show, five-decade "saturday night live" luminary steve martin delivered the monologue, and paul mccartney gave an epic closing to a 50th anniversary special celebrating the sketch institution that was overflowing with famous former cast members, superstar hosts and legendary guests.


1 day ago
                    in entertainment
‘captain america: brave new world’ soars toward a $100 million holiday weekend



"captain america: brave new world" infused some blockbuster cash into the north american box office, bringing in $88.5 million in ticket sales over the weekend, according to studio estimates sunday.


4 days ago
                    in entertainment
a$ap rocky trial brings clashing closing arguments over gun as rihanna brings tiny sons to court



with rihanna and two toddlers looking on from the audience, a prosecutor at the trial of a$ap rocky told jurors during his closing argument thursday that they have "one critical question" to answer.

 

now playing
 


what's happening

win hampton roads tattoo expo tickets



the hampton roads tattoo expo is happening at the hampton roads convention center march 7-9.


win professional bull riders tickets



professional bull riders brings the pendleton whisky velocity tour to chartway arena, and you could be there for free!


at&t grand opening in newport news



rod fitzwell dialed in and siri-ously had a great time at the at&t grand opening at 12733 jefferson ave in […]


nick gets his head shaved on coast live



nick loses his hair on live television, coast live, while rock girl suvanna and adora from shear passion team up with clippers to complete the job.


adam’s rock and throw disc golf tournament



join us for a day of disc golf at adam’s rock & throw disc golf tournament on saturday, march 22 at munden point park.


fm99 fantasy racing



pick the drivers and score some prizes in fm99 fantasy racing. 

pet of the day



like us on facebook!


































wnor fm99 copyright 2025 saga communications,
                        inc. all rights reserved.
                    
eeo
                            report | fcc public file  | fcc applications
                            for assistance accessing public files, contact pfhelp@tciradio.com 

privacy policy | terms of use |
                        data access request | contests &
                            rules
non-discriminatory advertising letter |
                        advisory public notice - non-discriminatory ad contracts
                    
some images copyright ap, clipart.com































 




















































































loading comments...



 



													you must be logged in to post a comment.												















































