







rutgers university council on children's literature
































  





home

ruccl

about ruccl
the council
links
vivian grey



one-on-one plus conference


conference information

about one-on-one plus
conference program
guest speakers
directions
accommodations
conference tips


participating mentors
success stories
anti-harassment policy



conference application

2024 application
application information and tips
scholarship information


faqs
















                                rutgers university council
                            

                                on children's literature
                            

                                for over fifty years the rutgers university council on children's literature has helped aspiring writers and illustrators of children's and young adult books, both fiction and nonfiction, to grow in craft and professionalism.
                            

learn more about ruccl







                                one-on-one plus
                            

                                conference
                            

                                a unique event for authors and illustrators of children's books bringing together the largest number of professionals of any conference of its kind.
                            

learn more about the conference












announcements and updates

thanks to all who helped make the 2024 one-on-one plus conference a success!
look for conference photos to be posted on facebook in the near future.
thank you to our 2024 keynote speaker: author leslã©a newman



resources

visit us on facebook.  photos from the 2024 conference are now posted!
read about our former mentees who have gone on to publish in the field of children's and young adult books
view the ruccl anti-harassment policy










a unique conference for authors and illustrators of children's books


                                for fifty years the rutgers university council on children's literature has helped aspiring writers and illustrators of children's and young adult books, both fiction and nonfiction, to grow in craft and professionalism.

                                each fall ruccl sponsors the one-on-one plus conference. one-on-one brings together the largest number of professionals of any conference of its kind. the unique one-on-one format gives writers and illustrators a rare opportunity to share their work with an assigned
                                mentor from the children's publishing world, whether it be an editor, agent, art director, or published author or illustrator. these professionals generously volunteer their time to not only critique the work of new and talented writers and illustrators, but also to
                                share constructive information about the overall business of publishing. every attendee is guaranteed a forty-five minute one-on-one manuscript or portfolio review session, and there are additional opportunities to network with our 80+ faculty members.
                            
apply today




rutgers university council on children's literature








  have a question? contact us at: ruccl.org1on1@gmail.com  







 




                                contents © 2003-2024 by rutgers university council on children's literature
                                last updated, november 9, 2024
ruccl / one-on-one plus conference waiver




























