

crystal fine art - multicultural gallery of contemporary artists


















 

crystal fine art is a multicultural art gallery 
              and studio exhibiting local, international, emerging and professional 
              contemporary artists. our hope is to effect social change through 
              the colorful artistry of our diverse community. we intend to address 
              the need for a return to the forgotten period when great artistic 
              minds came together to philosophize about controversial issues. 
              we will, as the artists who came before us, create a center that 
              displays and discusses art as beauty, as social statement and as 
              future definitions for a new millennium. public art is a concept 
              we embrace, it's ability to be shared with a large audience and 
              enrich the lives of those who can understand the vision behind the 
              artist. our mission is to recognize, understand and appreciate the 
              multifaceted creativity within various cultures and backgrounds.

thank you for supporting the arts!







 gallery
artwork on display around boston and the suburbs. 
            contemporary artists from around the world exhibiting paintings, 
            sculptures, works on paper and more. enter 
              the gallery


 


 studio
              artists work on-site and in their studios creating art for our clients. 
              the studio at crystal fine art provides commissioned artwork in 
              many styles and media.

studio 
              information 






current exhibition:
"homeland 
              - li xubai" chinese born artist and poet; li's 
              traditional landscapes are romantic and melancholy at the same time. 
              his paintings take the viewer on a spiritual journey that refreshes 
              and inspires the soul.

 
            past exhibitions:
premiere 
              exhibit
perkins 
              school for the blind fund raising event
americana 
              - david leonard
saints 
              - viktor anufriev
dreaming 
              - li xubai 
fair 
              ladies - candace whittemore lovely 
abstraction 
              - vivian wenhuey chen

slide archive:


 
            look through our archive of artwork by local, international, emerging 
            and professionals artists. most artists are available for commissions. 
            click here to enter the slide 
            archive.
 


services available:
painting 
              - see 
              montana wannasaveang in her studio working on an oil painting 
              commission for a client from bank boston. 
works 
              on paper - watercolors, 
              pastels, drawings and 
              more.
printing 
              -  fine art lithography, 
              etchings, woodcuts, monoprints, solar-prints, collograph, silkscreens, 
              aquatints and more. 
              
photography 
              - color, black&white, 
              digital, non-silver and more. 
              
murals 
              - check out the galaxy 
              mural; a fiber optic light mural with kinetic functions, 3-dimensional 
              planets protruding from the surface and time-lapsed light shows 
              from a supernova.
sculpture 
              - take a look at sowelu, 
              an animation of a stone sculpture being carved and refined to completion. 
              now on display at perkins school for the blind for the children 
              and students to explore with their hands.
multimedia 
              - framing, furniture, jewelry, cyber arts, installations, 
              logo design, corporate consulting, signs, graphic design and more. 
              





[ contact us ] [ 
          directions ] [ 
           guest book ] [ 
          press 
          release ] [ music 
          ] [ links 
          ] [ testimonial 
          ]

© 2013 crystal fine art • all rights reserved

 
               
              





 

