




cox family history of onslow county north carolina






cox family history -- onslow county, north carolina
(descendents of charles cox)                                             
inmotion
this genealogy website proudly accepts the
following awards of recognition:







 







the award is a "link" to leith hutton's superb website

 


the award is a "link" to mark ellsworth hickman's superb
      website, granduncle
      mark's genealogy parlor.


 







the death of my aunt doris jarman cox on 
		may 29, 2010 was very sad. her contributions to the content of this web 
		site were generous and invaluable. we will miss her faith, kindness, and 
		dignity. the photograph to the left was taken early in her marriage to 
		my uncle woodrow wilson "bo" cox. his collection of cox family history 
		made this web site possible. aunt doris honored uncle bo by sharing this 
		internet history for those interested in our genealogy.



photograph above courtesy of colonel joseph m cox, u.s. army. see 

http:/www.coxhistory.com/cox_photos_for_all.htm 

 

 






cox
               family history index and site map






















































































































































new  information is welcomed and individual
credit will be given.
 -- contact webmaster@coxhistory.com 





 


 index  for this web page:
 
            introduction



  

 grist mill 

           
          
colonial settlement
          

           
          
royal deed
          

           
          
last will of charles cox, 1771
          

           
          
text of the above last will
          


 
          
genealogy
          

           
          
the civil war
          

           
          
after the civil war
          

           
          
arthur and mary cox, 1900
          

           
          
adams school house
          

           
          
videotape made in 1987
          

           
          
family diseases
          



           
          
related
    genealogy sites
          

           
          
cox family reunion 9/20/98
          






huldah,
    arthur and eli cox
actual size of ferrotype
circa 1891


 


comments
    and information invited. 

send to webmaster@coxhistory.com 
    





visitors
 
last updated: 
	08/23/11

 


since 3/22/1998




introduction:
my family still lives on a portion of the
land in onslow county, north carolina granted to them in 1741 through the royal
proprietors on behalf of the english crown. my family was never rich or aristocratic -
simply successful in operating a self sufficient farm. the farm is now approximately 100
acres in size located on huffmantown road near richlands, north carolina. my first
cousins, the children of reuben and evelyn cox, are now the owners of the farm that has
been in our family name for more than 250 years.

family history can be a delicate matter. my purpose in
this web page is to give accurate information on the long history of my family. we honor
our ancestors and family by facing truth about them and striving to build on their good
deeds.
as early settlers in carolina, my english ancestors
engaged in the genocide and destruction of native indian americans and in the ownership of
slaves.  my great grandfather, eli, killed two or more persons after the civil war
who are secretly and mysteriously buried somewhere on our family farm. i know these acts
were and are wrong and evil, but my respect for my family and ancestors is not diminished. family
history may not be as we would like it to be. if
accepted, truth about family history can give atonement, understanding, and forgiveness
for present and future generations. 


this family history information is not an evasion of the
truth nor a celebration of such past acts. it is included as a realistic view of my
family's history. it is intended for family members and thousands of interested persons
who may share this family tree.

i am deeply grateful to my aunt, ms. doris j. cox, for
her generous contributions of documents and photos from the thoughtful and valuable
collections of my uncle, woodrow w. cox, used in this history web site.
 



colonial
settlement
charles cox, an
englishman, arrived in wilmington, north carolina  in 1741 from the bahamas or from
charleston, south carolina and was soon granted 640 acres of onslow county wilderness from
the royal proprietors on behalf of the english crown. the consideration of that land grant
was that he clear 18 acres within three years and make the property his home. he met these
conditions.
charles was my
great-great-great-great grandfather. it appears that he was the "unproven" son
of john and martha cox based on the andreas papers and john's last will filed in
charleston, south carolina on august 10, 1738.


for
additional information on "our" cox history from sussex, england, the
bahamas and charleston, south carolina, see the  english
genealogy  (with deep appreciation to ms. wynell simpson
wynells@msn.com
).


for
other information and possible corrections, see the charles
cox ii research) with deep appreciation form billy
j. foster bill_foster_2000@yahoo.com
).



my family ancestors continued
to live on this same farm land in onslow county, north carolina from 1741 until today.
from historical records, we know that charles cox began to operate a grist mill in 1745 on
the same property. the mill operated continuously until 1931. 
all of the children of the children of arthur and mary cox were familiar with
the mill. they all learned to swim in the mill pond -- including the daughters.
women learning to swim in those years was rare. daughter annie mae cox cannady's
painting is below (many thanks to mona padrick,  annie mae's daughter).







click painting to enlarge mill


annie mae cox cannady's 1981 oil painting of the
cox grist mill (this painting from her memory) is the only known illustration of
the mill. the mill operated from 1745 until 1931. the water wheel was a low
cylinder. the dike is partially preserved on the cox farm and was approximately
20 feet high and about 40 feet wide at the base - built with hand labor. many
thanks to mona padrick for this graphic photo of annie mae's art work. excellent illustrations of grist mills are:
http://www.osv.org/education/waterpower/grist.html
http://www.angelfire.com/journal/pondlilymill/graphics.html
http://www.kenyonsgristmill.com/works.html  
http://www.pashnit.com/roads/cal/gristmill.htm 
http://www.herculesengines.com/mills/default.htm 







my family members took part in
the "tuscarora wars" in 1754 to 1757. there are many historical markers in north
carolina where native villages were "destroyed" by english settlers. the
settlers engaged in killing all inhabitants of such native villages.
interestingly, no members of my
family participated in the revolutionary war in 1776. it appears that my family remained
loyal to the english crown but my family was able to avoid making any public choices about
these loyalties. approximately half of the colonists in the onslow area remained loyal to
the english monarchy during the revolution.


for
other information on cox family connections to other onslow residents, see other
onslow families  (with deep appreciation
form constance fisher ( sefisher@coastalnet.com
).

for
other family branches, see aaron cox's genealogy
 
compiled by judy bennett (with credit to fae owens)  genealogy information
generously provided by judy bennett (  judykben@cox.net
 
)

royal deed

above -- this example document has been filled with
"handwriting" in recent times. the "printing" is believed to be an
authentic example of the land-grant deed to colonists during the period of 1741.

see the 
original property description when conveyed (handwritten notes of woodrow w. cox
from his visits to the nc state archives):


last will of
charles cox, 1771 (from the nc state archives)
the following last will (an actual copy
from the state archives) is a disturbing document giving valuable insight into the values
of that period:

(reverse side below)

text of the
above last will 
(the last will above is an actual copy in the nc state archives. please
notice that named slaves were bequeathed in a very casual manner. it is chilling to image
such human property given in a document intended to honor and protect loved ones.)
in the name of god amen, i charles cox of
the county of onslow in the province of north carolina, being weak in body but of sound
mind and memory (blessed be god) do this 11th day of march in the year of our lord 1771 ,
make and publish this my last will and testament in manner and form following: that is to
say, first, i give to my loving wife, rebecca cox, during her natural life my two negro
women hanner and peg; likewise two feather beds and furniture for one. also i give to my
son, charles cox, my negro boy bob and the plantation whereon he now lives, together with
the land thereunto belonging being two hundred forty acres more or less, with my grist
mill and all other privileges and appeurtances thereunto belonging to him and his heirs
forever: also one feather bed to him and his heirs forever.
also i give to my son jesper cox my negro girl rachel. also i give to my daughter susanna
my negro girl lue with one feather bed to her and her heirs forever. also i give to my
daughter sarah cox my negro boy hardy and one feather bed. also i give to my son moses cox
the land and plantation whereon he now liveth containing by estimation two hundred acres
of land to him and his heirs forever. also i give to my son aaron cox the land and
plantation whereon he now liveth containing seventy-five acres to him and his heirs
forever. also i give unto my son-in-law john boston the first living child that my negro
woman peg shall have or bring into the world to him and his heirs forever. also i give to
my son-in-law arthur royal one negro girl jane already in his possession to him and his
heirs forever. i also give to my son-in-law nathan i jones two cows and calves. i make and
order my son moses cox and my son aaron cox to be sole executors of my last will and
testament.
in witness whereof, i the said
charles cox have hereunto set my hand and seal the day and year above written.
charles cox (seal)



a legal
document from 1838 (from woodrow w. cox collections):


  
genealogy
the information on the genealogy page is reprinted
with permission of the family of woodrow w. cox from the heritage of onslow county
© as published in 1983 by hunter publishing company of winston salem. the publisher
encouraged families in onslow county to write educational materials about each family. the
copyright is held by the onslow county historical society and is reprinted here as
educational materials. the family tree information and certain other information printed
are public domain facts. 




the civil
war               
for a superb national park web site, see http://www.itd.nps.gov/cwss/
i have a great interest in the
civil war because of my own combat military service in vietnam. i see no glory in the
confederate effort. the death and slaughter were senseless. that war defined our nation,
abolished slavery, and had great impact on my family. of the three cox sons who went to
fight for the cause of the confederacy, only my great-grandfather, eli cox, survived and
returned.
it is difficult to image any
family sending all three sons to fight for the cause of the confederacy, during the war,
all three brothers (and all three sons of durant cox and mary jarman cox) joined the north
carolina thirty fifth regiment. see: http://www.itd.nps.gov/cwss/regiments.htm
the regiment was an element of walker's division
and was a part of general longstreet's corps. the regiment served throughout the war
and surrendered at appomattox on april 9, 1865.
charles cox, the oldest son of
durant and mary, was married to orpole c. howard on february 21, 1860 - before the war.
this couple had one daughter, sally,  believed to be born in 1860 or 1861. while
assigned at drewry's bluff, charles was the first brother to die while in the hospital of
natural causes on april 3, 1862. he is buried on the family farm in onslow county.
drewry's bluff was a confederate defensive position along the james river south of
richmond and is part of the national battlefields in the richmond area 
   
the second of the brothers to
be killed was william d. cox who joined at age 18 on april 13, 1862 (confederate records
indicate he was age 19). he was killed in night combat near leesburg, virginia on
september 13, 1863 (1862 would seem more correct than some historical records since the
confederate army was in the vicinity of harper's ferry and leesburg in 1862) and had to be
abandoned by his brother, eli. william was age 19 and single when killed.  no record
exists of where his body was buried.
the lone remaining son, eli
cox, survived the civil war even after being captured as a prisoner on march 25, 1865 in
the last offensive effort of the confederate forces attempting to prevent the fall of
petersburg at the attack on fort stedman. he rose to the rank of corporal before capture.
eli was my great grandfather.
before capture, he participated
in the following battles and campaigns:
new bern (march 14,
1862):  http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/nc003.htm
kinston (march 1862): 
http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/nc007.htm

malvern hill (july 1862):   
http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/va021.htm
drewry's bluff (august 1862, june
1863, may 1864): http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/va012.htm
harper's ferry (september 15,
1862):  http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/wv010.htm
antietam (september
1862): http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/md003.htm
fredericksburg (december
1862):     http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/va028.htm  
the nc 35th regt. supported
georgia units at the "stonewall" at fredericksburg against the famous
"irish" brigade of new york city (the new york 69th) during their brave and
heroic charge against the stonewall.
the regiment was ordered back to
north carolina during january 1863 to may 1863 and during july 1863 to may 1864.
eli was not a participant
at gettysburg. the 35th remained in defense of petersburg. 
plymouth, nc (april 1864):  
http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/nc012.htm
then
on may 9th, 1864, the north carolina 35th regiment returned by
train to the defense of  petersburg.
on
may 10 - 12, 1864, the 35th was engaged in a battle at drewry's bluff (the
historic defensive point held by confederates) along the james
river south of  richmond. eli was wounded at about that time - most likely
in that defense. his father and mother (durant and mary jarman) obtained
official permission to travel to richmond to visit him as evidenced by the
document below (from woodrow w. cox's collection of materials):

text of above document (translated by brenda cox  (daughter of
joseph m. cox jr.) and wendy vanalstyne white (daughter of eleanor cox
vanalstyne): 
 "onslow county n.c. may 30th a.d.
1864 (initials). 
 the barrer [sic] of this mr. durant cox visits the city of richmond
in order to see his son who is wounded and now in chimborazo hospital. mr. cox is a
highly respectable citizen of the county of onslow and a loyal and true man to
the government of the confederate states. he has sacrificed two sons upon the
alter of his country and has the third and last son wounded & desires to see
him and administer to his comforts. mr. cox is an old man and his wife also
accompanies him in order to see her son. any assistance will be highly
appreciated. g. h. foy [signature], member of the state legislature and the
house of commons."

the "crater" at
petersburg (july 1864): http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/va070.htm

the 35th reinforced confederate forces defending the attacks in that area after the
explosion at the "crater". had the union attack been more coordinated, the civil
war may have ended within days after the "crater" explosion 

for a complete national park
description of battles, see  http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/tvii.htm
the battle of fort stedman
occurred on march 25, 1865 in which my great grandfather, eli was captured as a prisoner
of war by union forces after being wounded in the leg during the attack. his unit, the
north carolina 35th regiment, was assigned to attack to the north of fort stedman and
widen the gap in union lines as much as possible.  a description of the battle is
found on the website of the national park service for the petersburg battlefield. 
see tour stop 5 in the link below:
see 
http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/va084.htm 


the regiment surrendered at
appomattox at the close of the war.
see http://www2.cr.nps.gov/abpp/battles/va097.htm



eli cox's release
document as a confederate prisoner of war dated june 2, 1865. 
he was captured on march 25, 1865
on the ill-fated confederate attack on the union's fort stedman just east of petersburg
(now in the petersburg national park). his unit, the north carolina thirty fifth regiment,
took part in the attack with approximately 18,000 confederates - half the confederate
force. the attack was a disaster because fort stedman was not easily linked to other
federal fortifications as believed. the confederates actually captured fort stedman and
nearby positions, but were unable to exploit nearby union trenches and rear positions.
federal forces reacted quickly and brought the captured fort under union artillery fire
and those confederates who attempted withdrawal back to rebel lines came under intense
federal fire. the confederates suffered about 5,000 casualties with 1949 captured within a
few hours. union losses were put at 2,107. general longstreet, the confederate commander,
described the attack in his book, four years with general lee, as follows: 
"it was a hazardous adventure at best, but [general lee's]
brave heart went with the proposition for a bold fight."
. . .
"general lee collected about eighteen thousand men near the sallying field, ordered
men selected to cut away the fraise and abatis for the storming column that should advance
with empty guns to avoid premature alarms."
. . . 
"the stormers advanced before daylight, gained quiet possession of the enemy's
picket line, carried his works between batteries 9 and 10, moved to the right and left,
captured fort stedman and its garrison, and turned the guns there and at battery 10
against the enemy."
. . . 
"light broke and the fire opened."
. . .
"the [union] artillery fire not only tore the confederate ranks, but crossed fire in
their rear, cutting off reinforcements and retreat. our side was without artillery, except
captured guns, which were handled by infantry."
. . . 
"many confederates got back to their lines in disordered flight, but 1949 prisoners
and nine stands of colors were taken by the [union] ninth corps."
. . . 
"general meade's estimate of our loss was 5,000."
(general longstreet's book reveals no emotion about the war, but
contains invaluable statistics, facts and time references.)




cox family history:
after the civil war


photo of huldah, 
arthur and eli cox
circa 1891
when eli cox returned from the
civil war in june or july 1865, he was probably in ill health due to his wounds and
imprisonment as a confederate prisoner of war when captured on march 25, 1865 during an
ill-conceived confederate attack on the union’s fort stedman outside petersburg. eli,
wounded in the leg, was one of 1949 rebel prisoners taken in that day’s attack - many
of whom served with him in the north carolina thirty fifth regiment.  after capture,
eli was taken to point lookout, maryland where conditions were cruel, but not equal to
andersonville atrocities. at least two other prisoners at point lookout at the time eli
was there were residents and neighbors who lived within the hominy swamp area.
when eli returned home to onslow
county, times were difficult and hard work was needed to survive. eli’s father,
durant, died on november 17, 1867. eli continued to operate the family farm and grist mill
for his entire life while living with his mother and older sister of the same name, mary.
eli’s mother died in the 1870’s and his sister died in 1894.
sometime after the war, eli had a
violent encounter with "carpetbaggers" at or near his farm. these persons are
presumed to be caucasian since they were never identified by race - we do not know how
many there were.   these individuals were killed (probably with a firearm since
eli limped on his wounded leg) and buried secretly by eli somewhere on the cox farm. some
historians believe that such violence was not that rare in the turbulent times after the
war. other local persons have have participated - including other prisoners who were at
point lookout with eli and who lived nearby. since arthur and his sons (the daughters were
not told) later knew of this incident, it must be presumed that some neighbors knew of it
and protected eli with silence.
in about 1875, eli married huldah
shaw, of a local, neighborhood family. he was about 35 years old and she was about 32.
after numerous miscarriages, huldah’s only surviving son, arthur, was born on
november 25, 1877. at birth, arthur was described as quite small and premature in weight.
huldah was devoted to arthur as an only child.
sometime in the 1890’s, the
cox family two-story traditional wood home burned to the ground after a kitchen fire. the
family was forced to move into a three room "slavehouse" that still stands on
the cox farm.
huldah’s half brother, lewis
shaw, joined the union army during the civil war. after the war, lewis changed his name to
lewis pollock and remained a resident of pennsylvania. after the turn of the century,
lewis sent word to huldah and eli to re-establish family ties. eli refused the offer.
about 1900, arthur married mary
elizabeth kennedy (whose family name had been changed to canady when they moved to onslow
county from beaulaville). mary and arthur lived with eli and huldah. mary and huldah were
quite close. all nine children of arthur and mary were born in this family house.
in his late years, eli accepted a
devout christian life and witnessed to those who came to his mill. he never spoke of the
war nor did he join any of the local veteran’s organizations. that lack of
participation, plus his solo work as a miller,  probably indicated symptoms of war
related stress. there is no family evidence that he ever joined the klan or took interest
in such matters.
on november 1, 1912, eli returned
from early morning work at the grist mill to eat at the family home. minutes later, he was
found lying dead of natural causes by family members in the yard beside the house.
the arthritis in huldah's hands
is very evident in the photo above. huldah, called "grandma huldie", continued
to live with arthur and mary until her death on new year’s eve of 1931.








family home showing eli, mary,
    huldah, unknown male and arthur.
    photo circa 1891


this unpainted,
traditional home of approximately 50 feet by 25 feet had about 2,500 square feet of space.
it was a typical structure owned by successful planters in the region. it appears that the
home had a wood foundation. there appear to be no broken windows, but there are missing
slats in the second story railing – perhaps caused by arthur, an only child in the
home. the trees in the front appear to be fruit trees in the spring before or as buds
developed. orientation of the sun’s shadow would have indicated the house faced east-
northeast (toward huffman road) and the photograph was taken in the morning. this home
burned to the ground sometime after the photograph was taken but before arthur married
mary elizabeth canady about 1900. eli’s older sister, mary, died in 1894. family oral
history indicated that huldah was in the home at the time the fire started. at risk to her
own safety, she made attempts to save family items such as the original chinaware from
england. she tossed as much as possible out the windows but most was still destroyed by
breakage or heat. history handed down later attributed the fire to huldah’s cooking
stove when the fire went out of control. after the fire, the land where the home stood was
plowed under for crops. woodrow w. cox (son of arthur and mary) remembered that utensils
and pieces of tableware would be unearthed when he plowed that area of land as a youth in
the 1910’s.


arthur and mary
cox, 1900






  






the "slavehouse" used as a family
dwelling by the family of mary and arthur cox to raise nine children. mary cox is on the
right with her infant son, joseph. the photo appears to be taken after a winter ice storm.
the house, believed to be built in the 1850's (with considerable renovations in the
1890's), still stands today on the family farm. left photo circa 1902. right photo taken
in 1994.







  






left: photo of arthur crispus cox when he was
a railroad employee.  his
job was to sell newspapers and periodicals to passengers. he rode a train that
went through richlands back and forth to cove city and hamlet, north carolina. one
of arthur's lifelong habits was reading newspapers and periodicals. anthony poe
cox, his grandson and reuben and evelyn's son, tells of arthur's strict
household rules that children could not "bother" his reading
materials. when radio reception was first available, poe tells of how arthur was
one of the first radio owners who loved to listen to the news. he had wires that
he installed as an antenna for better and further reception. arthur was
considered well informed and prided himself on his knowledge of newsworthy
events. these habits may have first developed when he sold  newspapers on
the railroad. photo circa 1899
right: photo of mary and arthur cox in the 1940's with arthur's hunting dogs
(including
queenie) and
his double barrel 12 gauge shotgun.





five
    children of arthur and mary cox (joe, reuben and burma dell were not present in photo):
from left to right
hugh, annie mae, esther,
    julia grace, and woodrow
photo taken at woodrow's and
    doris' 25th wedding anniversary in 1960.





new:  
the loss of the farm in the great depression

woodrow wilson cox ("bo") and reuben
crispus cox (on right) in the cox farm tobacco fields in the 1920's. their labor
saved the farm during the great depression.
in
the early depression of the 1930's, the cox family actually lost the entire farm
for inability to repay a loan secured with a deed of trust owed to john steed, a
merchant in richlands. the family never actually moved from the farm, but rented
or sharecropped. steed allowed arthur crispus cox and his sons, woodrow w. cox
("bo") and reuben crispus cox, to repurchase the farm after about three years. 
this repurchase was especially humiliating to arthur because steed required that
bo and reuben guarantee the debt owed. upon repurchase, bo and reuben were the
owners of two-thirds of the undivided interest in the farm.
although the depression years seem recent, wives had few rights in owning
or control of property.
reuben
and woodrow ("bo") are properly credited with saving the farm with their labor
that produced the tobacco cash crop necessary to repurchase the farm. strong
feelings within the family followed because reuben and bo thought they were
entitled to "equity" for their efforts. both were disappointed that
the other children of arthur and mary did not contribute as much to saving the
farm. most of these heated sibling discussions arose after arthur's death on october 27, 1952
and mary's death on march 5, 1962 when the estate and cox farm was divided among the remaining eight
children as estate heirs.
the
great depression and its aftermath left many emotional scars on members of the cox
family for years to come.
reuben
crispus cox purchased the farm in the 1960's after arthur's death and mary's
stroke rendered her totally disabled and unable to communicate except by body
signals.


joe, annie mae, woodrow, burma dell, julia
grace and esther in 1987 
(hugh was not present in the photo).


 
adams schoolhouse 
(see separate web page)











adams schoolhouse (huffmantown road) circa
1902: this one room school operated from about 1892 until 1924. all children of mary and
arthur cox were educated here. the school students still hold reunions. i attended a
reunion first in 1987 - and two of the teachers were present! the color photo on the
separate page was taken in 1994. the school was partially destroyed by hurricanes bertha
and fran in 1997.
donations can be given to help restore the
school house.
persons having history information, relics,
stories, or photos about the adams school are asked to contact dennis e. jones at dejones@coastalnet.com or hugh cox at

 webmaster@coxhistory.com
 so that a separate website with
much more information can be established.

videotape made in
1987
in 1987, seven of the nine children of mary
and arthur cox were living and were interviewed on videotape about their lives, childhood,
and memories of growing up on the cox family farm. the video contains scenes of the farm,
family graveyards and buildings at that time. that two hour vhs videotape is available to
interested persons. contact 

 webmaster@coxhistory.com
 for information.

family diseases
diseases that sometimes run in the family -
usually at advanced age:
diabetes mellitus: (many of arthur and
mary's children had diabetes.)
mental health stresses: (family oral history tells that durant would often wake up
in the night, light a lantern and awaken his sons to help him inspect his farm property
boundary markers to make certain they were in place and not disturbed. in addition, the
act of eli attacking "carpetbaggers" would appear to an act of rage and temper.
arthur suffered from alcohol abuse


frequently. mary suffered
frequently from hysteria and crying spells. 
skin cancer:


other websites related to north
carolina genealogy - especially onslow county.
special thanks to mary
westbrook-drake for her information and efforts to gather and retain this most valuable
genealogy information. her e-mail is 

 marydrake@mindspring.com



http://www.mindspring.com/~marydrake/note1.htm



mary westbrook-drake's personal website - unique, creative, and refreshing.
http://www.rootsweb.com/~nconslow/onsloww.htm





mary westbrook-drake's superb website on onslow county genealogy - and other counties.

http://www.flex.net/u/golden/nc-state/





another excellent website - and linked to the web site above.

http://posom.com/hl/usa/nc.shtml



a north carolina genealogy website with other "links".
http://www1.linkonline.net/rodpad/genealogy.html



rod paderick's (of california) superb web site with onslow county links
http://www.wisecomp.com/ccl/coxcoop.html 



andi wise's cox
"co-op" of cox's everwhere- anytime - a superb website 


other resource persons and interested
individuals:
   wynell simpson   wynells@msn.com
   francy thompson   francyt@aol.com
   farris crawford   farris.1@netzero.net
   jill cox   jill344@aol.com
   alice brown   alibrown@gibralter.net

   chalker w. brown     chalkb@mediaone.net 
   andi wise     andi.wise@state.or.us
   judy
bennett      judykben@cox.net 




 
cox family
reunion photos of october 6, 2001 cox family and friends reunion / picnic


  
cox
family reunion - september 20, 1998  
this family reunion was attended by numerous
individuals and organizations and was held on the cox farm. more than 200 attended. dennis
e. jones, principal of richlands high school spoke on the history of the local
"hominy swamp community". local historians and re-enactors donated gravestones
to replace those of five  confederate veterans whose headstones were damaged in
recent hurricanes. the hosts were the children of reuben and evelyn cox and their spouses.



 visitors to the cox family
website (plus another 25,000 since 1998).
last updated: 
08/23/11

this educational, non-profit, and
genealogy web site is owned and maintained by hugh d. cox, po box 154,
greenville, nc 27835-0154 who can be contacted at 

webmaster@coxhistory.com 





. 
"you know you are a cox when you are this compulsive about family
history".



(a long term project)




