








seafood restaurant in oranjestad, aruba | top restaurants aruba











































































































home
about us
our menu
reservation
gift cards
gallery
contact us
 







+297 583 2515
find our address
info@driftwoodaruba.com




























home
about us
our menu
reservation
gift cards
gallery
contact us
 













book  your table now









best seafood restaurant in aruba
authentic aruban seafood
driftwood restaurant in aruba welcomes all who are willing to enhance their taste buds with a touch of authentic cuisine for the best dining experience. we have gained trust and popularity due to the top seafood restaurant in aruba demonstrating the freshness of the flavors. our menu is selected to match the fine taste of our guests making driftwood amongst the most famous local seafood restaurant in aruba delivering class apart services.

we are recognized as one of the best fresh fish restaurant in aruba where the catch of the day is prepared by our skilled chef along with the perfect accompaniments. our chefs share the passion of their culinary skills by preparing the best aruban seafood at restaurant. we welcome you to try our unsurpassed delicacies at the best restaurant in aruba considering your refined taste which goes well with the balance cocktails, infused liquors. book your table now for any occasion with driftwood restaurant which is the best seafood restaurant in oranjestad and delight your senses with our signature menu making your evening special.
located on a prime location in downtown oranjestad, our restaurant in aruba offers the delicious seafood in aruba with an excellent taste and a lovely ambiance. come and experience deep sea fishing in aruba as we have our renowned fishing charters in aruba where you can catch your own fish and later savor your exquisite dinner prepared by our well-known chefs. for further information you can contact deep sea fishing charters in aruba as our staff delivers awesome services embracing their roles.
as the best seafood restaurant in aruba we take pleasure in celebrating the success with the number of repeat customers who have given us the most candid and encouraging reviews about driftwood being the best local seafood restaurant in aruba serving the most succulent food and offering an excellent taste. we aim in precision and functionality delivering an exceptional experience whether it is opting for fishing in aruba through driftwood fishing charters aruba or savoring the mouthwatering dishes at our seafood restaurant in oranjestad aruba.
family merryweather


share onfacebooktwitterpinterestgoogle+book your table nowchef recommended menu - signatures dishes recommend by our chefgrilled fish$29.50served with our vinaigrette saucebroiled lobster*$54.00with butter and lemonland and sea kebab*$48.50lobster, shrimp and tenderloin grilled, on two 10” skewers, served with green pepper saucefish and shrimp*$39.50grilled with vinaigrette sauce, in garlic, or pan-fried with creole sauceshare onfacebooktwitterpinterestgoogle+book your table now
our chef – jovani rangel
driftwood seafood restaurant aruba
he started his culinary journey at an early age of seventeen in the hospitality industry in venezuela where he was born and raised.
after establishing himself in aruba twenty-two years ago, he has continued to grow his passion for sea food and aruban cuisine.
jovani has been working with driftwood restaurant in aruba for the past fifteen years offering mouthwatering cuisines for the sea food lovers and contributing in making driftwood as the best sea food restaurant in aruba.



book your table now
popular dishes
our most popular menu
escargot in garlic$9.00with lots of garlic buttercalamari fritti$8.50homemade garlic butter with fresh garlic and herbsfish croquet$6.50served with honey-mustard saucemixed chef’s salad$5.25your choice of dressing: creamy garlic, blue cheese, russian, italian, oil & vinegarshrimp in creole sauce$34.00in mild creole saucecurried shrimp$34.00prepared in a mild creamy curry sauceblackened shrimp$34.00coated with cajun spices served with sweet caribbean peach saucebreaded filet of fish$29.50deep-fried, served with tartar saucefish in garlic$29.50pan-fried, sautéed with wine and pernod liquor and fresh garlicblackened fish$29.50generously coated with cajun spices, pan-fried, served with a sweet caribbean peach sauceseafood pasta alfredo*$44.00fish, shrimp, scallops, baby clams and lobster served over linguine in a creamy alfredo sauce. 
chilean sea bass*$41.00baked, served with creamy coconut-curry sauce or blackened spiced with cajun spices, served with sweet caribbean peach sauceour team membersthe team efficiency has increased due to these members aiming to deliver high standard and quality-based services at driftwood restaurant in arubagerald fontainehead waiterfor the past 19 years gerald has been welcoming the guests at driftwood. he is always ready to make you feel like at home delivering an excellent service.gerald is in -charge of the services at the dinning area and would like to invite you to come and enjoy the experience that our staff has to offer.lando hooiwaiterlando started working with driftwood restaurant when we opened in 1986.a few years later, lando went to live in the netherlands for over twenty years but when lando came back to aruba in 2009, he immediately re-joined the team of driftwood restaurant.andrew frankenbusboyandrew is currently in college and found the opportunity to become a part of the driftwood. he followed the steps of his older brothers who also worked at driftwood before they went off to college.andrew is very friendly and enjoys talking to our guests about their countries and cultures.
would you like to catch your own fish? book your fishing charter with us





address
 klipstraat 12, oranjestad, aruba dutch caribbean
opening hours
monday – saturday5.00 pm – 9:30 pm
+297-5832515
+297-5872321
driftwood restaurant aruba
welcome to a world class restaurant by award winning chefs
book your table now




reservation
contact us
aruba sport fishing
 designed & developed by web tech aruba

























