







teamstar retiree health plan |  call us at 877-577-5148



















































                            give us a call: 877-577-5148 





                            providers and current customers call: 800-808-3239 



















home

retiree health plan

faq
acf plus
comparison


get quote
request information kit





















                            retiree health plan 
























retiree health plan for teamster retirees, 
their spouses or surviving spouses age 65 or older.

new customers: 877-577-5148
providers and current customers call: 800-808-3239





get your free rate quote
get a free info kit!     









a few reasons this program continues to be well received:






group buying power





                            rates for the teamstar retiree health program are not available to the general public.
                        







"automatic" claims filing plus®





                            eliminate paperwork hassles associated with medicare part b claims filing and maximize eligible benefits due under the teamstar retiree health program.
                        







freedom of choice





                            there are no provider lists or referral processes. we believe it is important for you to choose your own doctors and hospitals.
                        







nationwide acceptance





                            teamstar is available in all states and the district of columbia.
                        







choice of plans





                            choose a plan that fits your needs. teamstar offers various plans to supplement your medicare. in some states, we offer plans with a deductible designed to help save premium dollars for teamsters.
                        







affordable premiums





                            in most areas, teamstar is priced very competitively to provide you the best quality and value for the dollar. plus, teamstar offers members unique service advantages.
                        







satisfaction is guaranteed





                            there is no obligation when you request your information package. in addition, when you enroll you have 30 days to review your plan. if you wish to cancel for any reason, simply return your certificate and i.d. card within the 30-day period. any premium, less any claims paid, will be refunded.
                        












get your free rate quote

                            teamstar offers health insurance designed to supplement medicare sponsored by the international brotherhood of teamsters for retirees and their spouses or surviving spouses age 65 and over. since its introduction, thousands of teamster retirees have enrolled in the program.
                        




get a quote now

















“i have never had a problem with the care and service i have received.” 
mario l., local 617 member


“i rate your program and health service as one of the highest standards. thank you for being my provider over the years.”
thomas h., local 315 member


“it is the best program, in all aspects. i recommend it to anyone.”
vincent l., local 584 member


“our needs are always taken care of, in good time and accurately. we appreciate it more as we grow older.” 
maxine l., spouse of local 962 member





give us a call
877-577-5148











about united american insurance company





united american insurance company has been in business since 1947, and is one of the largest nationwide underwriters of individual insurance designed to supplement medicare. for more than 45 years, united american has earned the a (excellent) or higher financial strength rating from a.m. best (as of 8/22). this rating provides assurance that your insurer has the resources to meet all claims.* 
superior companies are defined by a.m. best as having achieved superior overall performance when compared to best's standards. these companies have a very strong ability to meet their policyholder and other contractual obligations over the long term.
regardless of which retiree health plan you choose, you can rest assured your coverage is backed by a strong, reputable company that will be there when you need them.
*this rating refers only to the overall financial status of the company and is not a recommendation of the specific policy provisions, rates or practices of the insurance company.









united american home office 








teamsters - member benefits








teamsters scholarship fund











"automatic" claims filing plus®

superior service included with your retiree health plan.




when you are getting well, the last thing you want is the mountain of paperwork associated with getting medicare claims paid.

"automatic" claims filing plus® (acf plus) offers these advantages:







helps eliminate claims filing headaches…





                            most hospitals — inpatient or outpatient — and skilled nursing facilities file special forms directly with the company. part b claims information is received directly from medicare, practically eliminating your need to file.
                        







speeds claims processing…





                            no waiting until you or your doctor(s) send claims to the insurer! the benefit check for your health care provider is usually in process before you receive your explanation of medicare benefits forms.
                        







direct provider payment…





                            with acf plus customers’ claims and health care provider payments are made automatically when doctors accept medicare assignment. acf plus is virtually paperless which means you won’t have to do anything.
                        







helps ensure no missed claims…





                            the superior service advantage of acf plus helps ensure most eligible benefit dollars due under your plan are paid. doctor bills and explanation of medicare benefits forms can be misunderstood or get lost and never reach you. with acf plus, you will feel safe knowing this concern can disappear.
                        







prompt notification…





                            concise monthly statements showing claims paid will be sent to you. if there are no claims, there is no statement.
                        











                    request information kit
                






                    receive your free booklet guide to medicare & medicare supplements
                    and additional information on becoming a teamstar
                

                    complete the form below, or call 1-877-577-5148. a teamstar customer service representative is available
                    weekdays between 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. central time to answer any questions concerning the teamstar program.
                








first name *



letters only



middle initial



letters only



last name *



letters only



date of birth *



invalid date



enrolling spouse?







spouse first name *



letters only



spouse middle initial



letters only



spouse last name *



letters only



spouse date of birth *



invalid date







street address *






city *



invalid date



select your state *



alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming





zip *










home phone *






email *














request kit


please complete all required fields
{{recaptcha_invalid_message}}








thank you for your request.  we are processing it now.

                            you will soon receive your free booklet guide to medicare & medicare supplements
                            and additional information about the teamstar program
                            if you have any questions concerning the teamstar program, call 1-877-577-5148. a teamstar customer service representative is available
                            weekdays between 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. central time.
                        


















                    p.o. box 8080 • mckinney, texas 75070-8080
                    phone: 1-877-577-5148
                    not connected with or endorsed by the u.s. government or the federal medicare program.

                    
                






                copyright © 2025 teamstar, all right reserved.
                privacy policy |
                hipaa statement |
                terms of use























