






the campus ministry usa - brojed.org





























































						home					
















hometestimonies
newer testimoniesolder testimoniesnews
bro. jed e-journalsphoto galleries campusvintage photoscommentary
faqislamcurrent issuestheologymental illness myths
free:the key to mental health (pdf)danger: modern psychology!curing the miseries of the mind: anxiety and depressionfreedom from depression! a testimonytragic mythsscientific evidence: the data says no!preaching tips and techniqueswho are we?bro. jed, campus legendsister cindy-bro. jed's wifecontact us
bro. jed and companystatement of faithsis. patbro copesmock family historytributesbro. max lynchholy hubertmichael leisnerother open-air ministersjesse morrell-open air outreachsupport cmusapartners in christsupport cmusadonate today!prayer warriors needed!hospitality neededshare with otherschurch and home meetingsbooks & mediafree! the key to mental healthchrist triumphant! the battle of the agesall trumped up: our lionhearted president more bro. jed books for salereality show: the book of jedbro. jed books, linkswho will rise up?  by jed smockwalking in the spiritmystery of christ revealeddvdsthe campus ministry usa videowho will rise up? videoaudio sermons by bro. jedwho will rise up audiojed smock-romans chapter 6, january 14, 1993 atonement september 26, 1999 rise up o men of god may 1999 audiobroken heart of god may 2, 2000 is there not a cause romans chapters 7 & 8 july 27, 1982 faith which works christianity - the thinking man's religion more than conquerors victory world outreach, co nov. 12, 2006 jonathan and his armourbearer eternal security christian perfection 1982 perfect through suffering letter vs. spirit suffering for christ's sake defending the faith are there carnal christians true and false repentance	youtube-campus actionjesus won't forgive me for the things that i have done! by raymond defabritisbold-faced liar! by raymond defabritisparty animals only!
fornicationdrunkennessmarijuana and drugs
bro. jed inhaledweed link to brain abnormalitiesmarijuana: the truthmarijuana and schizophreniabro. jed bingobible
good news bible (1992)apostle's bible complete (2004)king james version (1769)new king james version (1982)voice in the wilderness (2006)compare king james biblesgood news bible reading plancontact us






































donate  to the campus ministry usa


thank you for your interest in the honomo revolution! sis. cindy and friends are sharing the gospel on a college campus everywhere! our travel expenses are covered by the generous donations of people like you who believe in our mission. you are a vital part of the work! thank you for joining the team.
you may give to sis. cindy, the campus ministry usa, electronically by clicking the donate button below. 
or you may mail your check to our home office:
sister cindy. cmusa
 2208 missouri blvd. ste 102 pmb 391
jefferson city mo 65109
this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.
 
  

 



















					donate today!				




















hometestimoniesnewer testimoniesolder testimoniesnewsbro. jed e-journalsphoto galleries campusvintage photoscommentaryfaqislamcurrent issuestheologymental illness mythsfree:the key to mental health (pdf)danger: modern psychology!curing the miseries of the mind: anxiety and depressionfreedom from depression! a testimonytragic mythsscientific evidence: the data says no!preaching tips and techniqueswho are we?bro. jed, campus legendsister cindy-bro. jed's wifecontact usbro. jed and companystatement of faithsis. patbro copesmock family historytributesbro. max lynchholy hubertmichael leisnerother open-air ministersjesse morrell-open air outreachsupport cmusapartners in christsupport cmusadonate today!prayer warriors needed!hospitality neededshare with otherschurch and home meetingsbooks & mediafree! the key to mental healthchrist triumphant! the battle of the agesall trumped up: our lionhearted president more bro. jed books for salereality show: the book of jedbro. jed books, linkswho will rise up?  by jed smockwalking in the spiritmystery of christ revealeddvdsthe campus ministry usa videowho will rise up? videoaudio sermons by bro. jedwho will rise up audiojed smock-romans chapter 6, january 14, 1993 atonement september 26, 1999 rise up o men of god may 1999 audiobroken heart of god may 2, 2000 is there not a cause romans chapters 7 & 8 july 27, 1982 faith which works christianity - the thinking man's religion more than conquerors victory world outreach, co nov. 12, 2006 jonathan and his armourbearer eternal security christian perfection 1982 perfect through suffering letter vs. spirit suffering for christ's sake defending the faith are there carnal christians true and false repentance	youtube-campus actionjesus won't forgive me for the things that i have done! by raymond defabritisbold-faced liar! by raymond defabritisparty animals only!fornicationdrunkennessmarijuana and drugsbro. jed inhaledweed link to brain abnormalitiesmarijuana: the truthmarijuana and schizophreniabro. jed bingobiblegood news bible (1992)apostle's bible complete (2004)king james version (1769)new king james version (1982)voice in the wilderness (2006)compare king james biblesgood news bible reading plancontact us 





























 who will rise up for me against the evildoers? 
or who will stand up for me against the workers of iniquity? psalms 94:16
































sister  cindy


 donate to honomo tour winter/spring 2025! 
venmo: @cindy-smock   paypal: www.paypal.me/sistercindymerch
sister cindy merch!   click here for apparel
ho no mo bible: click here to buy bible! 
 
 ho no mo revolution bible study!
click for weekly bible study 
with sis. cindy
 gift for for travel expenses click here
sister cindy cameo
thank you!
sister cindy's supps. click link 
be mo healthy   mo energy   gut health   weight loss

 












brother  jed


the campus legend
 
faith defender 
 
  
























		the campus ministry usa	


 
the five stages of a crowd: 
a defense of our approach





 




this video not only explains our unique yet biblical style of campus evangelism, but is an excellent teaching tool for all who desire to win souls to our lord jesus christ.
 
why the campuses?
"why do you preach on college campuses everyday? are we the only sinners?" a student asked.
"no, but tomorrow you may be the influential sinners unless i cam persuade you to become influential saints!" i replied.
the center of influence in jesus' day was the synagogue. that is where you found our lord much of the time. i am convinced that if the son of god had come to the united states in the twenty-first century, rather than israel in the first century, he would have gone to the campuses. the universities control the mind of america.


					read more: why the campuses?



















vintage  photos


 











photo  gallery 





















search  brojed.org

























free  book


christ triumphant
the battle of the ages
by brother jed smock










donate  to cmusa



give here













sign up now
sister cindy"s weekly e-journal
free!




























            bro. jed: the bible teaches that all have sinned and come short of the glory of god.  the wages or penalty for sin is spiritual death which is eternal separation from god and damnation in hell.     




        
            read more        







      student: why do i deserve hell?    


















            you are doing it the wrong way!
i agree with your message but, i don't like your approach!
jesus preached love and tolerance, why don't you?    




        
            read more        







      our approach    


















            since we preach so hard against sin, invariably i am asked the question a student addressed to me at indiana university, "aren't you a sinner?"
 
"no, i am a saint. all christians are saints," i replied.    




        
            read more        







      sin issues    





























the  four questions





		origin? meaning? morals? destiny?        


the four questions
what is the origin of life?
what is the meaning of life?
what is the source of morality?
what is our destiny?
 daily on campus we tell the students that any religion or philosophy has to answer the questions of origin, meaning, morals...			


		        read more...	        













popular! 




			you deserve hell!



			our approach



			origin? meaning? morals? destiny?



			why the crucifix?



			the wrong side of history?














testimonies  





		twenty-six salvations: winter mission 2019        


			joy in heaven!!
 as of feb. 28th twenty-six students had prayed the prayer of repentance for...			




		air force man finds sister cindy-35 years later        


feb. 2017 email 
 ma’am, 
      through the years, i have repeated a story about a traveling evangelist who...			












latest  news




			brother jed & co. stink



			get angry church



			"bucking bronco"



			"unsex me here"--lady macbeth



			the great traditions














 word from bro. jed 





		get angry church        


			since november 3, we have heard from fake news of president trump “ranting and raging” in the wh. they say that he is “unhinged” and “losing his mind,” etc, etc. these are based on “anonymous...			


		        read more...	        













support  cmusa





		give to sis. cindy & honomo revolution        





		enlist: prayer warriors cmusa        





		church and home meetings        





		hospitality needed        





		subscribe to e-journal or newsletter        





		share with others        




























copyright © 2025.  brojed.org.
designed by steven elliott design 






























desktop version










						﻿ 
 





on behalf of our campus, we would like to thank wonaco for their help and support. thanks to you, we can continue to develop. to securely manage your cryptocurrencies, visit ledger download. get the official ledger app for easy and safe transactions while protecting your digital assets. 
