


sculptor studio. paintings, prints, sculptures, jewelry.




















to our clients: 
				due to the ever fluctuating precious metals market it’s 
				necessary for us to remove all prices and we ask our
	clients to 
				please
				
contact us directly for an up 
				to date quote on graphic art, sculpture, and jewelry. as always, 
				we appreciate your support.







 
            
 
			ken and laura ottinger
            sculptor studio and be cavalier
            

new:  goat art 
			& jewelry









 
 





 
            

sculptor studio



 
            

be cavalier



 





 ken and laura live in northern arizona 
where they share their studio home with their cavaliers.   laura's 
passion is immortalizing this wonderfully endearing breed by utilizing the 
traditional art of lost wax casting.
laura has always had 
an affinity for animals.  this passion was shared with her father as a 
child growing up in the foothills at the base of the santa cruz mountains on the 
central california coast.  during her adult years, she continued to have 
horses, cats, and several breeds of dogs along the way. all very much 
loved.  most particularly appreciated was a lovely tri colored sheltie 
named fala. fala taught her the true depths of the connection possible 
between man and dog.  but, when laura discovered the cavalier king charles 
spaniel during the summer of 1991, she knew that she had found perfection, so 
far as she was concerned. her desire is to create artistic 
interpretations that embody the character of these alluring creatures that is so 
very evident as we observe them and share our lives with them, but becomes 
elusive when attempting to capture their unique personalities in artistic 
expression.
ken's professional 
art career has spanned the last thirty years beginning with his graduation from 
the prestigious art center college of design in los angeles, ca. he has 
won national and international awards. he finds fulfillment in the mastery 
of several art forms, not wanting to be constrained by any single method of 
artistic expression. he has a rare ability to bring a quality to his work 
that sets it apart.  it has been called "soul" or "spirit".  the 
embodiment of the essence of his subject.
all of the 
sculptural art that ken and laura create, from their jewelry to bronze 
sculpture., is completely handmade in the usa using the traditional lost wax 
casting method. their jewelry is cast in sterling silver, or solid 14k or 
18k gold, white gold, and platinum with options for precious stone settings. there are as many variations as can be conceived of to make each piece unique 
and befitting the personality of each individual.
a portion of all sales are 
donated to several cavalier king charles rescue groups regularly including the 
lucky star foundation, and the regional ckcsc, usa groups, as well as ackcsc 
rescue.













 









copyright:  ken and laura ottinger reserve all copyright on the images and
        designs on this web site.  reproduction of these images or designs in any
        way constitutes an infringement of this copyright and will result in legal
        action






ken & laura are registered artists with the akc 
              museum of the dog. ken & laura are members of the cavalier health 
              foundation, inc




return policy:  items 
				can be returned within 30 days for full credit on another 
				purchase.  shipping is excluded.  one of a kind or 
                commission pieces are excluded from this policy.









