






chicago wingfest | best chicken wing festival - things to do in chicago



































































































            
 
saturday, april 17, 2021 @ 1 pm
credit union 1 arena
525 s racine ave.
join our mailing list








 



 
 


faqs     about wingfest     contact us
 
 



 

hall of fame     wing eating competition    gallery
 
 
 




faqs    about wingfest    contact us     hall of fame    wing eating competition    media
 
 
 
 
 




wings consumed

 
 
 






gallery
 

 
 
 




get your restaurant involved
 

 
 
 
 
 



details of chicago wingfest:
chicago’s best wingfest brings together restaurants throughout all of chicagoland to compete for best bbq wings, best exotic wings, best hot wings, best mild wings, best of fest, and (new next year) peoples’ choice award!
all-you-can-eat chicken wings from over 35 of chicago’s best restaurants
enjoy live music performing throughout the event and wing eating competitions.
proceeds from ticket sales support chicago local charities.
please note: this event is restricted to ages 10 years and older.
 

 
 
 
 








 
 
 



2020 restaurants 

 
 




 



 



 



 



 
 




 



 



 



 



 
 




 



 



 



 



 
 




 



 



 



 



 
 




 



 



 



 



 
 




 



 



 



 



 
 




 



 
 
 
 
 


 
 


our sponsors 

 
 




 



 



 



 
 




 



 
 
 
 


charities 

 
 




 



 
 

 



 
 
 
 



2019 winners 

 
 
 



best of fest 
house of blues
best dressed booth – mcwethy’s sports bar
 
 

mild

house of blues
rack house kitchen & tavern
granero

 
 

bbq
1. son of a butcher tied 2. crossroads bar & grill tied 2. flo & santos
 
 

exotic

granero
estrella negra
the river kitchen and bar

 
 

hot

southern branch tavern & grille
son of a butcher
crossroads bar & grill

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 



terms & conditions
 
 

followfollow
 
 

privacy policy
 
facebook
 
 
 
 











subscribe to our newsletterjoin our email list to receive the latest news and updates from wingfest.











subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!





 
 
 
  


 
 
 

 





we hold the health and safety of our vendors, sponsors, employees, and guests as our top priority.
due to the covid-19 pandemic and the mandates made in compliance with the cdc and the il department of public health, wingfest 2020 is canceled.
while this is extremely disappointing, we are excited to announce that wingfest 2021 will be held on saturday, april 17, 2021.
 we look forward to seeing you next year!
please follow us on social media or sign up for our mailing list for future updates.
all refunds will automatically be issued via ticketmaster or point of purchase.
please stay safe and take care.
-lodge management group


			×            




 




































