






hope rocks custom engraved stones





















toggle navigation








gallery 

names & addresses
memorial stones
pet memorial stones
wedding gifts
anniversary gifts
garden stones
inspirational stones
special events


contact us






hope rocks - custom engraved stones
it is our first priority to produce for you the absolute best engraved rock available anywhere.  if you are not satisifed with the process or end product, we will refund your money.

get started
jump to pictures





welcome

 first, let me thank you again for visiting our website. it means alot to us
        that you want to know more about who we are. so let me begin...

            who we are...
        

            hope rocks! is a family owned business by myself (david) and my lovely wife dionne,
            and 4 strong boys (which come in really handy!)  we also added beautiful daughters in 2008 and 2013 to our clan.
              we have been engraving rocks for about 12 years now, and our business has been steadily growing in popularity since its
            first day. the most important thing you should know about our business is that we put customer service first.  period.

            for an example of what our customers think about us, you should visit our customer testimonials page.

            some of you may have guessed, that the name "hope rocks" has a double meaning, and
            for us that meaning is clear in the hope that we have through jesus christ.  this
            business, in addition to providing a valuable service to those who need engraved
            stones, can provide comfort for those who need it, or joy to those celebrating some
            of life's most precious events.
        

            why we engrave rocks...
        

            we started engraving rocks because we wanted one.  we ended up on a waiting
            list for about 8 months in order to get one from a local engraver.  finally,
            we ended up with a rock for our yard.  but that wait started the process
            that has brought us to today.

            we continue to engrave custom rocks because we love it.  we love the final
            product that has our unique engraving expertise combined with your most desired
            look and spirit.  there is a great deal of satisfaction working with customers
            one on one, and giving them exactly the right stone with exactly the right engraving.  
            nothing is better than seeing a customer's face when they first look at the stone
            and are amazed..
        

            where we are located...
        

            we are located just outside of louisville, ne, south of omaha, ne about 25
            miles.  the internet has made it possible to serve customers all over
            the united states, and even several international locations have our custom engraved
            stones.
        




























































































































