


the original villa amor









































es 





 usa 619 819 5969
								



 mex 329 29 13010
								








the original villa amor


























home


villas


things to do in sayulita


about


weddings



							newsletter
						


promotions






es 





 usa 619 819 5969
									



 mex 329 29 13010
									


















subscribe








* indicates required
								

email address  *





first name 







 








latest news!

















































previous



next












1 bedroom





2 bedrooms





3 bedrooms










come stay with us




"let us help you book the perfect villa for your stay with us"






kristell garcia


reservations assistant


reservations@villaamor.com

















karen orozco


general manager


"our whole villa amor team ready to serve you"






oceanfront villas in sayulita


villa amor is a beachfront resort in sayulita bay, located 45 minutes from puerto vallarta international airport. the resort features individually designed and decorated villas with ocean views and surrounded by greenery. onsite amenities include a beachfront bistro and bar, outdoor yoga studio, and 2-level swimming pool. the resort offers a relaxed and laid-back atmosphere, allowing guests to unwind and enjoy the sound of the surf.
								












resort amenities





weddings








things to do in sayulita









francisco langarica


front desk & concierge


transportation@villaamor.com
"how can i help you while here in sayulita"






















































previous



next













our customer comments










best place i have ever stayed
great location, beautiful villas, very clean and well maintained, amazing staff. hands down the best place i have ever stayed in mexico. book it, you won't be disappointed. we stayed in villa escandito, but i'm sure all the offerings are just as wonderful.











viva mexican villa!
amazing design with carefully curated decor to give an authentic mexican villa feel. stayed at villa hermosas- views of garden, pool and partial ocean. villas are on a steep hill but ours is near the base. no tv which we did not miss. bed was comfy w/ lots of pillows. kitchen fully equipped. no double-lock on the door but it was a gated compound. check-in was a breeze, front desk staff was multilingual. we'll definitely be back.











sayulita amor
beautiful resort. stayed here a couple days for a wedding in february, and my wife and i really enjoyed our time. walking distance to the beach, and walking distance to the main square. depending on your room, you may have to walk up a couple flight of stairs - didn't bother us, but be aware if you don't like to walk up a bunch of stairs. also depending on your room, great views of sayulita. i would recommend and come back again.











vacation
lovely resort work very nice and helpful people. in our party we rented the delfin studio, two bedroom armonia, and the three bedroom tortuga. all were very nice. the tortuga living space is open and drafty. the restaurant located here was fabulous and very friendly staff.











oceana
dear owner,

													my wife and i checked into villa amor on 22 november. spent the first night in serena (buenísima) and yesterday moved into oceana (¡maravillosa!) for 13 more nights. this suite feels like it must be your home away from home and we want to thank you for welcoming us here. enjoying so many personal touches, particularly the photos and artwork - especially the dogs! we lost our zoey 10 months ago. she had been to sayulita with us many times and we are missing her a lot on this trip. it’s good to see the terrier (cairn?) photos and painting. we love it here and are already longing to return - perhaps for a month next time?.
												
stanley townsend











family paradise
our stay at villa amor was unforgettable! my husband, our two kids, and i loved every moment. the ocean view from our villa was stunning, and the walk to the quiet playa de los muertos was just five minutes.

												the staff was so friendly and made us feel at home, always ready to help with anything we needed. the villa was clean, cozy, and had everything we could ask for.
												
we enjoyed yoga, exploring the town, and just relaxing as a family. if you're looking for a beautiful, peaceful place in sayulita, villa amor is perfect! we can’t wait to come back.





































the original villa amor














the original villa amor






















resort information




 usa 619 819 5969
              



 mex 329 29 13010
              



reservations@villaamor.com


camino a los muertos s/n 
              c.p. 63734 sayulita, mexico.






terms & conditions

policies
privacy policy






related articles


perfect weekend in sayulita
riding the waves of life with las olas surf in méxico
sayulita méxico travel guide
holiday sickness






villas for sale



loading villas...





















        ©
        made by
        rozos media 2025
      









click here for availability





















