






natural feast, how to cook, recipes, ziti with shrimps and clams fra diavolo, black figs and prosciutto
















 




skip to content







menu








search




search for:




 



home
food
recipes
 





recent posts

link to italian cooking


italian cooking


this site offers a variety of recipes that particularly focus on italian cooking. everyone enjoys a hearty meal and italians are the best at creating these concoctions using an amazing array of...view post 















link to beet and apple salad


beet and apple salad


the beets can be prepared up to 1 day ahead. the salad can be prepared 1 day ahead, covered, and refrigerated. garnish with the cheese and nuts just before serving.

dressing

1. to make the...view post 















link to red potatoes and wilted greens


red potatoes and wilted greens


having discovered farmer's markets and fresh produce grown in season not too far from where it is sold, the editors of gourmet magazine have put together a compilation of recipes from the magazine...view post 















link to pasta with fava beans


pasta with fava beans


traditionally, my family enjoys fava beans with sautéed onions in the spring when favas are freshest. i created this dish combining fava beans, mushrooms, prosciutto, fresh tomatoes and tossed with...view post 















link to pasta primavera with pesto napoletana


pasta primavera with pesto napoletana


as its name suggests, this dish is particularly welcome in spring, when an abundance of fresh vegetables appear in the garden and in the marketplace. it's also a time when i want to eat lighter fare;...view post 















link to eggplant parmigiana


eggplant parmigiana


eggplant or melanzane fried and baked with a marvelous tomato sauce served on crispy italian bread is a recipe that almost everyone can enjoy. frying your eggplant to a tender, crisp, golden texture,...view post 















link to black figs and prosciutto


black figs and prosciutto


sweet delicious figs, tempting prosciutto and seasoned fennel with olive oil and black pepper.

you can serve this most simple appetizer for an attractive beginning or starter meal. taking only...view post 















page 1
page 2
next »




 

beet and apple salad
red potatoes and wilted greens
pasta with fava beans
pasta primavera with pesto napoletana
eggplant parmigiana
black figs and prosciutto
ziti with shrimps and clams fra diavolo
italian cooking









					© 2025 copyright natural feast, how to cook, recipes, ziti with shrimps and clams fra diavolo, black figs and prosciutto			











