





































    octagon wildlife sanctuary
  














               


 
    home



  about


   the sanctuary



  disclaimer



  supporters



  links





  animals


   bears



  birds



  canines



  cougars



  hyenas



  lions﻿



  others



  primates﻿



  reptiles﻿



  small cats﻿



  tigers﻿





  gift shop



  online gift shop



  videos



  donations



  contact



  make a reservation



  google reviews



  cash gift cards



  guided tour gift card:





 41660 horseshoe road • punta gorda, fl 33982 •
239-543-1130








    
 





         

we only offer guided tours. (click here for reservations)

 gift cards now available




    welcome to octagon wildlife sanctuary
  our mission:  to provide a safe haven for exotic zoo type animals and to ensure they live out their lives in a healthy, stress free, clean and loving environment.

 we are a forever home for no longer needed or wanted, and sometimes mistreated exotic animals, since 1978.  the continued support from our volunteers, the community, and donations from visitors like you, we are able to continue our mission.

 



   octagon wildlife sanctuary is located on horseshoe road in punta gorda, fl just west of state road 31. visit the 'directions' link located above for the best driving routes. octagon is not affiliated with any other organization in the state of florida or otherwise. the board of directors are unpaid volunteers as are all the people who care for the animals, the sanctuary grounds and many other daily operations.all the animals in our care reside here. to minimize the stress on the animals and ensure their safety at all times, we no longer bring any of our animals to locations or events for promotional purposes.families, seniors, individuals - we are wheelchair accessible and have beverages available for purchase. there are multiple areas to sit, please check the weather before you come and dress appropriately!
 




   



    mark your calendar - #givingtuesday is on december 3, 2024!




   

 
"giving tuesday is a global generosity movement unleashing the power of people and organizations."
on giving tuesday, please keep our amazing animals in mind! we run off of volunteers and lots of love but could use your help! please show us your support by making a donation below. we appreciate any amount that you can give! thank you!
 




   
 proud member of
 
    

  winner of pgcc's 2010 & 2011 business of the year award
  

button




  

  charlotte county chamber of commerce
  

button










   
 ways to donate
 
    

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button







 








       


 octagon sequence of eight - a non-profit, charitable 501(c)(3) organization41660 horseshoe rd punta gorda, fl 33982 (239) 543-1130contact@octagonwildlife.org

     

 

 

 

 

 

 




thank you for your support.  copyright © 2022 all rights reserved
















































































































  
  share by:








