





strictly film school – [archives from 10/97-3/11]































skip to content


			main navigation		


strictly film school[archives from 10/97-3/11]














pop up search form



















categories

directors

film festivals and retrospectives

film related reading

independent filmmaking

national cinema

panel discussions and colloquia


pages

alphabetical film list
alphabetical reading list



search







afterlife kinoculture 









suspended lives, revenant images. on harun farocki’s film respite by sylvie lindeperg

 december 27, 2017 (february 5, 2018) acquarello 


note: suspended lives, revenant images. on harun farocki’s film respite was first published in trafic, no. 70/2009 and is reprinted in harun farocki: against what? against whom?, edited by antje ehmann and kodwo eshun. harun farocki’s respite is something of a ghost film, revisiting his exposition on the intersection between productivity and violence (as captured […]


 directorsharun farocki 






split screen: belgian cinema and cultural identity by philip mosley

 december 26, 2017 (january 9, 2018) acquarello 


in split screen: belgian cinema and cultural identity, author philip mosley makes a salient and illuminating re-evaluation of a bifurcated belgian cinema, not only through the reality of a federal state characterized by a decentralized government and regional autonomy, but also irreparably marked by occupation and war, and divided by a cultural heterogeneity that has […]


 directors, film related reading, national cinemaandré delvaux, belgian cinema, chantal akerman, film criticism, ivo michiels, jean-pierre and luc dardenne, paul meyer, raoul servais, rik kuypers, roland verhavert 






shohei imamura (cinematheque ontario monographs, no. 1), edited by james quandt

 december 26, 2017 (march 13, 2018) acquarello 


i am interested in the relationship of the lower part of the human body and the lower part of the social structure. shohei imamura is a compilation of reflexive, analytical, and appreciative essays on imamura’s idiosyncratic and critical, yet compassionate films that examine the dichotomy of human behavior in the structured, conformist, and highly ordered […]


 directors, film related readingfilm criticism, shohei imamura, yasujiro ozu 






russian critics on the cinema of glasnost, edited by michael brashinsky and andrew horton

 december 26, 2017 (december 27, 2017) acquarello 


russian critics on the cinema of glasnost, edited by michael brashinsky and andrew horton, is a book in two parts: the first, films in a shifting landscape, is a series of essays analyzing the historical and cultural legacy that shaped three generations of soviet film criticism; the second, glasnost’s top ten, is a compilation of […]


 directors, film related reading, national cinemaaleksandr sokurov, andrei tarkovsky 






rows and rows of fences – ritwik ghatak on cinema by ritwik ghatak

 december 26, 2017 (january 9, 2018) acquarello 


published as an updated version of the compilation cinema and i – a repository of essays, ancillary working notes, talking scripts, and interviews by bengali filmmaker ritwik ghatak – rows and rows of fences – ritwik ghatak on cinema is an inspired, thoughtful, fascinating, articulate, and insightful collection of articles that at once, serve as […]


 directors, film related readingfilm criticism, film theory, ritwik ghatak 






reframing japanese cinema: authorship, genre, history, edited by arthur nolletti jr. and david desser

 december 26, 2017 (january 9, 2018) acquarello 


reframing japanese cinema provides a comprehensive and varied perspective on japanese cinema through a series of essays on a director’s signature style (authorship), culturally representative film genres, and historical evolution of the japanese film industry. of the three sections on authorship, genre, and history, the articles on authorship provide the most revealing insight into the […]


 directors, film related readingakira kurosawa, kenji mizoguchi, nagisa oshima, shochiku, yasujiro ozu 






				posts navigation			


1 

2 

3 

… 

186 

❯ 






tagsalain resnaisaleksandr sokurovaustrian cinemabelgian cinemabritish cinemacarlos sauracarl theodor dreyerchantal akermanchinese cinemachris markerdocumentaryessay filmexperimental cinemafilm comment selectsfilm criticismfilm theoryfrench cinemagerman cinemaharun farockihou hsiao-hsienhuman rights watchindian cinemaingmar bergmaniranian cinemaitalian cinemajapanese cinemakenji mizoguchikorean cinemanagisa oshimanew york african film festivalnew york video film festivalnyffpolish cinemarendez-vous with french cinemaromanian cinemarussian cinemasatyajit rayshohei imamuraspanish cinemaspanish cinema nowswedish cinemataiwanese cinematurkish cinemaviews from the avant-gardeyasujiro ozu
tagsalain resnaisaleksandr sokurovaustrian cinemabelgian cinemabritish cinemacarlos sauracarl theodor dreyerchantal akermanchinese cinemachris markerdocumentaryessay filmexperimental cinemafilm comment selectsfilm criticismfilm theoryfrench cinemagerman cinemaharun farockihou hsiao-hsienhuman rights watchindian cinemaingmar bergmaniranian cinemaitalian cinemajapanese cinemakenji mizoguchikorean cinemanagisa oshimanew york african film festivalnew york video film festivalnyffpolish cinemarendez-vous with french cinemaromanian cinemarussian cinemasatyajit rayshohei imamuraspanish cinemaspanish cinema nowswedish cinemataiwanese cinematurkish cinemaviews from the avant-gardeyasujiro ozu












						copyright ©2025 strictly film school : [archives from 10/97-3/11]. theme: simple news by indocreativemedia.
					















