






mid west deer works







































mid west deer works








contactabout uslocations we serve









midwest deer works 
specialized taxidermy services


about us
contact








our company

at the heart of every piece, a story lingers. the story of unsaid experiences, the story of precision, and the story that lies behind the tapestry of taxidermy trophies. our skilled team at midwest deer works specializes in producing works of art that honor your hunting memories to a life-like state for years to come. visit our about page for more info about our company’s rich history! 

do you want to capture your core hunting moments to life? we are here to help you with premium taxidermy techniques to create the exact grandeur and stature of the animal for you to display. we prepare the animal, carefully peeling its skin off its flesh. the skin is cleaned of any flesh, so there is no odor or any material left that can undergo decomposition. the body is filled up with life-like wood wool or maybe saw-dust to feel fleshy. any broken antler is no problem for us; we fix it with original tines so it may not feel like it was broken.

at midwest deer works, we have the caliber to reproduce the exact replicas of your beloved pet, maybe your hunted animal that may not be in a condition to get taxidermized reproduce using only the legal perimeters to ensure no specific animal is killed for taxidermy purposes. to get a precise look at what we do, we ask you to navigate other pages to get an insight into our bespoke craftsmanship. you may also look for the generic price list to get an idea of the competitive prices we offer for the expert services we deliver. you can contact us at customers@midwestdeerworksdeerworks.com for a detailed consultation.







our services





reproductions
in taxidermy reproduction, the replicas of the original animal are reproduced using special fiberglass or plaster molding techniques to cast the original shape of the animal. reproduction taxidermy has its own benefits. there is no need to have the original animal’s skin to get the taxidermy. instead, we craft the taxidermied animals from the original pictures or the original dead animal, take the measurements, and create an actual casting of the animal.
customers may opt for reproducing taxidermy because it can save the species from unethical killing, it is more ethical, and the animal species can be saved from hunters hunting it illegally. reproducing it will give you the exact replica of the animal you wish.variety of species:midwest deer works offers you the taxidermy of many species and not just a deer; you can have the fish or any vertebrates you may wish. elk, moose, and many other flying birds and reptiles can be reproduced by our family-owned taxidermy business.durability: a reproduced taxidermy species can last you longer, so you can gift them to your grandkids, while the skin on taxidermy may last a few years, depending on the place they are mounted on. it also depends on the maintenance of the taxidermy mount, yet the reproduced taxidermy can last for longer than the original taxidermy, that’s for sure.customization:it also provides you with customization so you can get specific features reproduced in the taxidermy. if you need to reproduce the taxidermy of any species, you can email us at customers@midwestdeerworksdeerworks.com to get a quote for your desired taxidermy.




taxidermy
taxidermy is both an art and a science. it is an intricate way of preparing a dead animal’s original look by skinning it and filling it with faux fillers to make it feel like its original body while maintaining its overall natural look. museums or proud hunters want to display the taxidermied animal to display it, or skin scientists may need it to study skin. process overview: 
to actually find out what the taxidermy process involves, let’s follow the step-by-step process of how an animal is taxidermied.

the skin of the specimen is removed from its body, with just a single cut that goes all the way from its throat down to the belly so it is pierced open. 
all flesh is removed carefully from the skin, leaving no traces of flesh hanging with the skin so it may not get decomposed and destroyed later. skin and bones are both cleaned.
while the skin is removed, the internal body lays flat in front of you; it is then sketched out carefully on paper; no details are missed at this point, which helps to give a clear, life-like display.
the skull is sculpted with air-dry clay, wood wool, or coconut fibers rolled to the shape of the body, the bones are pinned with the body, and later on, the skin is glued to the skull and the body.
the taxidermized display is then mounted on the exact palace where it must feel like it was there forever.types of mounts: 

at midwest deer works, we offer a range of taxidermy mounts that meet your needs.

shoulder mount: head of the animal or a cape
full-body mount: the whole body is displayed 
european mount: also a skull mount where the skull is taxidermy.
rug mount: the head is intact, while the rest of the skin stretches as a rug would.
finess mount: use a slightly longer cape to give the view of the shoulder and have greater precision than a head mount.materials used: 

to create a life-like taxidermy, we at midwest deer works ensure the use of high-quality materials.
high-density polyurethane is used to sculpt the body so it may keep its shape for many seasons.
clear glass is used to form glass eyes that have the ideal depth and are painted so naturally that no one can take the eyes off. we treat the skin clearly off its flesh; the skin is properly tanned, so it may not deteriorate over time.
experience & craftsmanship:since 2011, a family-owned taxidermized has expanded and has become a household name; we are proud to name midwest deer works as a reliable name with 6 members of our team working meticulously to provide the intricate and flawless pieces of taxidermy species to create share in making your memories stay forever.












antler repair 
the most common repair in the taxidermy is the antler repairing. since hunting is by far a rough thing, the organs that get mostly affected are the antlers of any animal. they are broken, or they are chipped off, so to fix them, you need specialized craftsmen who can treat them like they were originally there, all intact.
types of damage: 
among the many damages to the antlers, we at midwest deer works repair the broken tines, which are either present with the body or maybe they are not present there at all. we create them from scratch. we even repair the minor to full cracks to mend the damage to the antler. in some cases, there are only a few chips or dents; we fill them and color them accordingly to feel as if they are original.
process: 
the most common repair in the taxidermy is the antler repairing. since hunting is by far a rough thing, the organs that get mostly affected are the antlers of any animal. they are broken, or they are chipped off, so to fix them, you need specialized craftsmen who can treat them like they were originally there, all intact.





reproduction painting
in reproduction taxidermy, painting the figurines is a significant step, which can make the animal feel actual or in its best form when it was alive, as close to the original taxidermy as possible.
custom painting services: a taxidermist paints the sculpted animal with life-like colors, most of which are polytranspar in our case because we at midwest deer works ensure each reproduced piece presents the replica with intricate detailing of colors. we also provide customized services for painting the requirements as per your requested features. such customization ensures the uniqueness of the reproduced taxidermy is maintained.
colors & textures: midwest deer works taxidermy provides the services of its expert artisans, who ensure the reproduced taxidermy has the right color and textures. the finished replicas resemble big times to the actual figure.
expertise: our artisans choose the right colors and techniques to showcase their expertise in creating patterns and depth of colors to mimic the original animal. you provide us with the specimen’s real picture clearly so it may help us decide which patterns to draw on, so it must remain an original mounted piece. if you want to get a reproduced taxidermy of your choice, you need to email us at customers@midwestdeerworksdeerworks.com to get the latest painting techniques used for your desired replica.





how it works
contact us: write an email to us at customers@midwestdeerworksdeerworks.com to book an appointment with one of our experts.consultation: in the initial consultation phase, we’ll have questions for you about the harvest of the species for which you want to get a taxidermy. we will also need to know about the condition of the animal to estimate what kind of service is suitable for you. you can also tell us your requirements for the mount; may it be a shoulder mount, antler repair, or a complete reproduction, we do it for you.shipping: as we are a reliable taxidermist, been in the industry for more than a decade now, we provide convenient shipping services. we will provide you with the details of taking proper packing so it reaches you intact. we have worked with numerous freight services; if you want, we can recommend the best ones working with us.taxidermy process: in the taxidermy process, we ensure the safe removal of the skin from the inner body, which is later sketched out on paper to ensure correct measurements are taken.  the skin is tanned to get the right skin finish and ensure it is free from any flesh so it may be safe from deteriorating later. filling the skin with the right fiber and then sealing it with a sealant finishes the taxidermy process.shipping: but our duty does not end here; we safely pack your package and ship the finished goods to your doorstep. you will get the shipping details and aftercare services if needed. enjoy your trophy!







prices

taxidermy
deer $500
antelope $500
elk $800-$950
caribou $850
moose $1400

antler repair
$100 minimum
$15 an inch (smooth points)
$20 an inch (rough beams brow tines)
$30 an hour bleached, cracked, or weathered

molding
$1000 to $2500 to make a mold for you
for an accurate bid email us.





how to care for your deer mount
taxidermy is a precious possession, not only because the process they are made through is delicate and time-consuming but because it is your timeless possession that you may want to display for many years to come. we take extra care that the piece you get is made as close to the original as possible if it is a reproduced one. but for any taxidermy deer mount, you need care instructions to ensure it stays the same in shape.


dust it out: you need to dust out once a week so the dust stays away from the mount; dust has microbes that can cause deterioration of it. 
annual cleaning of the mount: you need to clean the mount annually with a mild detergent and water solution. after dusting the mount out, ensure that the rag is not dripping with soapy water; it must just be damp. fluff the hair after it is dry. you can use a hair dryer but with cool settings.
touching up features: you can clean the antlers with a clean rag and use a q-tip to reach deep areas of your trophy so it stays as it was originally.

you can use soft brushes and microfiber cloths, and don’t forget to use compressed air to remove any dust. make sure that the tools are used accordingly, and do not remove any details. clean regularly to ensure the deer mount stays clean and needs less deep cleaning.
ensure the mount is not hung on a damp wall or any humid area, as moisture may cause damage. it needs a moderate climate, so it must not be in harsh weather to sustain its properties. ideally, it needs 40-55% humidity so there are no molds on it. try not to mount it in direct uv rays because it can fade out over time. pay close attention to the ideal place the mount has to mount on to keep it in a safe condition for a longer time.







what is taxidermy and how does it work?
taxidermy is the art of preserving an animal’s body for the purpose of displaying it in your home or maybe a museum. some scientists who deal in skin sciences also need to study the skin of the special species to ensure what features or patterns the animals have.

in taxidermy, the initial steps require an examination of the animal you want to mount; the process then takes to the skinning of the animal so it is carefully cleaned to avoid any further decomposition. tanning the skin through a careful process involves keeping it away from germs so the hide remains stable for a longer time. taxidermy involves using sharp incision knives and scalpels to help scrape out the tiniest fleshes of the skin. for eyes, the use of glass is preferred; the glass has the actual shine that gives life-like eye structure through painting. 

a strong adhesive material is used to keep all things in place. in taxidermy, there are many mounts available, depending on which one you need. you can have the generic shoulder mount or full-body mounts. taxidermist provides even the european mounts and even the skull-only mount. it is determined which services you need by specifying the details of your species and its condition.


benefits of choosing reproductions over traditional taxidermy
reproductions are the more legal form of displaying your taxidermy species because there is no need for original skin. in reproduction, the taxidermist asks you to provide the exact animal you want to reproduce taxidermy. there is a whole process where the animal is not hunted but only made to undergo a slight anesthesia with the help of experienced vets; taxidermists take the sketches and the measurements of the original animal. later on, the animal is set to go freely. it is the most legal form of taxidermy where there is the surety that wildlife is conserved to balance our ecosystem.
there are many benefits of reproduction taxidermy over traditional taxidermy.

in reproduction, taxidermy resin is used to mimic the body of the animal so there is no more unethical killing of the animals.
the other benefit is that this reproduced taxidermy is more reliable than traditional taxidermy because it can never get molded.
if kept in good condition, there won’t be any cracks in the body of the taxidermy animal because faux materials can withstand heat and pressure better than natural material, which has to decompose.

you can even have the flexibility of the customization you need. you can include custom poses or add customized colors that might be absent in the hunted animal.






how to secure your wall trophy mounts

when you get the species back for the taxidermist, there is a complete set of guided instructions for you to know it is hanging. ensure that the mount is displayed in a place where it gets maximum attention. after all, it is a prized possession. after the location is decided, you need to have the right mounting kit with you, which has all the essentials needed. if not, using high-quality tools is necessary. your screws, nuts, and bolts must be rust-free and made of durable material to hold the piece mounted in its place. to better increase the support of the secure placement, you need to have the studs underneath it, as they give better grip and support to the mount. it is wise to use a level tool and align the trophy to an eye level so it gets maximum views. before you drill out the holes, we advise you to have proper marking on the walls before you make the dills work their way deeper into the walls. it can help your wall stay in shape without any additional dents or damage to it.








about
contact









