







chat 101, basic help for chatters,  with abbreviations, emoticons, and  etiquette -chatiquette






























































































    









all contents of this web site are copyrighted.  for more information, please visit the copyright  page.  please don't steal!thank you :-)p.s.  feel free to link to this page or website, though










                                            chat 101, the basics (and more) of chat......











welcome to the world of "chat", which has its own set of manners ("chatiquette") and language.  chat 101 contains the 








sick of spam???




i was receiving well over 200 unsolicited emails (spam) a day - everything from 
                                                                            buying junk, to magic pills to enlarge body parts i don't have, and i was sick of it!  after a great deal of research, i purchased mail washer, and was so pleased 
                                                                            that i signed up for their affiliate program.
don't even allow that garbage to download to your computer! 
                                                                             start  getting off the spammers email lists permanently.  easy to set up, easy to use - mail washer works!
this program works with regular email, hotmail, even helps with aol mail!  try it free!













free mailwasher pro download

 





















 












basics of chat, from the translation of chatspeak (moof, scrolling), 
abbreviations & acronyms (lol, brb), and 
emoticons, 
to the etiquette that  will help "newbies" get comfortable in this new world, be a welcome guest in the chatrooms, and, most 
                                                importantly, get you more involved with the fun!  learn what not to do in chat.
there's even a  section on msn chat - 
                                                including the special graphics (emoticons) used in their chats!
you finally get to pick your own name.  here's some thoughts on choosing your nickname
ready for more?  try the 2nd semester for 
                                                information on cybersex, text formatting, and other information.
yes, it's true.  msn has gone full circle and is returning to a subscription service.  i 
                                                think they're still the best around, but there are other free places to chat.
you may not get through everything in one visit.  to easily return here again, right click on the page and either "add to 
                                                favorites (internet explorer) / "bookmark" (netscape) or "create shortcut" which puts a shortcut to this page on your computer desktop. 














note from ker95/marilyn
:it's getting expensive to maintain this free information site (in its ninth year). i don't use  annoying pop-up 
                                                                    ads or litter the site with 10 zillion ads, and i'll never charge anyone for access to chat101 as long as the site is here.   but - i need your help to offset some of the cash outlay so that chat101 will be here for future users.  








i've selected just two affiliate programs where i'm personally familiar with their 
                                                        products/services.  so....  you'll see promos for these two in the site (that's it).  please try one (or both)
















clubmom


mailwasher









what is clubmom?clubmom rewards and celebrates moms for what they do everyday. clubmom is open to all moms, and is absolutely free. more than 3 million moms have joined, and thousands more are joining daily. 
click here to join clubmom  




                                             

fight back at junk e-mail!







free mailwasher pro download

 





















it is with regret that i've removed (at least temporarily) the guestbook from this site. 
                                 every state, plus puerto rico & the district of columbia, in the us has been represented, and well as almost 100 other countries.  it truly is a small world.  unfortunately the spammers have been filling the guestbook with garbage even more than normal lately.  i have taken great pleasure in the messages left, and thank everyone who visited (other than the spammers) sincerely.





























happy chatting!


































 

































