









marine biological association | marine biology uk




























































































skip to content 









 
menu 
about us

annual report
royal charter
our people
our history
140 years
working with us
contact us


what we do

our science

marine microbiome
coastal ecology
ocean biology


data and information
policy
applied science


our membership

our magazine


learn with us

events
student opportunities 


our facilities

library

our journal


research aquarium
research vessels
microbiome centre
room hire & catering



shop
newsroom
support us
my mba
 















an ocean of knowledge since 1884




an ocean of knowledge since 1884




an ocean of knowledge since 1884
















who we are
from the seashore to the seafloor, we’re on a voyage to discover more about our ocean and all aspects of sea life. we’ve come a long way. our vital, in-depth scientific research has helped us to better understand the intricate, interconnected marine environment—one that we all depend on every day. the knowledge we’ve gained has helped guide the world in protecting the lungs of our planet’s ecosystem. yet our journey has only just begun. together with our global community of members, we continually work as a voice for our ocean, and to fulfil our responsibility to future generations.
since its establishment in 1884, the mba has been at the forefront of marine science research, education, and conservation. find out more about our incredible 140-year journey. 








latest news
for all media enquiries please contact comms@mba.ac.uk


feb 11, 2025



celebrating trailblazing women in marine science on international day of women and girls in science



feb 5, 2025



the quirky bodies of crinoids could shed light on the past while inspiring future innovations and cell therapies.



feb 3, 2025



ocean is life: celebrating the winners of the mba member photo competition 2024



jan 8, 2025



marine biological association trustee appointed obe



jan 8, 2025



international blue shark tagging project success in 2024



dec 19, 2024



seawater life support project wins excellence and innovation award



dec 5, 2024



mba student bursary programme: empowering the next generation of marine biologists



dec 4, 2024



ambitious study to explore effects of offshore wind farms on ocean life




next





our science


coastal
ecology





marine microbiome





oceanbiology






become a member

learn more



our magazine
more info


our library
more info


our science
more info


career progression
more info


learnwith us
more info


our journal
more info


be the voice of marine biology
more info










discover our online shop 
we’ve teamed up with the award winning fashion manufacturer teemill, who champion organic, sustainable and ethical clothing without compromising on style. with our unique designs, and their environmentally friendly supply chains and materials, together we’re able to offer an inspiring range of clothing and accessories with designs for all those who are passionate about the ocean.

browse our shop






can we help?
if you have an enquiry about any aspect of the marine biological association, please drop us a line below. 
we look forward to hearing from you.

contact formfirst namelast nameemailphoneyour messagesend message 
 



view our webcam
 













the marine biological association the laboratory, citadel hill plymouth, devon pl1 2pb, uk 
+44 (0) 1752 426493 
info@mba.ac.uk


links
privacy policy 
terms and conditions 
webmail


resources
mba webcam


get involved

join us
donate



the marine biological association conducts, promotes and supports scientific research into all aspects of life in the sea. we're working with our ever-growing membership to provide a clear and independent voice on behalf of the marine biological community


follow us






































