






contemporary american classical composer | opera | songs | piano


















































february 15, 2025



posts
comments


henry molliconeone of the most distinctive american opera composershome
bio
music

choral
instrumental solo and chamber work
opera
orchestral
piano
songs
discography


hmp
news and events

list of events


reviews

all reviews
the plain dealer – coyote tales


gallery
blog
contact




 
 

henry mollicone memorial concert 
watch on youtube
 

 new events
la opera under the direction of james conlon commissions new opera “moses” from henry mollicone…
henry mollicone conducts his tone poem “kathy’s white knight“ with symphony silicon valley. ..
the opera “lady bird: first  lady of the land“ will receive its western premiere…
please check the events page.

review: moses la opera premiered an old testament opera titled “moses”…
lots of attractive tunes, highly descriptive orchestration for the plague scene and even a wisp of sprechstimme (spoken song).
—los angeles times
read the entire review…

henry mollicone – composer / conductor"...one of the most distinctive american opera composers." --the washington post, january 1998

 from 1985 to the present, as a resident of san jose california, mr. mollicone has worked actively as a free-lance conductor of opera, symphonic, and new music, while holding various university teaching posts. music composed during this period include the operas hotel eden (premiered at opera san jose, and later produced in new york and … click for full bio 

operas by henry molliconeto access audio or video, click the link below each opera. for complete details on operas and other compositions, click the music tab above full-length operas hotel eden video coyote tales gabriel’s daughter one-act operas the face on the barroom floor : doc & perf lady bird: first lady of the land emperor norton starbird […]
 

follow henry
keep up with henry mollicone's professional activities.
kathy’s white knight
henry mollicone conducting kathy’s white knight at symphony silicon valley


luci baines johnson – ladybird
presidential daughter attends opera premiere with sheldon harnick, henry mollicone, and samuel mungo

henry mollicone on facebook

like and follow henry mollicone's facebook page.


reviews
“"it is a very skillful score... it's a good piece." [the face on the barroom floor]”by the new yorker - andrew porter


copyright © 2025  · designed by last laugh creative · log in 














