






mri safety home















mrisafety.com     
(this site is exclusively sponsored by bracco)  






welcome to mrisafety.com!
											
your resource for mri safety, bioeffects,& patient management

mrisafety.com is the premier information resource for magnetic resonance safety. 
** mri bioeffects, safety, and patient management: second edition book available at amazon.com ** (pdf version is available at mrisafetybook.com) 



mrisafety.com is exclusively sponsored by bracco     








testing, training, and books






implant & device testing
magnetic resonance safety testing services is a highly experienced mri-safety testing company that conducts comprehensive evaluations of implants, devices, objects, and materials. for information, visit magneticresonancesafetytesting.com





mri textbook
mri bioeffects, safety, and patient management: second edition. a comprehensive, authoritative textbook on mri health & safety concerns with contributions from more than fifty internationally respected experts in the field. this is the definitive textbook on mri safety for radiologists and other physicians, mri technologists, physicists, scientists, mri facility managers, and others.  book version is available on amazon.com. the pdf version is available at mrisafetybook.com 





mri safety training
training is available through appliedradiology.com. programs for mr personnel include: "introduction to mri safety", "basic mri safety training", and "advanced mri safety training for healthcare professionals".  please visit: appliedradiology.org/mrisafety/





imrser
the institute for magnetic resonance safety, education, and research (imrser) was formed in response to the growing need for information and research regarding mri safety. imrser promotes awareness, understanding, and communication of mr safety issues through education and research.  visit: imrser.org





mri safety videos
videos available on imrser include: mri safety training programs for levels 1 and 2 mr personnel, what to expect during your mri, projectile/missile effect videos, and superconducting magnet quenching  shown from both inside and outside the mr system room. visit: imrser videos







resources available on mrisafety.com




"the list"
find safety related information pertaining to thousands of specific implants or devices. 

search the list




safety information topics
quickly search hundreds of mri safety related articles.

search articles




screening form
download mri pre-screening forms for patients and mr personnel. english and spanish forms are
											available.

more info & download




product testing
information of mri testing of medical implants, materials, and devices performed by magnetic resonance safety testing services. testing procedures are in accordance with the guidelines from the american society for testing and materials (astm) international.
											
more info




biomedical lectures
dr. shellock is regularly invited to lecture at national and international scientific and medical conferences and meetings. he is available to lecture on several magnetic resonance safety topics:

more info




about dr. shellock
frank g. shellock, ph.d. is a physiologist with more than 30 years of experience conducting laboratory and clinical investigations in the field of magnetic resonance imaging.

more





©  by shellock r & d services, inc. and frank g. shellock, ph.d.  all rights reserved.








menu


homepage
the list and   safety topics
info & terminology
screening form
product testing
lectures
disclaimer
about dr. shellock
priority email





accidents




an office chair was in the wrong place - at any time!



floor polishers are poor mri system cleaners!



a steel oxygen tank is never permitted inside of the mri system room.







get in touch

shellock r & d services, inc. email
									   frank.shellockremove@mrisafety.com.



©  by shellock r & d services, inc. and frank g. shellock, ph.d.  all rights reserved.











