









        korry electronics    

















































illuminating.
innovative.
trustworthy.
world leader.
superior.

always.









				home
			



				products
			



						switches & annunciators
					

5/8 inch switches
all 5/8 inch switches

389 series, 5/8” 1-month switch configurator
ads-b annunciators
quick switch ipf library
other switches & indicators
307 series, 3/8” x 5/8” switch
318 series, 1/2“ x 1” indicator
433 series, 1” x 1” switch

433 series, 1” x 1” switch
434 series, ½” x 1” indicator
458/abs1436 series, sealed round indicator
476 series, 3/8” x 1” indicator
777 spares switches




						aerospace displays
					



						control products
					




						knobs
					



						airborne computing
					



						optical products
					





				markets
			



						business aviation
					



						commercial aerospace
					



						helicopters
					



						military aircraft
					



						military ground vehicles
					



						naval
					



						commercial & military aftermarket
					





				company
			



						about korry
					



						technologies & capabilities
					



						certifications
					



						careers
					



						our history
					



						company brand store
					






				contacts
			



						customer service
					

distributors
global sales representatives
product returns
spares/aog
cmm & sb index
quality




						supplier information
					



						support
					




 




























						the global leader

of design & manufacturing of customer hmi solutions for the aerospace and defense markets













technologies & capabilities
korry expertise is centered on superior human-machine interface products offering balanced lighting solutions for all cockpit needs.













optical design

korry embeds industry leading optical performance into all of our illuminated products. nvis and secure lighting solutions enable the warfighter to meet operational needs.










certification

korry supports certification of our products with processes following the guidelines of arp-4754. our software development process complies with rtca do-178b/c and hardware development process complies with rtca d0-254. several products have received tsoa including our weather radar family of controllers.
							










qualification

korry houses a complete range of test engineering expertise and test lab facilities that specialize in addressing compliance to commercial and military aerospace environmental and emi/emc standards. capabilities include environmental testing to rtca d0-160 and mil-std-810 and emi/emc testing to rtca d0-160 and mil-std-461.
							










open architecture

korry integrates fully certified (tso'ed) small form factor, design for purpose platform computing solutions into our products. these solutions support a variety of airborne computing applications.












product support

korry operates as a certificated air agency (repair station) under faa regulation 14 cfr part 145, certificate no. ke7r393j. the repair station is also approved under easa supplement easa.145.4618 as an easa part 145 operation. our repairmen are certified under 14 cfr part 65 to facilitate issuance of airworthiness certification (8130-3 form) for return to service of repaired articles.










human machine interface

korry integrates hmi solutions that define the look, feel and performance into all of our products. these products provide state of the art optical performance that is balanced across all flight deck zones.










export compliance


								korry is committed to the highest standards of business ethics. korry’s export compliance program was established to ensure compliance with the export administrative regulations (ear), the international traffic in arms regulations (itar) and related laws and regulations.
							










customer service

leading sales managers, global sales reps and distributors are available to assist with your requirements for quality hmi solutions.












founded in 1937



company snapshot



leading manufacturer of aerospace & defense hmi solutions, located in everett, wa with convenient access to daily flights from paine field



218,000 square-foot manufacturing facility
								
as9100 and iso9001 certification
								
faa part 145 repair station
								


more about us














korry’s reliable and high-quality products can be found on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in-service today.




contact us










highly engineered, human-machine interfaces


products & solutions


korry products are highly engineered, human-machine interfaces. every korry solution integrates our expertise in optics, electronics and software, mechanical packaging, mechanism design, and human factors.











aerospace components

korry is a world leader in production of aerospace knobs, illuminated push-button switches and annunciators








control products

korry control panels are designed for a range of applications including weather radar controllers, flight directors panels and fire suppression panels










airborne computing

korry compact and low-weight data collection, conversion, and routing solutions offer proven reliability while offering versatile i/o management








aerospace displays

latest generation technology optimized to meet commercial and military requirements for sunlight readability night-vision compatibility







korry has a proud heritage supporting hundreds of aerospace and defense customers






































videos
see what korry is doing







certifications
visit our certifications library







korry support
sales team and approved distributors










quality policy
korry is committed to delivering superior quality products and services on time while meeting customer requirements and complying with all applicable regulatory statutes.
all korry employees are encouraged to promote quality by continuously challenging themselves to improve the quality management system to enhance product safety and eliminate defects.


contact us

11910 beverly park road everett, wa 98204
425-297-9700
sales@korry.com
join us on linkedin 














terms and conditions | privacy statement| supply chain transparency | copyright &copy2025. all rights reserved
















				we use cookies to track visits to our website and usage behaviors, we store no personal details.
				
i accept  

 privacy-policy





































