




discount natural herbs: medicinal, oriental, western, organic, native american, natural, bulk and ayurvedic herbs at discount prices. 






















  home
       |  herb usage |
reference chart |
contact
      us | historical
      uses1-888-842-2049
      toll free












the natural way to health

      satisfaction guarantee









discount 
      natural
      herbs offers





 yogi teas







 choice teas







 terminology






 common
      herbal combinations






looking
      for bulk certified organic herbs? 






1-888-842-2049
      toll free



 360-923-0486
      local




mailing
      address












certified organic herbs
discount
                    natural herbs offers certified organic bulk herbs, organic spices, medicinal,
                    oriental, western,  native american, natural, and
                    packaged teas at discount prices.
we
                    offer herbs to individuals seeking alternative medicine,
                    complimentary medicine and herbal remedies
                    to satisfy all your herbal and nutritional needs.
we
                    pride ourselves on providing the best organic bulk
                    herbs and spices as well as  locating hard to find
                    herbs and botanicals.


what
                    are organic herbs?
organic
                    - organic is a growing and processing method that helps
                    protect the health of people, plants, animals, and the
                    environment. organic food is produced by farmers who use
                    renewable resources and conserve soil and water to enhance
                    environmental quality for future generations. organic foods
                    are produced without most conventional pesticides,
                    fertilizers made with synthetic ingredients, bioengineering
                    or ionizing irradiation. before a product can be labeled as
                    organic, a usda approved certifier must approve the growing,
                    handling and labeling of the product to insure that it
                    complies with all organic regulations.

all
                    products sold as "organic" must be certified.
                    certification includes annual submission of an organic
                    system plan and inspection of farm fields and processing
                    facilities to verify that organic practices and record
                    keeping are being followed. certification is carried out by
                    organizations accredited by the usda.
                    organic certification - the usda has established
                    rules under the national organic program that regulate the
                    growing, handling, labeling and certification of organic
                    foods sold in the u.s. frontier organic products are
                    certified by quality assurance international. 
in
                    what forms are the herbs offered?
we
                    offer herbs in many forms: bulk, cut, powder, concentrate,
                    sifted, ground, whole,  granules and flakes.
our
                    best sellers are:
lycium fruit, mugwort,
                    sarsaparilla, hawthorn
                    berries,
red raspberry, and black
                    walnut hulls


                    various parts of the plants are used: leaves, roots, flowers
                    stems, seeds and other plant products that promote your
                    personal health, help regulate your body, balance your
                    metabolism and can help your body's natural healing process.
questions?
                    comments?  
our
                    herbal specialist has a masters degree in holistic healing
                    and can help you with current information on herbs. she will
                    offer helpful  information about herbs, vitamins
                    homeopathic remedies, alternative medicine, and natural pet
                    care products.
 
                  






 









    discount natural herbs
discount natural herbs

    we are here to answer your herbal questions.
    888-842-2049 toll free
    thank you for visiting.
free
    shipping in the continental usa*
    orders of $40.00 or more
*please read
    policy for complete rules


we accept
  
    
prices
    are subject to change without notice. this web site is intended for
    information only. it is not to be used to diagnosis, treat, cure, or in
    place of medical supervision. consult with your naturopathic doctor, or
    health care professional. fda has not evaluated this statement and these
    products, are not intended for prevention, treatment, cure or mitigation of
    disease.
use and dosage of products:     
    the fda currently restricts statements about the functions of herbs or
    supplements.  the herbs we sell are dietary supplements, intended for
    further processing (tea, tincture, decoction, poultice, compress, eye wash,
    or encapsulation).  we are not able to legally or ethically give
    medical information, including traditional function information, in this
    online store. please consult your local qualified herbalist or a reliable
    reference manuals for traditional indications and functions of these herbs,
    as well as dosage and preparation.  in many states, acupuncturists are
    allowed to prescribe these herbs as medicines
    





