


epoxy coatings - colors, clears and primers - klass kote





















































home | product search | site map | checkout | track your order | login/logout















epoxy colors & primers (side-a)



epoxy catalysts (side b), flattener additive



epoxy reducers



custom color - (side a)



epoxy military colors (side a)



stock color epoxy kits



painting accessories shopping links



urethane products►




klass kote urethane clears and color kits



urethane base coats and airbrush paint



pinstriping urethane paints



urethane air brush kits











privacy policy



terms of use



warranty



shipping



contact us



site map



return policy



personal safety information






































































need help ordering - please call us on 1-612-243-1234. we can help you with the order.
thank you...please follow klass kote on all social media platforms for up to date news!!! all our products are proudly made in the usa!



new... need accessories to
complete your project?
click here for links.

















spray klass kote using the



preval disposable sprayer
need or want to spray-apply klass kote epoxy, but no spray equipment?
consider using a inexpensive, disposable spray system.
try preval. click here to learn more.






"best primer i ever used!"


klass kote,
just a note to let you know how thrilled i am with your grey primer.  i shot the first coat on my ziroli b-25 yesterday using an air brush and a hvlp gun.  the primer sprayed great from both tools & quickly laid down flat.  i waited 24 hours then began sanding with 220 aluminum oxide paper.  the sanding was surprisingly easy with no loading of the sandpaper.  this is the best primer i have ever used. one more light coat should do it.  i can hardly wait to shoot the color!!
thanks, tod allan









"finished my fly baby"
"i finished my fly baby. all metal parts were painted with klasskote."
jim k.    
                                   







"makes a novice look like a pro."
here are the pictures of my son's bike. it's the first thing he has painted with an airbrush, he used a mix of klass kote and hobbypoxy all using klass kote hardener. he didn't get any runs in the paint and the clear looks like glass. klass kote is a great product and if the directions are followed it makes a novice look like a pro.
ernie t.







never used a spray gun!

i have built and finished many airplanes but i had never used a spray gun. i've used dope and auto paints. this paint is unreal. i had a little trouble at first but near the end of painting i was doing pretty good. i would like to thank you for your assistance with my painting needs. attached are photos of my new chaos built from a kit. thank you,
alan williams








like primer & paint
i had painted with superpoxy back in the day on my pattern ships and loved it.  then it disappeared.
working in a hobby shop i get commissions of various models and have my choice of finishes. when i want a flawless high gloss finish, i use epoxy paint from klass kote.
my choice of applying is a hvlp gravity feed spray gun.  with a primed wet sanded surface all i need is one coat - two coats if i color sand and glaze after (not necessary).  the shine is like glass and lasts.
great paint! - dennis a.









highlights of klass kote epoxy paints, epoxy clear coats and epoxy primer paint:









available in clear, and a wide variety of colors and primers with custom color matching also available.
resistant to water, including salt water, most cleaners, mild acids, solvents, shop chemicals, and most fuels - including gasoline and nitro methane.
over 46 years of extensive field performance in a variety of industrial, automotive, home use, hobby and crafting applications.
quick, air-drying, chemical hardening and thermo-setting system. 
tough, durable, and flexible film provides excellent adhesion on nearly all surfaces.
outlasts, outperforms and outshines similar 2-component epoxy paint coatings.
compatible with hobbypoxy and superpoxy paint systems
easy enough to apply even for the diy'er!










what are klass kote epoxy paints?
klass kote epoxy paints consist of side-a pigmented epoxy (colors) and side-b catalyst (hardener) components. once the two sides a & b are mixed together – equal parts by volume, it applies and covers like any other conventional paint system.  when applied to properly prepared surfaces, klass kote epoxy paints, epoxy clear coats, and epoxy primer paint will retain their outstanding protective and decorative integrity for years.  
klass kote epoxy paint products and can all be brushed, rolled, sprayed, or dipped-applied. 

all klass kote epoxy products work ideally with high volume low pressure (hvlp) and conventional air-atomizing spray equipment as well as small air-brushes, automotive touch-up spray guns, and large industrial spray equipment. 

klass kote epoxy paints, clear coats, and primer paint can also be force dried with heat to reduce cure times. see our product data sheets for further details.



why use klass kote epoxy paints?
our epoxy clear coats can be applied over a variety of base coats and surfaces providing a high gloss (or satin), durable finish. 
klass kote epoxy paints come in a large variety of colors (custom match available) providing a decorative, commercial quality finish for your project, while being easy to use - even for the weekend diy'er.   
klass kote epoxy primer paint is a high-build, sealer / primer which will fill scores and surface imperfections while improving the adhesion and performance of topcoats. klass kote epoxy primer paint is a flexible and sand-able sealer, which provides superior resistance to moisture, corrosion, acid and rust. klass kote epoxy primer paint is designed to be the first primer / sealer applied to bare surfaces prior to top-coating, especially bare metal.
whatever your surface coating project may require, selecting klass kote epoxy paints, epoxy clear coats, and epoxy primer paint, will assure outstanding decoration and long lasting protection for years into the future!
click to start shopping for klass kote epoxy paints, clear coats and urethane airbrush paints!  shop now!




suggested uses for klass kote epoxy paints, epoxy clear coats, and epoxy primer paints:






bathtub (re) finishing

garage and shop floors

fishing rod and lure coating



industrial applications for klass kote epoxy paints

automotive primer

metal and other surface priming



boat and marine applications

rc model crafting

swimming pool coating










sign up for our newsletter!










first name





last name





email address





verifier
for security purposes, we ask that you enter the security code that is shown in the graphic. please enter the code exactly as it is shown in the graphic.
your code



enter code












next








page list menu



swimming pool coating


bathtub (re) finishing


rc model crafting


garage and shop floors


fishing rod and lure coating


industrial applications for klass kote epoxy paints


automotive primer


metal and other surface priming


boat and marine applications







    online payment service  









shopping basket

items:
0


subtotal:
$0.00






note: all prices in us dollars





search by keyword







search
















please visit our site map to navigate our complete website

breadcrumb menu list
home  ·  paint store  ·  about us  ·  klass kote dealers  ·  testimonials  ·  color formulae  ·  test results  ·  faqs  ·  links  ·  epoxy colors & primers (side-a)  ·  epoxy catalysts (side b), flattener additive  ·  epoxy reducers


	copyright © 2024 - diversified solutions llc, minneapolis, minnesota, usa
info@klasskote.com













