



country bible church - brenham, tx





































 home  about us  bible doctrines  visuals  orders  music  podcasts  contact  search  links  






country  bible                     church
pastor:  mike smith
3150 william b. travis lane
                brenham, texas 77833
              
sunday service:     10:30    am
tues. & thurs.:           7:00     pm

nursery & jr. classes available


  























             







live streaming options
 
cbc - rumble live streaming 
 
cbc - youtube live streaming 
current video lessons
romans -/-  national & personal crisis

specials 
scott_deweese 
god's message in the stars series (2013) 
go to current series to get audio lessons & notes 
featured video resurrection sunday, eternal disinheritance and limitations in heaven


 


latest bulletin
click here to view
prayer list
click here to view

memory scriptures
click here to view
chafer conference 2025
click here to view



 
click here for tolerating tyranny docx    
        click here for tolerating tyranny pdf







do you face the challenges of each day with courage and confidence from a divine viewpoint, or are you usually defeated by fear and worry? do you sometimes feel like you can hardly keep up with your life and that something is missing? perhaps you are searching for something really satisfying but can’t find it. everything and everyone often let you down and you realize that they can’t make you happy. 

what you can expect to study in the word of god at country bible church: 

•	no one will ever ask you for money.  
         
	•	you are free to give however you are motivated. 
	•	absolutely free audio cds, mp3s, dvds, booklets, & brochures.
	•	you’ll meet wonderful, friendly people who have been taught not to invade others’ privacy. 
	•	good sound bible teaching based on the original languages of scripture. 
	•	the opportunity to grow spiritually and experience greater meaning in life.

god gave you volition which is the freedom to make your own decisions, and he holds you accountable for how you use it. you can make serious, life-changing decisions to grow in god’s word day-by-day in order to reach spiritual maturity, reap decorations and rewards in eternity, and reign with jesus christ someday when he returns. god gives us this unbelievable opportunity to change our future to one that is beyond our wildest dreams. lf you are already going to a church where you are growing spiritually from sound teaching of god's word, stay put! if not, consider joining us as we grow in grace and knowledge of god’s unfathomably, superior thinking and plans for his royal family to reign with christ and inherit riches forever.




information 

about us
donations
podcasts

current series
 audio & notes 

national_&_personal_crisis
romans
specials
scott deweese

previous series

1st kings
1st peter
1st thessalonians
2nd corinthians
2nd peter
2nd thessalonians
40 things at salvation
apologetics
baptism
bible profile
colossians
confederate monuments
david series
deception or doctrine
discernment
discernment review
exodus
fundamental basics
getting the gospel right
israel regathered
joshua
mechanics of applying doctrine
major bible events-genesis
minor prophets
pastor naboth otukho's radio, africa
philippians
prophecy
rearing children
romans
romans 13
stars series
scripture questions
tolerating tyranny
				interview archives
will america survive? 

publications
can you tell?
have you lost it?
homosexuality
husbands
          - leaders or losers
promises
promises (spanish)
racism
rearing children
scripture
          guide
the truth about what really matters
the truth about what really matters (spanish) 
what
          about baptism?
what
          about tongues?
what
          are you working for?
what
          is your answer? 
you're married, now what?












		        
		    


3150 wm. b. travis, brenham texas | sun. 10:30am | tue & thurs 7pm
country bible church | © 2002-2025 | version 3.310 | supported by homepage universe



