










boutique hotel sint nicolaas amsterdam center















































































































 



menu


menu




tpl_sidebar_menu_title
×



homeoffersroomssingle (one person room)small double (two person room)double (two person room)twin (two person room, separate beds)triple (three person room, separate beds)triple (three person room, double bed + single bed)quadruple (four person room)facilitiessurroundingsphotoscontactcontact directions and parkingparkingfaqbook now 
















lowest rate guaranteed



book directly online: 8% discount | free late check-out | free welcome drink and much more!











arrival:






departure:





book room







x






 +31 (0)20 - 626 13 84


info@hotelnicolaas.nl













 





 





 





 





 





 

















sint nicolaas












home 


offers 


rooms 





single (one person room) 


small double (two person room) 


double (two person room) 


twin (two person room, separate beds) 


triple (three person room, separate beds) 


triple (three person room, double bed + single bed) 


quadruple (four person room) 







facilities 


surroundings 


photos 


contact 





contact


directions and parking 


parking 


faq 







book now













 







 

book direct!at our hotel website you get the lowest price




lowest rate guaranteed



book directly online: 8% discount | free late check-out | free welcome drink and much more











arrival:






departure:





book room







x




















						   						        hotel sint nicolaas					        	



within walking distance of central station
in the heart of amsterdam center
stay in a historic building, a monument
free wi-fi
 
book now












						   						        special offers					        	


				special offer available now: free late check-out, culinary package or bicycle rental to discover the highlights of amsterdam by bike. or profit from our other great value special offers.				
view special offers












						   						        rooms					        	


				authentic wooden beams and a cozy atmosphere. the rooms have traditional features. our rooms are suitable for city trips and business stays.				
view the rooms












book a room in the romantic three star hotel sint nicolaas and experience the best of amsterdam.


book now  









central locationbetween dam square and central station







extensive breakfastfor a delicious start to the day









free wi-fiin every room









falang translation system by faboba






















 
“ excellent location especially arriving by train, the front desk team was very friendly and efficient. the breakfast was excellent and replenished quickly ”


marion
united kingdom

 


 
“ the location was excellent as we needed an overnight stay before returning to the us. it was a quick walk to the metro. large bathroom and comfortable beds and nice breakfast in the morning. ”


debbie
usa


 


 
“ the hotel is located very centrally, many major tourist attractions are within walking distance. ”


jacqueline
united kingdom


 


 
“ the room was spacious enough and the bed was incredibly comfy. the shower was a very good size. ”


alexi
usa


 


 
“ renovated hotel, nice rooms, great location, right by the center and the train station. ”


danny
united kingdom


 





read all reviews





enjoy a drink by the log fire the intimate lobby and bar are open 24 hours a day.
all facilities








cultural experience visit the most beautiful museums






relax on the water the hotel is located in-between canals





mix with the locals the liveliest bars and restaurants are just around the corner
discover the area 














book


call


chat


directions













 









average score: 4.2 stars based on 1219 reviews


the highlander hotel | hotel sint nicolaas | hotel tourist inn | the highland house | mister highland
a member of

 
website by mybookings.com



hotel sint nicolaas

spuistraat 1a
1012 sp amsterdam
the netherlands

+31 (0)20-626 13 84
info@hotelnicolaas.nl
www.hotelnicolaas.nl
privacy statement
terms & conditions
vacancies
kvk: 33183723
vat: 8241.55.890.b.04














×




×





take advantage of our low rates at the start of the year!
book directly through our website and enjoy exclusive benefits:

8% discount per night
late check-out until 13:00 pm
free welcome drink
cancel until 24 hours before arrival
direct contact with the hotel
room only rates available

don't miss this opportunity to combine luxury and comfort with attractive rates. plan your stay today and discover all the benefits of booking directly!
book now via our website 






×




×



early booker discounts 




