




michaelerb.net














































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebarmichaelerb.nethome
contact michael erb
links
testimonials
sitemap
you are here: home / hometime to say goodbye.
january 23, 2017 by michael thank you central new york, it has been an amazing 31 years providing dj services to you. but the time has come to say goodbye.
it’s both a happy and a sad time as i reflect on the 31 years that i have been an active dj in central new york. it is a happy time because to have been able to share the joy, excitement and relationship with so many hundreds of couples has been a true blessing. it is sad because after 31 years i have moved out of central new york to be closer to the family i have in tulsa, ok.
it wasn’t just the weddings i’ll miss either. i’ll also miss the bar & bat mitzvah’s, anniversaries, birthday parties, christmas parties and everything else.
thank you to all my past clients. i have had an extraordinary time over all these years. the memories are many. if you see me visiting the area, please say hi.
until then, keep a song in your heart and a dance in your step.
filed under: general zither
june 24, 2010 by michael i inherited a beautiful zither from my grandmother erb. here is a short video giving you a look at the zither and a sample of one of the songs it plays.

https://www.michaelerb.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/zither.mp4
filed under: family skyland farm craft gallery
march 20, 2010 by michael linda and i visited skyland farm craft gallery a couple years ago. these photos were taken during that visit but i never had a chance to get them on my blog until now. the place is located in burdette, ny on rt. 414, just north of watkins glen. it’s  a very cool place that features the work of artisans from new york state. a wonderful place to explore with an attached cafe and beautiful outdoor gardens and outdoor sculpture. here are some photos highlighting our visit…



































filed under: featured, general new website launched  tech.michaelerb.net
november 5, 2009 by michael i’ve recently launched a new website, http://tech.michaelerb.net which focuses on my web design and computer consulting business. it has always been a strong desire for me to get the “tech” side of me online and this is the opportunity i’ve been waiting for. it’s got a long way to go to be complete but every site has to start somewhere and this is where it starts for me. let me know what you think.
filed under: general, life naples grape festival 2008
november 1, 2008 by michael i’m a little late in posting this but better late than never.
my mother-in-law entered the grape pie festival in 2007 and did not win any of the awards. well that just wasn’t a satisfactory conclusion for the family so we prompted her to enter again this year. well wouldn’t ya know, she won first prize! that high honor is called “the world’s greatest grape pie” and she got a trophy and everything. how about that. and the best part was we all got to eat the pie afterwards because the festival organizers sell off all the slices when the judging has ended. talk about getting your cake (or pie) and eating it too!
congratulations shirley (and my wife linda who helped)

filed under: family, travel halloween 2008
october 31, 2008 by michael all the ghosts and goblins were out in my neighborhood tonight. here are a few photos of the kids in their great costumes… i think the best costume of the night was my nephew, logan, who dressed up as hannah montanna. what a hoot!

filed under: life page 1
page 2
page 3
interim pages omitted …
page 6
go to next page »

primary sidebar 

copyright © 2025 · log in














