


gina milano





























    
	gina milano

	
  

click here for fucking hot gina milano!







wednesday, november 23, 2005




some lovely gina milano picsif these pics dont make you fall in love with the lovely gina milano you`ve got some issues:  this girl has the most perfect ass i`ve seen in a looong time and her face is just a thing of beauty.not to mention the most round perfectly sized titties i would just love to get my hands on.plus,she is a really cool girl and on the gina milano site she does all sorts of stuff to keep us members pleased, like live cam shows and tons of videos.visit the official  gina milano site now!



posted by kek at 7:27 am
5 comments






thursday, october 27, 2005




 gina milano bikini picturesit`s hard not to love gina milano. i mean, she has a lovely face,perfect tits and a bubble butt that i would just love to kiss all night long.check out this gina milano pic gallery where she is posing in a lovely dot bikini.you`ll see what i mean once you`ve visited gina milano`s site.she`s got tons of pictures and videos.she is a real tease....



posted by kek at 7:55 am
0 comments






wednesday, september 28, 2005




 gina milano bubble butt picturesthis girl just makes me cry with happiness every time i see her.and when i see gina milano `s sexy butt i just can`t describe the feeling.so now i decided to share this with you with this sexy gina milano bubble butt pictures



posted by kek at 4:56 pm
0 comments






monday, september 26, 2005




 gina milano`s beautiful pussyi simply love this gina milano picture. it shows her perfect,flat belly , her lovely hands and of course her beautiful legs spread open showing her panties and lives a lot for the imagination.although, since i joinedgina milano`s official site i haven`t had to use my imagination much....and as a close second this is my other favorite picture of hers :just look at that lovely ass...i don`t think i have to tell you why gina milano has it all.and you should see her webcam shows and movies on her site.she really enjoys making her site and i really enjoy visiting it!



posted by kek at 2:40 pm
0 comments






friday, september 23, 2005




 gina milano in white lace underwear tell me if this girl isn`t a dream come true.i know most of you would give anything to have gina milano prancing around in this lovely underwear in your bedroom.i know i would.just watch her lovely face, it just screams fuck me now!click here to visit the officialgina milano site now! this girl really works hard on her site and has all sorts of videos and pictures and even webcam chats! you do not want to miss gina stripping in her webcam shows.



posted by kek at 12:50 am
0 comments






tuesday, september 20, 2005




 gina milano is way too cute...and i highly doubt anyone can argue with that.she kinda reminds me of katie holmes, minus the tom cruise bracelet.check out more of her very cute ass and body in this gina milano pictures gallery  or just visit the  official gina milano .com site



posted by kek at 4:08 pm
0 comments






wednesday, september 14, 2005




gina milano has a very,very sweet ass....and i am sure most of you will agree with me on this.just take a look at this work of art fine ass gina milano has got: and if you couple that with her lovely beautiful face:well you just can´t beat that smashing combination.this girl has it all.you seriously need to check gina milano out now!



posted by kek at 8:51 pm
1 comments











about me

name:  kek 

view my complete profile

other kickass sites!

deepthroat movies
tattoo girls
sexy babes 
gina milano site
female ejaculation video
be great in bed

previous posts

some lovely gina milano picsif these pics dont mak...
 gina milano bikini picturesit`s hard not to love ...
 gina milano bubble butt picturesthis girl just ma...
 gina milano`s beautiful pussyi simply love this g...
 gina milano in white lace underwear tell me if th...
 gina milano is way too cute...and i highly doubt ...
gina milano has a very,very sweet ass....and i am ...
welcome to the gina milano blog!welcome to the blo...

archives

september 2005
october 2005
november 2005









 




