








	charleston district, u.s. army corps of engineers






















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
charleston district website










®








           about
        



           faq
        
 

           history
        



           150th anniversary
        
 

           charleston district history book
        
 



           leadership
        
 

           mission and vision
        
 



           business with us
        



           partner with us
        
 

           small business
        
 



           missions
        



           civil works
        



           tidal and inland related flood risk management study
        
 

           charleston peninsula csrm project
        



           feasibility study
        
 

           preconstruction, engineering and design (ped)
        
 



           waccamaw river flood risk management study
        
 

           charleston harbor post 45
        
 

           coastal storm risk management
        
 

           cooper river rediversion project
        
 

           ecosystem restoration
        
 

           flood risk management
        
 

           nepa documents
        
 

           operations
        
 

           peer review plans
        
 

           project partnership agreements
        
 

           supplemental funding
        



           folly beach feasibility study
        
 



           breach inlet project
        
 

           myrtle beach renourishment
        
 



           emergency management
        



           additional resources
        
 

           authorities
        
 

           hurricane information
        
 

           operations
        
 



           interagency and international support
        
 

           military construction
        



           semmes and legion lakes
        
 



           navigation
        



           channel conditions
        
 

           hydrographic maps
        
 

           channel construction setbacks
        
 

           operations
        
 



           regulatory
        



           compensatory mitigation
        
 

           electronic submittals
        
 

           final permit actions
        
 

           issued jurisdictional determinations
        
 

           jurisdictional determinations and delineations
        
 

           outreach
        
 

           permitting process
        
 

           process refinement
        
 

           public notices
        
 

           regulatory news
        
 

           water resources development act
        
 



           water safety
        
 



           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 



           careers
        



           media
        



           district history
        
 

           images
        
 

           news releases
        
 

           news stories
        
 

           palmetto castle
        
 

           request a speaker
        
 

           social media
        
 

           videos
        
 



           library
        



           contact
        



           freedom of information act
        
 

           usace office locator
        
 






























regulatory public notices




click here to access the regulatory request system public notices

the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) is excited to announce the launch of the public notice module on the regulatory request system (rrs). released in january 2025, this new feature allows users nationwide to search, review, and comment on projects being reviewed by the regulatory program, significantly enhancing transparency, accessibility, and efficiency. the public notice module provides access to regulatory projects requiring a standard permit or when public notices are issued to develop mitigation banks, in-lieu fee programs or to issue/reissue a regional or programmatic permit or section 404 letter of permission.  it organizes notices by state and district, which can be viewed in a table format or on an interactive map. users can easily search for notices by project name or address and submit comments directly through the platform, streamlining public engagement and reinforcing usace's commitment to improving transparency and the permitting process.
the rrs is a web-based platform, currently in its beta version, designed to simplify the permitting process and enhance user experience. in addition to the new public notice module, rrs enables users to submit permit applications, request jurisdictional determinations, and schedule pre-application meetings, all through a user-friendly interface.
we encourage you to explore the regulatory request system and its new features by visiting rrs.usace.army.mil. for additional information or to provide feedback, please contact us at rrs@usace.army.mil.








regulatory request system




click here for all regulatory requests.
 
 










isle of palms breach inlet project



click here for more information about the isle of palms breach inlet project
















careers with the corps









featured links


welcome to the u.s. army corps of engineers charleston district's website. here you'll find a wealth of information concerning our mission areas, how to conduct business with the corps, locations, photos, projects and news. to help you locate items of interest, we've included a list below of the most frequently requested topics.
 
contracting
faqs
freedom of information act
gis portal
partnering opportunities
permits
public notices
request a speaker
st. stephen fish lift
south atlantic coastal study - sacs











essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the charleston district website
the official public website of the charleston district, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, write to cesac-pao@sac.usace.army.mil













accessibilitycontact usquality factslink disclaimerno fear actprivacy & securitysite mapusa.govplain languagesmall businessopen governmenteeo & sharp


igrssfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil














