









what  is netting?  how to make it.



























































home
about netting

what is netting?
methods of tying the netting knot
types of netting


photos
patterns

my patterns
grandmothers’ legacy


learn to net

the lost art of netting: a how-to book with pictures and patterns for the beginning netter
the lost art of netting, vol 2: a how-to book with pictures and patterns for making square-mesh netting
the lost art of netting, vol 3: a how-to book with pictures and patterns for netting in rounds


stitches

increase stitches
decrease stitches
decorative stitches
stitch sketches
centers
edges


resources

links to netting supplies

supplies: make your own netting
supplies:  commercial netting
supplies: hammocks


published information on netting

books on netting
magazine articles on netting
netting patterns found online


what is filet lace

instructions

square-mesh netting
embroidery stitches


books
tools


other netting sites

links: general netting
links:  netting with cord, string, twine, or yarn
links:  netting with thread
links:  cauls, hairnets, & snoods
links: filet lace, lacis, or net embroidery
links:  related to netting




blog
services
contact me
about me
























  


















the art of making holes

  



















 
what is netting?
netting is a fabric made by tying knots. the fabric has many holes. it is created by tying knots over plastic, wood, or metal gauges called mesh sticks.
netting is the perfect craft for the busy person who likes to work with their hands.
it’s quick to make and very portable. you can make it in a variety of settings: while you wait for the doctor or mechanic, while you travel, or wherever you happen to be.
it’s different, unique. looking for a gift for someone who has everything? whether you give a dainty lace doily, a christmas tree ornament, a scarf, or a shawl, when you give a gift made of netting, you know that it’s special, one of a kind.
it’s practical and useful. when you need to keep your hair neatly out of your way, keep warm, or keep the bath toys collected in one place and allow the water to drip into the tub, netting is there to help you with hairnets (snoods), shawls and shrugs, or string bags.
netting has been made for centuries.
archaeologists have uncovered netting all over the world, some dating back to early egyptian dynasties. from the creation of fishing nets to the creation of beautiful lace, the skills were passed down from one generation to another.
during the 1800s and early 1900s many of the books that contained knitting and crochet patterns also contained netting patterns.
netting is still made today.
around the world this skill was passed on. besides the united states, i have heard from people in germany, england, brazil, italy, hungary, sweden, and israel who net.
many years ago i was blessed with a father who appreciated his mother’s skill with netting. he encouraged me to learn the skill from her. now, decades later, with the aid of technology, let me help you learn the ancient art of netting through videos at rita’s netting nook.






















knots indeed: beautiful and practical netting
		copyright © 2025 all rights reserved	















