






glycemic index – glycemic index research and gi news




































 


















university home
library
current students
staff intranet
 









glycemic index research and gi news












home
gi search
gi news
about
testing & research
gi symbol
faqs
books
contact
gi search instructions
 
university home
library
current students
staff intranet
 




search for:


search




                            quick links
                        

faculty guides
myuni
forms and policies
scholarships
undergraduate contacts
 







search for:


search














glycemic index
everything you need to know about gi!



















home













everything you need to know about gi
search the gi database
search our comprehensive database of gi tested foods. complete with data for glycemic index, glycemic load, serving size, direct references to the studies used to calculate the values, and more!
search the database
the latest in gi news
our monthly newsletter and blog will keep you up to date with everything that is going on behind the scenes in gi research as well as providing practical tips to help you enjoy a healthy low gi diet. 
check out the blog
world class research
we are the home of sydney university glycemic index research service (sugirs). we are an established commercial gi testing laboratory, where we test foods for their glycemic index, insulin index, satiety response, and other metabolic parameters. we also do other analyses such as in vitro starch digestion assays. sugirs has an established reputation for quality, speed and flexibility.
learn more
 
















food name



category



country





gi


filter
greater than
less than



serving size (g)


filter
greater than
less than



carbs per serve (g)


filter
greater than
less than



gl


filter
greater than
less than





search








join our newsletter
never miss a beat with the gi monthly newsletter.




get the newsletter!







 
latest news
january 2025 gi newsgi groupjanuary 1, 2025



gi news is published online by the university of sydney, school of life and environmental sciences and the charles perkins centre, and delivered to the mailboxes of our ~100,000 subscribers. our goal is to help people choose the high-quality carbs that are digested at a rate that our bodies can comfortably accommodate and to share…
continue reading january 2025 gi news
satietygi groupjanuary 1, 2025



yes, it’s that time of year when our minds (and expanded tummies) inevitably think about that dreaded 4-letter word diet. but do we still need to restrict food? isn’t there an easier way? i know our readers have heard about the new weight loss drugs such as ozempic and wegovy that seemingly work like magic…
continue reading satiety
legume-based pasta and satietygi groupjanuary 1, 2025



studies show that legumes, such as dried beans, peas, and lentils, can help regulate appetite and improve body weight and blood glucose (sugar) management. this is probably due to a combination of factors, like soluble fibre, plant protein, and other plant compounds, such as polyphenols. legumes also have a low glycemic index (gi) and low…
continue reading legume-based pasta and satiety
physical activity and satiety in people with type 2 diabetesalan barclayjanuary 1, 2025



physical activity guidelines for people with prediabetes (impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance) and type 2 diabetes are mainly based on research on the effects of exercise on health outcomes, such as glycemic control (e.g., hba1c), insulin sensitivity, blood lipids (e.g., cholesterol and triglycerides), and blood pressure. the impacts of exercise on appetite (e.g.,…
continue reading physical activity and satiety in people with type 2 diabetes
glycemic index and satietyalan barclayjanuary 1, 2025



there is increasing interest in the potential of foods to reduce the drive to eat, including reduced hunger and appetite, and increased fullness and satiety. while these words are often used interchangeably, they are not the same. hunger is defined as the physiological drive for food, whereas appetite is the psychological desire for food. fullness…
continue reading glycemic index and satiety
gi values of some highly satiating foodsalan barclayjanuary 1, 2025



for people with diabetes to those of you who count your carbohydrate intake in grams, exchanges or portions, we have included the details for each of these. 15g carbohydrate exchange – a serve containing 12-18g carbohydrate. 10g carbohydrate portion – a serve containing 7.6-12.5g carbohydrate. white bread, fresh gi 73 satiety index 100 serving: 1…
continue reading gi values of some highly satiating foods
wholemeal pastagi groupjanuary 1, 2025



wholemeal spiral pasta, fusilli wholemeal, wholewheat, wholegrain or pasta integrale, call it what you like, this trusty staple has stood the test of time. it’s worth keeping in your pantry as a reliable and inspiring ingredient to make healthy, delicious meals. while wholemeal pasta may not be traditional, it certainly wins in the nutrition stakes…
continue reading wholemeal pasta
the good carbs kitchengi groupjanuary 1, 2025



boston baked beans 0:10 prep • 0:10 cook • 4 servings • main• everyday ingredients 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 onion, diced 4 rashers lean bacon, fat removed, diced 2 x 400g cans cannellini beans, drained, rinsed 2 x 400g cans diced tomatoes ½ cup tomato sauce 2 teaspoons hot mustard 3 tablespoons golden syrup,…
continue reading the good carbs kitchen
 











 

leadership for good starts here

 




twitter
facebook
instagram
youtube

follow us_







media
news
find an expert
media contacts
 



student links
study dates
class timetables
libraries
 



about us
our rankings
faculties and schools
centres and institures
campus locations
maps and locations
 



connect
contact us
find a staff member
careers at sydney
events
emergencies and personal safety
 


 








 






follow us_

twitter
facebook
instagram
youtube




disclaimer
privacy
accessibility
website feedback
copyright and permission
 




abn: 15 211 513 464
                                cricos number: 00026a
                                teqsa: prv12057



 











 


