








maximize your nonprofit fundraising with kinetic consultants
























































skip to content



toggle navigationaboutwho we areour teamour servicesoverviewcapital campaignsongoing fundraisingprofessional servicesour workresourcesblog & newsbest practices guide 


search for:








speak with a consultant 


search for:









 


loading...


















































new homesignal technician2025-02-03t19:15:50+00:00 
unleashing
your power of
philanthropykinetic is the catalyst for maximizing the impact of your unique donors, volunteers and nonprofit professionals. with nonprofit consulting offerings that take you from start to finish, our fundraising experts will tailor services to your needs.
who we areoffering creative nonprofit consulting, kinetic helps organizations of all sizes and scopes achieve their fundraising goals. we can help maximize results in the following areas:
capital campaigns:
kinetic has dedicated consultants to help you reach your capital campaign fundraising goals through pre-campaign studies, and campaign counsel or management.
ongoing fundraising:
our fundraising experts will evaluate your practices and processes to ready you for expanded fundraising, and provide counsel or management to support ongoing fundraising, including estate giving, grant research and writing, fundraising events and more.
professional services:
kinetic’s team can assist with internal organizational needs including executive search, strategic planning, board and employee training, mentorship and more.
see the full list of capabilities on our “services” page.
our services0+organizations served annually0years of fundraising experience0+ team members worldwidetransform your fundraisingfill out our contact form.a representative will be in touch to schedule a meeting and clarify fundraising needs.
we’ll create an optimized team.kinetic will establish a team that best fits the consulting needs of your nonprofit organization.
unleash your power of philanthropy.our fundraising consultants will work with you to create and implement a tailored fundraising strategy with clear steps to achieve your goals.
get startedfeatured work

 

higher education
bright futuresmidamerica nazarene university’s (mnu) bold vision is to impact the world for christ by equipping servant leaders who are recognized for their excellence, integrity and spiritual vitality. since its founding in 1966, mnu has remained constant in its mission, but following many years of financial challenges and the natural inclination to pull back and default to belt tightening, it became clear the approach was not sustainable.read more


 

colleges, universities and community colleges
the path forwardmetropolitan community college (mcc) embarked on its most ambitious capital campaign ever with the inception of the path forward. this initiative sought to strengthen the region’s workforce pipeline by cultivating homegrown talent through the establishment of cutting-edge facilities tailored for student and community success.read more


 

healthcare
branching outliberty hospital foundation’s campaign to expand and improve its treehouse was completed in record time—15 months earlier than expected—even amid changes in leadership taking place at both the hospital and foundation.read more
see featured work 
 loading...







kinetic was a great asset to our fundraising team.  with their guidance, we completed our successful fundraising campaign and have had record fundraising years.  they took the time to learn our culture and determined what would work for our organization.
bob london executive director, alpha phi omega national service fraternity, kansas city 









blog & news

 

donor engagement: keep it personal02.10.25
 both as fundraising professionals and parents, my husband and i have always tried to convey to our daughter the importance of philanthropy for shaping the world around us. for the last five years, she has been running her own entrepreneurial business that she started when she was only seven. while her initial goal was [...]read more

the right time for a capital campaign in our work with thousands of nonprofits, one of the questions we are often [...]02.03.25

join us for the 2025 power of philanthropy summit date: friday, february 21, 2025 time: 9:00 a.m. – 11:15 a.m. cst  (10:00 a.m. [...]01.13.25

open hands and hearts a successful capital campaign requires planning and perseverance, with trained staff and volunteer leadership, [...]01.13.25

see all articlespotential recognized. goals reached.kinetic offers fundraising consulting to nonprofits across the globe.download our free guide with strategic advice and nonprofit fundraising best practices.
request best practices guide



 
 
sign up for the kinetic newsletter.tips from fundraising experts delivered to your inbox.
select newsletternewspower of philanthropy blogstrategies for success  sign upcontact us
phone: 866.630.8500
email: info@kineticfundraising.com
mailing address

p.o. box 410046
 kansas city, mo 64141
links
careers
speaker & events
security & privacy
follow us
© copyright 2025 kinetic fundraising inc. all rights reserved.


 
 
page load link

thank youyou’re signed up to receive the kinetic newsletter.






