


daypoems



daypoems: a seven-century poetry slam * 93,142 lines of verse * www.daypoems.net * timothy bovee, editor
poetry indexes by poet * 
by poem * 
poetry places * 
webmasters: feel free to link directly to individual poems.
bonsai courtesy of the online bonsai icon collection - http://www.hav.com/tobic.html



poems live under these trees

click on any bonsai to begin a random walk through the daypoems collection.
daypoems forum
click to submit poems to daypoems, comment on daypoems or a poem within, comment on other poetry sites, update links, or simply get in touch. daypoems forum.


daypoems favorites



 

tim bovee, private trader: the left brain side of my life.

 
mamabluefoot & the mountain
walderkinder: a cascadian mom and biologist teaches her children about the marvels
growing around them.

 

bliss fotography: really cool photos from san francisco

 

a poet on a magical journey home

 

chronicles of a sea woman

 

parallels studio

 

bipolar poetry

 

mantra.x

 

poetry, film and books

 

poetry archive


 

project gutenberg, a huge collection of books as text, produced as a volunteer enterprise starting in 1990. this is the source of the first poetry placed on daypoems.

 

tina blue's beginner's guide to prosody, exactly what the title says, and well worth reading.

 
popomo.net, miniature, minimalist-inspired sculptures created from industrial cereamics, an art project at lewis and clark college in portland, oregon.

 
pink.popomo.net, more projects from portland

 
oarena.net, furby, eliza, mr_friss and miss_friss.

 
save point 0.8.1, a portland, oregon, exhibit, aug. 13-sept. 5, 2004, at disjecta.





daypoems
*daypoems
*daypoems
*daypoems
*daypoems
*daypoems


a dozen poemsfor today
a version friendly to printer and palmtop
won't you help support daypoems?
click here to learn how.



won't you help support daypoems?











click here to learn more about how you can keep daypoems on the web . . .

night's mardi gras, by edward j. wheeler
night is the true democracy.  when day
like some great monarch with his train has passed,
in regal pomp and splendor to the last,
the stars troop forth along the milky way,
a jostling crowd, in radiant disarray,
complete poemonly blue escapes, by andrew patrick cummins
only blue escapes these seamless corners;
nothing else, i don't know why
the folded sky spills from itself,
intense and past due dry

there's contradiction yet there's comfort,
complete poemthe bitter herb, by jeanne robert foster
o bitter herb, forgetfulness,
i search for you in vain;
you are the only growing thing
can take away my pain.

when i was young, this bitter herb
complete poemthe inverted torch, by edith m. thomas
threading a darksome passage all alone,
the taper's flame, by envious current blown,
crouched low, and eddied round, as in affright,
so challenged by the vast and hostile night,
then down i held the taper; -- swift and fain
complete poembridal song, by george chapman
o come, soft rest of cares! come, night!
come, naked virtue's only tire,
the reaped harvest of the light
bound up in sheaves of sacred fire.
love calls to war:
complete poemthe old whim horse, by edward dyson
he's an old grey horse, with his head bowed sadly,
and with dim old eyes and a queer roll aft,
with the off-fore sprung and the hind screwed badly,
and he bears all over the brands of graft;
and he lifts his head from the grass to wonder
complete poemfair janet, by anonymous
child ballad 64

ye maun gang to your father, janet
ye maun gang to him sune;
ye maun gang to your father janet,
before his days are dune.
complete poembushland, by arthur patchett martin
not sweeter to the storm-tossed mariner
is glimpse of home, where wife and children wait
to welcome him with kisses at the gate,
than to the town-worn man the breezy stir
of mountain winds on rugged pathless heights:
complete poemto the virgins, to make much of time, by robert herrick
gather ye rosebuds while ye may,
old time is still a-flying:
and this same flower that smiles to-day
to-morrow will be dying.

the glorious lamp of heaven, the sun,
complete poemairly beacon, by charles kingsley
airly beacon, airly beacon;
o the pleasant sight to see
shires and towns from airly beacon,
while my love climb'd up to me!

airly beacon, airly beacon;
complete poemsong, by hartley coleridge
she is not fair to outward view
as many maidens be,
her loveliness i never knew
until she smiled on me;
o, then i saw her eye was bright,
complete poemshee, by joe duvernay
two members move up
die cast
shee obtains
righted permit(s)
contained in the satchel captured
complete poemcopyright
the daypoems web site, www.daypoems.net, is copyright 2001-2012 by timothy keith bovee. all rights reserved.
the authors of poetry and other material appearing on daypoems retain full rights to their work. any requests for publication in other venues must be negotiated separately with the authors. the editor of daypoems will gladly attempt to assist in putting interested parties in contact with the authors.
























support daypoemsbuy your books here




search:


all products
books
magazines
popular music
classical music
video
dvd
toys & games
baby
computer & video games
electronics
software
tools & hardware
outdoor living
kitchen & housewares
camera & photo
wireless phones



keywords:






















