



ck hutchison holdings limited










































 





about us



overview
group listed companies
senior advisor
board of directors
corporate governance
milestones
journal
careers



our businesses



ports and related services
retail
infrastructure
telecommunications
finance & investments and others



investor relations



share price
financial highlights
annual reports
interim reports
announcements & circulars - ck hutchison
announcements & circulars - group companies
shareholder information
bond issuers
sustainable finance
ir presentation
financial calendar
risk factors
investor contact
investor registration



sustainability



message from the chairman
sustainability policies
sustainability reports
other sustainability disclosures
sustainability contact



media centre



press releases
photo gallery
media registration
media contact



















ck hutchison is a leading port investor, developer and operator, with a strong presence in many of the world's busiest container ports. our interests comprise 53 ports in 24 countries. 



ck hutchison's as watson retail brand is one of the best-known and longest established trading names in asia. with a diverse global portfolio spanning health and beauty, supermarkets and consumer electronics, our retail interests comprise over 16,800 offline and online stores in 30 markets worldwide. 



ck hutchison's infrastructure division is a diverse portfolio of investments in energy infrastructure, transportation infrastructure, water infrastructure, waste management, energy-from-waste, household infrastructure and infrastructure related businesses.



ck hutchison is a leading global mobile telecommunications and data services operator and pioneer of mobile broadband technology. our operations comprise mobile, mobile broadband and wi-fi services in 11 countries around the world. 



in addition to finance and investment returns, the group also has interests in hutchison whampoa (china), hutchmed,  cenovus energy inc., tom group, marionnaud, ck life sciences and hutchison water.



























vodafone and three's response to the cma's remedies working paper05/11/2024

 

 ck asset and ck hutchison jointly enter the new regenerative agriculture sector30/10/2024






vodafone and three's response to cma provisional findings13/09/2024

 

ck hutchison highlights of unaudited results for the six months ended 30 june 202415/08/2024











overview
group listed companies
senior advisor
board of directors
corporate governance
milestones
journal
careers



rss feeds
add to favourites
print this page
share this page




privacy policy
terms and conditions
copyright









privacy policy   terms and conditions   sitemap
ck hutchison holdings limited 長江和記實業有限公司 (incorporated in the cayman islands with limited liability).   copyright 2025   all rights reserved.


