     owensboro ford dealer in owensboro ky | evansville henderson madisonville ford dealership kentucky                                                                      champion ford        sales 270-713-0725    service 270-713-0758  parts 270-713-0703  quick lane 270-684-6966   140 southtown boulevardowensboro, ky 42303                                      service        map        contact                       champion ford             call 270-713-0725   directions                  home   new   search inventory   raptor, roush,black widow, rocky ridge   trade appraisal   schedule test drive   custom order   shop the #1 selling truck!   electric vehicle lifestyle   electric vehicles   f-150 lightning   mustang mach e     used   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   find my car     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   manufacturer service specials   manufacturer specials   farm bureau association exclusive cash reward     service & parts   service appointment   service department   mobile service   quick lane®   collision center   champion detail center   fordpass     finance   finance department   payment calculator   credit application   buying vs. leasing   value your trade   black book credit estimator     ownership   ford pass rewards   ford pickup & delivery     about   about   why buy from us?   hours & directions   contact us   video gallery   career opportunities   community involvement   leave us a review   our reviews     research   model showroom   tire care advice   oil change advice                     home   new   search inventory   raptor, roush,black widow, rocky ridge   trade appraisal   schedule test drive   custom order   shop the #1 selling truck!   electric vehicle lifestyle   electric vehicles   f-150 lightning   mustang mach e     used   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   find my car     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   manufacturer service specials   manufacturer specials   farm bureau association exclusive cash reward     service & parts   service appointment   service department   mobile service   quick lane®   collision center   champion detail center   fordpass     finance   finance department   payment calculator   credit application   buying vs. leasing   value your trade   black book credit estimator     ownership   ford pass rewards   ford pickup & delivery     about   about   why buy from us?   hours & directions   contact us   video gallery   career opportunities   community involvement   leave us a review   our reviews     research   model showroom   tire care advice   oil change advice               











inventory




inventory
search

       filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     all new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     all new used certified      search       











service




schedule service
 schedule now





service
our service technicians are highly trained and certified.



service



schedule



specials












     search new inventory     search used inventory               disclaimer                   disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                 






easy financing

get pre-approved 









ford accessories

search here 









special offers

view specials 









trade appraisal

value trade 







            mustang        escape        edge        explorer        expedition        bronco sport        bronco        maverick        ranger        f-150        f-150 lightning        super duty f-250 pickup        transit & transit connect        mustang mach-e          

f-series
the best-selling trucks in america for 47 straight years.

since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability. up-to-the-nanosecond technology. and jaw-dropping capability. leading the way for 47 straight years is grueling, intense and tough. yeah. just the way f-series likes it.

view inventory





      
 
      


a car you can call new

we call it ford certified pre-owned (cpo). you'll call it peace of mind. that's because every cpo vehicle comes with a 172-point inspection, carfax® vehicle history report, and comprehensive and powertrain limited warranties. there's added value to a ford certified pre-owned vehicle.

shop certified





     

champion ford
ford dealer in owensboro, ky


welcome to champion ford! located in owensboro, ky, champion ford is proud to be one of the premier dealerships in the area. from the moment you walk into our showroom, you'll know our commitment to customer service is second to none. we strive to make your experience with champion ford a good one - for the life of your vehicle. whether you need to purchase, finance, or service a new or pre-owned ford, you've come to the right place.

more about us


     

 






follow us on social media



                            







    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 6:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed         service/parts hours         monday 7:30am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 6:00pm    friday 7:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:30am - 2:00pm    sunday closed         collision center hours         monday 7:30am - 5:00pm     tuesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:00pm    friday 7:30am - 5:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed         hours        


     

champion ford
welcome to champion ford! located in owensboro, kentucky, we are happy to be one of the state's top car dealers. from the moment you walk into our showroom, you will notice greater attention to detail and a higher standard for customer service than anywhere else in the owensboro area.


about champion ford
we aim to make champion ford your first-choice dealership for new or pre-owned vehicles and quality oem parts. even if your focus goes beyond ford, don't settle on a pre-owned model from another automaker before checking our extensive pre-owned inventory.
whether you're waiting for your vehicle to be serviced, picking up the parts you need, or stopping by to check out new or pre-owned vehicles, you'll get the service you need quickly and with a smile. if you live anywhere near owensboro and can spare a visit in person, we invite you to walk in and take a look around our lot. take a glance at our inventory because it changes every day.
dealership specialties
the experts at champion ford are dedicated to providing both friendly and quick service, but that's just the beginning. we offer an unbeatable volume in the highest demand models, like:


f-150


explorer


escape


super-duty


bronco sport


it's not just about the quality of the vehicles in our lot, but the quality of yours after we take care of it. champion ford's professional and dependable service and parts departments are open for extra hours, including saturdays, to accommodate our customers' busy schedules. as always, champion ford offers affordable pricing based on only what your vehicle needs and what you want to be done. we even have a quick lane tire and light maintenance store, which is a great place to get a deal on tires with no appointment necessary.


why shop here?
one of our biggest advantages as a dealership is second-chance financing. if you've had difficult circumstances or events that lowered your credit score, it can seem as if you'll never get a car without spending half your paycheck on it. let us help. we also offer guaranteed trade-in value, according to fair market value, even if you don't buy from us after the trade-in.
we are the winner of dozens of automaker and consumer satisfaction awards, including the 2021 ford dealer of the year in kentucky, so you can feel confident working with us to buy a car or keep yours running in top condition.
charities/organizations
we couldn't get to such an amazing standard of service without your loyal support, and we believe in giving back. to date, champion ford has contributed to girls inc., lions club, kentucky wesleyan college, owensboro symphony orchestra, owensboro catholic schools, daviess county baseball, boy scouts of america, shop with a cop, kentucky remembers, and daviess county pantherettes.
if you've been looking for high-quality automotive parts, services, and new/pre-owned vehicles that don't break the bank, make champion ford your next stop. we're all about the mvp deal, where honest and trustworthy business meets cutting-edge tools to save the customer time. our team, just like our site, is at your service.

    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures champion ford | 140 southtown boulevard, owensboro, ky 42303 | sales: 270-713-0725 |                

















               