





hottrix












×close
we'd love to hear from you!




		  ask questions, share ideas, and meet other hottrix-heads over on facebook. we can also chat via messenger. click for more ways to reach us.















apps


software


products


contact


more...












apps


software

 

products


contact






 menu












 





    	hottrix invents products for stage, television, and cinema. the 25 year old las vegas company became a household name with their satirical ibeer app. artist owned and operated, hottrix stays small and wacky despite the 90 million app success. more about hottrix...


		as seen on


	
		authorized retailers

























apps











krazyfinger
        your spectator's phone will never be the same!











replica engine
        objects jump out of instagram then hop into your hands with replica4d.











ibeer
        120 million downloads and still funny! the legendary ibeer is a hilarious visual trick that behaves ...











ibeer live wallpaper
        beer trapped inside your phone? splashing around behind your other apps?
it's ibeer live wallp...











ibug
        hyper-realistic bugs inhabit your iphone. you feed and tickle them until they grow huge from snacks ...











ibug classic
        the creepy bug-zapping hilariousness that apple didn't allow in the app store.











ibug for kids
        laugh and learn with a quirky ladybug who loves fruit, vegetables, and the occasional bad snack. lea...











ice bucket challenge simulator
        pretend to pour ice water over your head. this app acts like super realistic ice water but keeps you...











ice bucket challenge trick
        hottrix joins oprah winfrey, bill gates, and jennifer lopez in the ice bucket challenge to raise awa...











icharger
        never hunt for power plugs again. simply charge your iphone by sheer force of tactile magic.











ichocolate
        drink chocolate from the comfort of your pocket. move over, ibeer. smartphone drinking just became a...











ifireplace
        romance in your pocket. mountain cabin coziness on demand. warm hands and hearts with ifireplace.











igoldfish
        a freakishly realistic goldfish visits your iphone. you feed him. he chews loudly, then swims off.











imilk
        from the inventors of award-winning ibeer comes a healthy alternative to iphone-drinking: imilk! dri...











imunchies
        from hottrix, infamous creators of ibeer, comes the answer to snack attacks. make and eat popcorn on...











instaprompter
        secretly communicate with people on stage with instaprompter, a revolutionary stage intercom telepro...











isnail
        who smudged the screen again? not you! but the isnails who live on your home screen.











isoda
        from legendary creators of ibeer, hottrix, comes this itunes award winner.
drink soda on your iphon...











isoda free
        drink soda on your phone! this hilarious trick looks like your phone is filling up with soda. you ca...











ivegas
        win at your own slot machine every time! then pour the winnings right into your hand.











jarheads
        meet jarhead bob, your personal pocket-sized dungeon lab sample. combine the wacky minds of hottrix&...











magic wallet
        your iphone becomes an atm. make money on your iphone, then reach into the screen and start spending...











mindbeam
        predict the future and read minds from anywhere in the world with an iphone card trick worthy of ame...











miracle selfie
        you’ll laugh your head off. literally! meet miracle selfie, a comedy photo app that looks like...











money by sms
        receive real money via sms, then pluck it right out of the screen.






software











instantapp - app and website at once
        make an app like james bond. just drag and drop stuff to create an app, a website, and a mobile site...






products











fingerprint simulator
        hyper realistic slip-on fingers for spy- and heist movies. skin-like flexibility, pores, and manicur...











handz-up for paranormal stunts
        hyper realistic artificial slip-on hand for stage, tv, and pickpocket scenes. hollow and ultra flexi...











rinkey dinkey - jewelry thief car key
        james bond ring flight prop that performs miracles for you. secret precision mechanics built into th...











thumbs-up soft for hd video magic
        hyper realistic artificial slip-on thumb for stage, tv, and orthopedics. hollow and ultra flexible i...











automatic thimbles for nighttime magic
        4 mysteriously glowing thimbles appear and vanish on your fingertips. impressive night time street m...











body part mega-pack
        get our entire collection of hyper-realistic fingers and hands at a fat discount. includes world...











cupoodles hiding in sealed food
        transport objects into sealed packages! borrow a ring, coin, signed playing card and make it reappea...











inferno - invisible flame thrower
        inferno produces huge bursts of fire from your hands or any object you touch! show your hands empty ...











magnet-up stops watches
        world's strongest magnet fits perfectly into our hyper realistic slip-on fingers to stay invisi...











peter marvey's card thru window
        learn how to throw objects through closed windows without breaking either...
join world champion ma...











python pull s - king of reels
        dynamite strength the size of a match box, pythonpull reliably grabs stuff and pulls it where it nee...











sprizzer for wacky liquid gags
        squirt liquids and shoot smoke from anywhere, even your "bare" hands. precision molded pro...











sylvester pitch anniversary dvd
        the complete video course on award winner dan sylvester's inertia pass. a revolutionary techniq...











        please enter a valid email address.
        

        you are now subscribed to our news.
        



subscribe to news

no spam ever. unsubscribe anytime.








apps • 
software • 
products • 
contact • 

about us
 • 

magic tricks • iphone • prosthetics • stage • video tutorials • instruction manuals • james bond • android • showbiz solutions • kids • 1000 rabbits
 • 

photos

subscribe to news


as seen on



authorized retailers















privacy policy • terms of use

© copyright 2025 hottrix®
no parts of this website may be reproduced without permission.
hottrix® is a registered trademark with the united states patent and trademark office 








