




true religion works
















































































































				true religion works
there are 
				many religions in the world today, and each claiming its own 
				legitimacy. how is one to know truth from error? 
				the answer is simple for honest and sincere seekers -- true 
				religion works. every magician has his weakness: the truth 
				always reveals his seeming great power, ability or knowledge to 
				have been a mere trick, a sleight of hands, or a quick hidden 
				secret maneuver. likewise, every false religion has its weakness 
				-- like a magician, there's something up his sleeve -- so every 
				false religion must be secretive, hidden, crafty, deceitful, 
				pulling the wool over the eyes of the intrigued observers lest 
				they find out what they thought to be power and greatness was 
				simply a prank, and they were the greater fools for believing 
				it. 
darkness, 
				fear, ignorance and sorcery always go hand-in-hand, while light 
				is the all-time exposer and revealer of truth and knowledge 
				thereby bringing freedom and peace. shed a little light 
				on the subject. true religion works. it is not 
				fabricated; it uses no mask. like gold, it can be judged, 
				critiqued, examined, tested, proved, tried -- and found to be 
				exactly what it claims to be. fool's gold, however, would resist 
				testing if it was seeking to be passed off as real gold, because 
				it simply cannot pass the test of being gold; it is not genuine.
now, just 
				because there is an abundance of fool's gold, we do not assume 
				there is no genuine gold. just because there are many frauds, we 
				do not assume there is no truth. just because there are many 
				false religions does not mean there is no true religion. the 
				very fact there are magicians, fabrications, and false religions 
				is all the more evidence that there is something so real and so 
				valuable and so enduring that it is so heavily counterfeited by 
				frauds. 
false 
				religion resists investigation, but true religion can stand all 
				interrogation and will remain. 
if a 
				magician successfully pulls the wool over the eyes of a million 
				observers, does that mean he has real power, knowledge and 
				greatness? or does it rather mean his followers are not wise to 
				his clever tricks, and are to some degree his fools? history 
				testifies that millions of people can be deceived. the bible 
				bears witness that the devil has deceived the entire world. the 
				devil is the master trickster and deceiver and fraud. he is 
				called a dragon and a liar, but he can appear as an angel of 
				light. it is only by the light of god's word that mankind can be 
				freed from the tricks of the devil who uses all religions as he 
				pleases to keep the people under his spell, his power and his 
				control. 
"and ye 
				shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free." 

true 
				religion works. it is not reserved for one day of the week, or 
				one building in town, but it influences every aspect of life 
				--political, 
				economical, 
				social, intellectual, 
				aesthetic, 
				technological and false religion harms all these areas of life. 
				religion always sits on top and governs what's underneath. when 
				a society is governed by false religion, it suffers in politics, 
				economics, society, learning, arts and technology. 

				true religion is reasonable. it can be argued and 
				defended. it is absolute and unchanging. when martin luther in 
				1517 was willing to debate the entire roman catholic church 
				which held the world in its power; it was the truth that 
				overcame the bondage rome held over the world. he shined the 
				light and the dark ages went away. one of his "95 theses" which 
				he derived asked if the pope had the power to free anyone from 
				purgatory, why not free them all? what could they say? the world 
				began to see what wool was pulled over their eyes for so long, 
				because the truth came into the picture. true religion is 
				reasonable and exposes everything for what it is. 

				true religion sets free all who believe it. john bunyan 
				has written, "stone walls do not a prison make nor iron bars a 
				cage." a person with true religion is free, not matter what 
				circumstances he is presently in -- whether sickness, war, 
				imprisonment or danger. find the religion that has set more 
				people free and done more good and help to individuals, 
				families, governments, states, etc. and you will find the one 
				that works. what religion liberates from bondage, ignorance, 
				poverty, sin, death and ruin? what religion has a track record 
				of success and blessing? 
it is 
				important to note that the greatness of america was due to her 
				religion and nothing else. it was christianity -- genuine 
				christianity -- that caused america to become the greatest 
				nation of the world. it is now the rejection of true religion 
				and the acceptance of false religions that is causing america to 
				sink in all areas -- political, economical, social, 
				intellectual, aesthetic, technological. when a society rejects 
				the way, the truth and the life, it can only deteriorate, 
				corrupt and die. the public school setting is a perfect picture 
				of this to all honest observers. 
what false 
				religion has ever produced the freedom of the press, freedom of 
				speech, freedom of assembly? has any muslim nation? what false 
				religion can boast of an alexander graham bell, or handel, or 
				newton, or bach, or pasteur? a study of great inventors and 
				achievers and musicians always points to the influence of 
				christianity, because true religion works. 
the 
				history of civilization is the history of western civilization. 
				there is no real history in the east until the west brought the 
				influence of christianity. there was no development or 
				improvement in areas or jungles around the world until the 
				influence of christianity reached them. education and learning 
				and technological improvements all flourish under the influence 
				of christianity and wane when it is removed. the american 
				indians did not have an industrial revolution, reformation, 
				advancement in technology, etc. they were savages because they 
				were destitute of true religion. it is important that the first 
				bible printed in this country was in an indian dialect -- true 
				missionaries always bring the first ray of help to those living 
				under the bondage of false religion.
at 
				one time, all men everywhere knew the truth. the bible, 
				god's word, tells us of a universal flood which covered the 
				world about 4000 years ago. only eight people on the ark were 
				saved, and the bible says, by them was the whole earth 
				overspread. at that time all people on earth knew the truth, but 
				as they spread abroad populating the world, they began to lose 
				and forget and corrupt the knowledge of the truth they once had. 
				all false religions of the world today are mere corruptions of 
				the truth men once knew. 

				true religion has existed from the beginning of time and shall 
				last to the end of time. the god who created adam of 
				the dust of the ground and told him what to believe is the god 
				of abraham, and moses and david and paul and genuine christians 
				today. jesus was not the latest new religion. he was and 
				continues to be the only religion. he said, "abraham rejoiced to 
				see my day." ishmael did not retain the religion of his father 
				abraham, but became as the prophecy stated, "he shall be a wild 
				man." the arabs have been a wild people since their father 
				ishmael. they have rejected the faith of abraham as have their 
				brethren the jews, who also reject jesus, and it is no wonder 
				their religion does not work. they are a cruel, merciless, 
				people who conquer by sword and threats and fear and blood. 
				christianity is so much greater able to do more with one pen of 
				truth than a thousand swords of fright. the pen is still 
				mightier than the sword. try using the pen in a muslim state and 
				see if you don't get the sword. they are at enmity with the 
				word, because the word brings freedom life and liberty from 
				their bondage and oppression.

				christianity conquers by the power of truth and 
				liberates the soul. islam must use the sword and force its 
				converts. see how christianity is so much better, bringing 
				peace, joy, happiness, love, hope and contentment. these 
				concepts are foreign to islam and all false religions because 
				false religions are not genuine. only true religion works.
				

				god has revealed what we are to believe and how we are 
				to live in his word, the bible. it is only to be expected that 
				the devil would do what magic he could to produce as many 
				corruptions, imitations, confusions as possible to blur people 
				from knowing what is the correct bible. he has produced his own 
				multiple bibles to trick the masses, but jesus assures, my sheep 
				hear my voice, and i know them, and they follow me, and they 
				shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my 
				hands. god's true children will be persuaded by and able to 
				identify true religion. 
it is only 
				to be expected that the devil would fabricate christianity and 
				produce his own counterfeit versions. how do we know who is 
				really a christian and who is a fraud? yea, let god be true, but 
				every man a liar. true religion works. the reason most 
				christianity of today is such a mockery and failing misery, is 
				because it simply is not true, but is a fabrication from the 
				devil. 
when 
				churches claim to want to save the world, but have the same 
				statistics as the world, it is evident something is wrong with 
				their religion -- where is the power? when churches claim to 
				want to change the world, but change with the world and pattern 
				themselves after the world, they reveal no other power but that 
				received from the world. so, who needs such a church to escape 
				from this world? 
god gives 
				one of the requirements for a pastor that he must be able to 
				rule well his own house, having his children in subjection with 
				all gravity. now, when modern day professing preachers claim to 
				be of god, but have children who are themselves a disgrace to 
				christianity, they give greater evidence of being the devil's 
				magicians who have merely managed to trick their followers, than 
				true servants of the living god. if a man can't persuade his own 
				family to embrace his religion, how does he think he shall 
				persuade others who spend less time with him? only by the latest 
				magic. the bible promises, train up a child in the way he should 
				go, and when he is old, he will not depart from it -- that's a 
				religion with power -- that religion works. 
the bible 
				says in many places that in the last days there shall be a 
				multitude of magicians who will use christianity for their own 
				sinful motives. they will use trickery, deceit, fabrication and 
				subtle twisting of scripture to keep in bondage their simple 
				followers. many shall be deceived and err because they know not 
				the scriptures nor the power of god. 

				true religion is not determined or measured by popular opinion. 
				one man who knows the truth is better off than a million 
				deceived followers of the latest, greatest magician yet. the 
				bible says that deceiver is yet to come -- the antichrist -- and 
				all the world shall worship him, except for those few whose 
				names god has already written in the book of life. 
are you 
				deceived? have you been too long enamored by religious 
				magicians? can you even tell who the magicians are? do you have 
				the light of god's word directing your way and the spirit of god 
				bearing witness to the truth? do you know the truth? are you 
				free? turn back to the bible; turn back to real christianity; 
				turn back to god's only way of salvation from sin and death and 
				hell, and you will find that --

				true religion works.
 




























 










