































optimizing health care facilities | ashe







      skip to main content
    






































my learning subscribe join store






















search



search this site
search all of aha





















    
    about

      







    
    chapters

      



    
    corporate sponsors

      



    
    governance

      



    
    ashe membership

      



    
    ashe overview

      



    
    promotional opportunities

      



    
    ashe staff

      









    
    advocacy

      







    
    ashe advocacy

      



    
    advocacy liaisons

      



    
    alerts/briefs

      



    
    compliance tools

      









    
    education & events

      







    
    ⚙️register: pdc summit™ & exhibition

      



    
    all education offerings

      







    
    education homepage

      



    
    e-learning

      



    
    schneider electric university

      



    
    in-person

      



    
    live online

      



    
    on-demand

      



    
    webinars

      









    
    calendar

      



    
    cec certificate request form

      



    
    certifications

      



    
    conferences and events

      







    
    ashe academy

      



    
    facilities & engineering week

      



    
    health care facilities innovation conference

      



    
    host a program

      



    
    speak at a conference

      



    
    pdc summit™

      









    
    hfm magazine cec quiz 

      



    
    ilse b. almanza scholarship fund

      



    
    learning center

      



    
    preferred education provider

      









    
    get involved

      







    
    apply to volunteer

      



    
    awards and recognition programs

      



    
    become a sponsor

      



    
    get certified

      



    
    ilse b. almanza scholarship fund

      



    
    just ask ashe

      



    
    speak at a conference

      



    
    submit a publication idea

      









    
    member corner

      







    
    ashe membership

      



    
    compliance tools

      



    
    hfm magazine

      



    
    hfm magazine quiz

      



    
    join/renew

      



    
    just ask ashe

      



    
    management monographs

      



    
    member directory

      



    
    my ashe online community

      



    
    on demand learning

      



    
    voices of ashe

      



    
    your account

      







    
    update profile

      



    
    renew membership

      















    
    news & resources

      







    
    ashe core competency framework™

      



    
    resource library

      



    
    the architecture for health showcase

      



    
    ashe pages buyer's guide

      



    
    career center

      



    
    chapter leader resources

      



    
    converting alternate care sites

      



    
    covid-19 resources

      



    
    cybersecurity

      



    
    hcfm handbook series

      



    
    hfm magazine

      



    
    management monographs

      



    
    press center

      



    
    press releases

      



    
    project firstline

      



    
    sustainability roadmap

      



    
    wmts information

      
















































register for pdc summit™

join 3,300+ colleagues from all aspects of health care planning, design and construction. let's design the future of health care spaces together.


            learn more & register
          









secure vital funding for your department

gain tools to advocate for your department with optimizing health care finance: the facilities manager's handbook.


            learn more
          









nominate or apply today!

2025 ashe awards and senior/fellow applications are open! ashe members have a significant impact on the health care facilities management. it's time to be recognized for your key accomplishments and contributions to the field.nominate a colleague or apply today! the deadline is april 1.


            learn more
          









understanding health care compliance: the facilities manager's handbook

use this comprehensive overview of health care facilities codes, standards and regulations to avoid costly penalties that hurt an organization’s finances, reputation and ability to provide quality patient care. 


            learn more
          









start here

dive into 8 core competencies for health care facilities managers!find the resources you need.ensure you have the right combination of skills.succeed in your career and positively impact care delivery.


            learn more
          
















explore the latest projects

view the latest health care facility design and construction projects nationwide, featuring innovative designs that redefine and elevate health care spaces. these projects go beyond conventional layouts, incorporating cutting-edge ideas to enhance patient care, efficiency and sustainability.


            view showcase
          









bring ashe education to your doorstep

skip the offsite costs and bring our expertise directly to your doorstep. our programs cover everything from skills-based training to compliance and certification preparation. you have the learners; we supply the content, faculty, supporting materials and marketing tools. 


            learn more
          















discover how ashe can support your sustainability journey








ashe is your one trusted resource for optimizing the health care built environment
the american society for health care engineering (ashe) is the largest association dedicated to optimizing the health care built environment. ashe’s 12,000+ members design, build, and operate hospitals, and are involved in improving the health care physical environment from the time hospital blueprints are drawn throughout the lifespan of a facility.
 
explore membership
 

membership options: professional active member | associate member | retired member | educator/student member









educationprograms and events to help you address the ever-changing challenges that health care facility professionals face.view program offeringscertificationsstay ahead. get certified in your role of optimizing health care facilities.get certifiedstart heredive into 8 core competencies. a new way to succeed using ashe's pre-eminent library of unbiased, expert-developed resources.learn moreadvocacy toolsashe members can access time-saving tools in the areas of compliance, operational and management.view toolsashe career centervisit the ashe career center. 










upcoming events






  feb
  19
  mechanic evaluation and certification for healthcare (mech) education & exam review provided by legacy fm  event begins: wed, feb 19, 2025
  
learn more
 

  feb
  27
  greening the red bag: three steps to safe & sustainable medical waste management | webinar  event begins: thu, feb 27, 2025
  
learn more
 

  mar
  9
  pdc summit™ 2025 | atlanta  event begins: sun, mar 09, 2025
  
learn more
 


view all events




 












myashe
see more 



24/7 access
learn, share, and connect with fellow health care engineering professionals nationwide. (members only)


discussion boards
ask questions and share answers with health care engineering peers


resources
view and download hundreds of templates, forms, and policies shared by colleagues


member directory
search for ashe member contact information by name, state, or country
















upcoming education



ashe's education programs address pressing matters in health care facility management, design and construction.

view calendar





resource library



ashe's trusted library provides members with the latest tools and research to help prepare for the future, ensure compliance and stay informed on the latest in health care.

view resources





hfm magazine



ashe's flagship publication, health facilities management magazine, covers the latest trends, best practices, research, and news in the field.

visit hfm



 







stay in touch with ashe! sign up for the latest information from ashe.sign up today 

































                    corporate sponsors
            
    



















































‹›
































american society for health care engineering


155 n. wacker dr., ste.400, chicago, il 60606


phone: 312-422-3800


email: ashe@aha.org




explore membership


sign up for emails


media kit/sponsorship





facebook
linkedin
twitter
youtube








          © 2025 by the american hospital association. all rights reserved.
        

privacy policy


do not sell or share my personal information


terms of use




noncommercial use of original content on www.aha.org is granted to aha institutional members, their employees and state, regional and metro hospital associations unless otherwise indicated. aha does not claim ownership of any content, including content incorporated by permission into aha produced materials, created by any third party and cannot grant permission to use, distribute or otherwise reproduce such third party content. request permission to reproduce aha content.










