




home - pennsylvania child care association













































+
























home
about paccaabout paccamission & visionwhat we doboard & committeesstaffcontact usdirectionsprivacy policymembership centert.e.a.c.h. scholarshipt.e.a.c.h. scholarshipabout t.e.a.c.h.how to applycolleges & universitiesscholarship recipient resourcessponsoring employer resourcesonline learning resourcesvoices from the fieldnewsfundersannual reportcontact t.e.a.c.h.partnerships & programsissues & advocacynews & eventstools & ideas

						login
					



						join pacca
					



						donate
					






×
member log in










forgot password?




















































































































































join pacca
donate







 























about paccaabout paccamission & visionwhat we doboard & committeesstaffcontact usdirectionsprivacy policymembership centert.e.a.c.h. scholarshipt.e.a.c.h. scholarshipabout t.e.a.c.h.how to applycolleges & universitiesscholarship recipient resourcessponsoring employer resourcesonline learning resourcesvoices from the fieldnewsfundersannual reportcontact t.e.a.c.h.partnerships & programsissues & advocacynews & eventstools & ideas
login
 



 


pacca: the power of community!learn moret.e.a.c.h. early childhood®️ pennsylvania scholarship programlearn morejoin us and start strong palearn morewho are pacca members?learn more

‹
›

 


  we are pennsylvania's early care & education providersthe pennsylvania child care association (pacca) is a nonprofit, membership organization that represents and supports early childhood education providers across the state. pacca works to advance high-quality early learning through advocacy, professional development, and support for its members, ensuring that pennsylvania’s youngest children have access to quality care and education.pacca's membership includes over 1,500 regulated child care programs, resource and referral agencies, and organizations that support the child care community. collectively, these programs employed nearly 20,000 staff and served more than 140,000 children daily pre-pandemic.   e-news sign upreceive up-to-date news & events regarding pacca!





















 t.e.a.c.h early childhood pennsylvania scholarshipt.e.a.c.h early childhood pennsylvania scholarship program works with providers, colleges, and child care staff to offer scholarship programs and support systems that improve the education and compensation of child care workers. t.e.a.c.h obtains its funding through grants from businesses, foundations, and government. by helping increase professionalism, raise wages, and reduce staff turnover of child care staff, this public-private partnership brings higher quality care to pennsylvania's children.quick linkscontact usjoin paccat.e.a.c.h. scholarshipspa early childhood education summittake actionmember directoryjob postingsevent calendar  twitter tweets by paccaorg   events feed

education & policy committee (zoom)

		friday | april 4, 2025
	
the education & policy committee is a pacca member committee that monitors and... 

education & policy committee (zoom)

		friday | june 6, 2025
	
the education & policy committee is a pacca member committee that monitors and... 

early childhood workforce day at the capitol

		tuesday | june 10, 2025
	
join us on the front steps of the capitol in harrisburg to urge lawmakers to sup... 

2025 early childhood education summit

		sunday | october 19, 2025
	

the  summit ... an opportunity to dialogue and learn while building a strong... 
 view all events   news feed






pacca seeking board candidates

january 14, 2025







pacca seeking an advocacy manager 

january 7, 2025







thousands of pennsylvanians call on governor shapiro to fix child care 

december 19, 2024







pacca releases report on 2023-24 t.e.a.c.h. scholarship

december 18, 2024

view all news   pacca's partners  




‹
›

 privacy policy





				© 2025 pennsylvania child care association




				website powered by memberleap.





