




age of mythology heaven – the #1 resource for age of mythology: retold on the web.




















age of mythology heaven









menu

home

latest news
news archives
home page
submit news
features
reviews
previews
contests
interviews

retold

retold central
retold cheats
retold maps
retold taunts
retold god powers
what’s new in retold?

freyr dlc

freyr dlc

community

forums
forum guides

downloads

downloads central
downloads spotlights
review guidelines
demo
submit

images

gallery central
retold: pre release
ee: beta images
ee: eyecandy showcase
ee: competitions
aomhtoons central

faq

general faq
x-pack faq
scenario design
unit counters
unit questions

strategy

strategy central
newbie guide
cpn walkthrough

scen design

scenario design hub
faq
first looks
the basics
map design
xs scripting
ee scen design

game info

game info central
unit guide
buildings guide
civilizations
god powers
relic guide
random maps
how it works
tables
hotkeys
cheats
myth articles

totd

tale of the dragon central
what’s new?
the chinese gods and culture
chinese units
chinese myth units
chinese god powers
chinese buildings

aomheaven

about aomh
staff
site feedback
heavengames






welcome to aomh



if you’re new to the site and want a way to break the ice, say hello here!
are you here for retold? . check out our game overview with screenshots and a list of the most important features.
got a burning question about the game? find your answers in our faq! if you’re still having trouble, ask one of us in the question thread.
become part of the aomh community, post in our various forums.
looking to improve your supremacy skills? you’ll find all sorts of strategy guides at strategy central.
want to learn how to make custom maps? head over to the scenario design hub
be sure to check out downloads central for latest updates in over 10,000 items submitted by the fans! our downloads spotlights contain some of the greatest.



retold is here!buy it now on steam.



latest news


immortal pillars dlc: release date confirmed
posted by yeebaagooon on february 04th, 2025 @ 1:44 p.m.
age of mythology: retold – immortal pillarsrelease date: 4th march 2025an entirely redesigned chinese culture and campaign dlc will be gracing our screens next month! find out more from the official announcement.
permalink | comments [1]


hocus pocus 2024: voting
posted by yeebaagooon on october 28th, 2024 @ 04:00 a.m.
the time has come to cast your vote in our annual spooky themed screenshot competition. we are blessed with retold this year and have received three screenshots.please go to the voting thread to cast your vote before the 31st.i strongly recommend you click each screenshot to view in full size.a: another campfire taleb: i heard you have treatsc: untitledd: blood eagle wraith
permalink | comments disabled


arena of the gods announcement
posted by yeebaagooon on october 22nd, 2024 @ 03:20 a.m.
aoe official has announced a new game mode coming to retold; arena of the gods. it will drop free on the 7th of november.this game mode was mentioned pre-release. from the details given it looks like you will lead kastor through 35 possible new missions (actually less to get to the finale due to the labyrinth branching mechanic).the missions will have world twists, which are small thematic modifiers. interestingly a player will be able to choose a set of blessings, unique bonuses only available on aotg missions.from the screenshot there will be at least one ‘boss arena’ type mission. whether this can match up to the custom content boss battles of old remains to be seen but still looks like an interesting feature!
permalink | comments [1]


hocus pocus 2024
posted by yeebaagooon on september 20th, 2024 @ 04:29 a.m.
hocus pocus 2024our halloween themed screenshot competition is back from a  two year silent slumber for a retold extravaganza. this year, you have until october the 28th to submit your spooky screenshot, giving plenty of time and notice for designers.we have a proud tradition of new forumers making their screenshot debut in this competition as well as our regular screenshot veterans returning. i really hope we are going to see lots of entries!there are a number of fantastic guides to help you out in our  scenario design hub, including how to line up animations and take a screenshot.
permalink | comments [2]


retold is now in early access
posted by yeebaagooon on august 28th, 2024 @ 01:08 a.m.
mortals, the time has come. retold is now live! those who have purchased early access are able to enjoy the game.as such, we’ve had a few changes to the main site to help you out with navigating the new game.retold central contains all the details.check out our what’s new page for an overview of all the salient features of the game.we have a brand new scenario design hub which we hope to load full of guides over the coming months. the continuous screenshot competition is also restarting!
permalink | comments [1]


one week to go until retold
posted by yeebaagooon on august 21st, 2024 @ 2:46 p.m.
the early access that is. retold is out in two weeks, ushering a new era for the beloved game and this site.perhaps now is the time to reflect on the current game before it meets the final demise and can rest on olympus itself.there has also been a new video released from gamescon which demonstrates the new major god pack for the norse (dlc): freyr.i managed to find this image on agewiki of a flaming fenris wolf god power for the mythic age, entitled inferno!
permalink | comments [8]


do you want to play aom retold this weekend?
posted by yeebaagooon on july 24th, 2024 @ 2:49 p.m.
i bring joyous news that you can! even better, no purchase is necessary.so what’s happening here? the developers very sensibly want to stress test the multiplayer servers. each day over the weekend will have a 3 hour slot where players will be invited to play retold on the multiplayer servers. this is all the detail we have, it looks pretty clear this will be a supremacy/normal game mode event. i am unsure whether deathmatch/lighting or other such modes will be permitted. custom scenarios will be out since nobody has had any time to make them, and the editor will not be available during this event.how do i join?join the age of mythology: retold playtest by going to the steam page and requesting access. download can only be done 6 hours before a slot starts.when is this happening?friday, 26 july – 5:30 am pt (8:30 am et / 12:30 utc) to 8:30 am pt (11:30 am et / 15:30 utc)saturday, 27 july – 5:30 am pt (8:30 am et / 12:30 utc) to 8:30 am pt (11:30 am et / 15:30 utc)sunday, 28 july – 5:30 am pt (8:30 am et / 12:30 utc) to 8:30 am pt (11:30 am et / 15:30 utc)find out more here.
permalink | comments [6]


age of mythology: retold – first look at gameplay
posted by yeebaagooon on june 14th, 2024 @ 09:09 a.m.
there’s a lot of retold news this week!may i draw our attention to the following xbox showcase deep dive video that features the first looks at ingame gameplay for aom: retold as well as ongoing interviews and narrations.the gameplay is taken from the original game campaign scenario: isis, hear my plea.the video also has some comparisons of myth units, animals and landscapes from the original game and how they will look in retold.view the full video here:
permalink | comments [3]


age of mythology: retold – release date confirmed
posted by yeebaagooon on june 09th, 2024 @ 12:47 p.m.
rejoice!age of mythology: retoldrelease date: 4th of september 2024price: $42.49 | £22.49 | €29.99pre-orderthis just came from the xbox showcase where we have been treated to another showcase trailer.this trailer is a bit more lengthy and for the first time features some video of the actual game!view the video trailer:the game is now available for pre-order. good news is that if you already have ee you will get a 15% discount.here’s a rundown of some new features of the game:the chinese civilisation from totd has been confirmed to not be present in the release. it looks to be remade completely in a future expansion pack.there will be a new civilisation dlc pack.with the game release comes a new major norse god – freyr.premium edition appears to grant players access to freyr and a one week early access look at the game.
permalink | comments [9]


age of mythology: retold – loki and poseidon artwork
posted by yeebaagooon on march 02nd, 2024 @ 4:18 p.m.
i’ve managed to find some new images from retold! these include the official large portraits for the god loki and poseidon. click them to see in full glory.    what do we think?
permalink | comments [5]










warning: content distribution is prohibited
			copyright © 2001–2025 heavengames llc. all rights reserved. heavengames llc.  the graphical images and content enclosed with this document are viewable for private use only.  all other rights-including, but not limited to, distribution, duplication, and publish by any means -
			are retained by heavengames llc.  federal law provides criminal and civil penalties for those found
			to be in violation.  in addition, please read our disclaimer & privacy statement.
age of mythology™ is a game by ensemble studios / microsoft.









forums

forum home
news
general & strategy
tech help & bugs
scen. design
ai, rms and modding
community forum
site feedback

heavengames

main portal
age of empires
age of empires 3
age of kings
age of mythology
age of wonders
age of wonders 2
battle for middle earth 2
caesar 3
caesar 4
children of the nile
emperor:rotmk
empire at war
empire earth
empire: total war
empires: dotmw
medieval 2: total war
napoleon: total war
pharaoh
rise & fall:caw
rise of legends
rise of nations
rome: total war
stronghold
stronghold 2
sw:galactic battlegrounds
total war: shogun 2
zeus













