




 free trial and consultation - online e-commerce web site store builder for $19.95/month with live support. - instantecom. 





  





home
site samples
benefits
pricing
support



























support options:1. check the knowledge base.
2. call 512-942-7738 with questions.

(11-5 cst mon-thur)

3. for technical problems, open a support ticket.

4. for billing call 866-903-3663.
as astonishing as this sounds, in less than 5 minutes you can have a website for your business live on the internet.
                  
the amazing instantecom technology enables you to quickly build your own professional website, complete with email, pictures, newsletters and much, much more in just a few short minutes.
click here to try instantecom now free for 10-days. 

are you looking to improve your search engine rankings? check out our new seo information page!



no programming and design skills required!
the instantecom website builder is easy to use and comes loaded with features:





blog! *new*



photo albums 



shopping cart



calendar



online forms



message board 



newsletter



customizable templates





downloadable products



daily data backups



email



authorize.net integration 



free online support 



paypal integration 



secure server + certificate 



+ many more! 




all instantecom hosting customers will also receive discounted merchant accounts from millenium bankcard that includes free setup on authorize.net gateway accounts. (note: some restrictions apply). 
try instantecom website builder now free for 10-days and see how easy it is to get your business online today!
 













"i never knew how easy it could be to get a website!”


 
darryl lavelle, aircraft mechanic 







“instantecom is so easy to use. i am not technical (yes i use email and search the web - but beyond that - nothing) and i was able to launch my website in a day and a half.”


 
desiree johnson, small business owner


 


 







get over $450 of bonus marketing tools when you sign up with instantecom. market your website with ease!

marketing and search engine optimization (seo) guides
$50 google adwords credit
$60 yahoo! search marketing credit
free ebay integration
access to all major search engine submission sites
access and discount on search engine submission tools like submitnet and hypersubmit 
and many more!





 




 















