ï»¿
web soil survey - home





























skip to page content










































 


you are here: web soil survey home
 

 

























search for keywords









national nrcs
all nrcs sites
nrcs, fsa & rd






























soils home





national cooperative soil survey (ncss)





archived soil surveys





status maps





official soil series descriptions (osd)





series extent explorer





geospatial data gateway





efotg





national soil characterization data





soil health





soil geography









 














 



web soil survey (wss) provides soil data and information produced by the national cooperative soil survey.
						it is operated by the usda natural resources conservation service (nrcs) and provides access to the largest natural resource information system in the world.
						nrcs has soil maps and data available online for more than 95 percent of the nation’s counties and anticipates having 100 percent in the near future.
						the site is updated and maintained online as the single authoritative source of soil survey information.
					  

 


					  soil surveys can be used for general farm, local, and wider area planning.
					  onsite investigation is needed in some cases, such as 
					  
						soil quality assessments
					  
					  and certain conservation and engineering applications. for more detailed information,
					  contact your local usda service center at the following link: usda service center
					  or your nrcs state soil scientist at the following link: nrcs state soil scientist.
					  




































use the area of interest tab to define your area of interest.
            
             
            
                click or press the enter or spacebar key to view the larger image. 
                press the escape key to close.
            
























click the soil map tab to view or print a soil map, and detailed descriptions of the soils in your area of interest.
            
             
            
                click or press the enter or spacebar key to view the larger image.
                press the escape key to close.
            
























click the soil data explorer tab to access soil data for your area and determine the suitability of the soils for a particular use.
			the items you want saved in a report can be added to your shopping cart.
            
             
            
                click or press the enter or spacebar key to view the larger image.
                press the escape key to close.
            
























use the shopping cart tab to get your custom printable report immediately, or download it later.
            
             
            
                click or press the enter or spacebar key to view the larger image.
                press the escape key to close.
            








 










 


start web soil survey (wss)

 


 




know web soil survey requirements

 


 




know web soil survey operation hours

 


 


find what areas of the u.s. have soil data

 


 





find information by topic

 


 



know how to hyperlink from other documents to web soil survey

 


 



know the ssurgo data structure

 


 





use web soil survey on a mobile device

 





 






 



web soil survey 3.4.0 has been released! view web soil survey release history

 


 


sign up for e-mail updates via govdelivery

 













 




getting started with web soil survey


 






 




how to use web soil survey online help

 


 




known problems and workarounds

 


 




frequently asked questions

 


 




citing web soil survey as a source of soils data

 



















 
 














 
 







nrcs home
 | 
usda
 | 
nrcs soils
 | 
foia
 | 

accessibility statement
 | 
privacy policy
 | 
non-discrimination statement
 | 

information quality
 | 
usa.gov
 | 
white house






