


heathcote&co - helping you create your perfect event






























































skip links

skip to navigation
skip to content







like us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter 











menu




get in touch




enter keyword


search








events

christmas
weddings
private events
corporate events
festivals
graduations


managed venues

salford community stadium
bolesworth castle
escapade events


about us

our story
our suppliers
gallery


work with us
news
get in touch
 














fanatical about food






scroll down





we can help you create your perfect event
feeling indecisive about those crucial decisions? meat or fish, two courses or three, champagne reception or cocktails and canapés? heathcote & co work with you to create a conceptual and unique catering experience with menus carefully curated showcasing the finest local produce, making your event or special occasion as unforgettable and seamless as possible.








private events

read more







corporate

read more







festivals

read more







weddings

read more







view events








who we've worked with
here are just a few clients we’ve worked with…




































a bit of inspiration for you...







award winning team members
added: 2nd oct 2024
at heathcote & co we are super proud of our team and every given opportunity we like to shout about...... read more >





memorable evening with superstars of the future
added: 24th sep 2024
the heathcote & co team were honoured to be asked to support the vault, preston youth zone in partnership with...... read more >





autumn wedding fair
added: 26th jul 2024
join us and +60 friendly regional exhibitors on sunday 27th october, 11am – 3.30pm. free entry & parking brida... read more >




view more

















and a little bit more about heathcote&co 



 it does not matter if its a glitzy champagne popping dinner or a light bite lunch with your work mates, what matters is that it matters.hey and it is important to us as well! we work the small stuff as well as the big stuff. we like good people and we like good food. we are experienced, proud and passionate.you should expect a great event because we know that this is what everyone wants. we are 34 years young and getting younger. 






read more











  




















we can help you create your perfect event 



feeling indecisive about those crucial decisions? meat or fish, two courses or three, champagne reception, cocktail, canapés and street food? heathcote & co work with you to create a conceptual and unique catering experience with menus carefully curated showcasing the finest local produce, making your event or special occasion as unforgettable and seamless as possible..contact us 














follow us

like us on facebook follow us on twitter follow us on instagram connect with us on linkedin 


telephone01617861570 addressc/o 1 stadium way, eccles, manchester, m30 7ey  emailsales@heathcoteandco.com  

home
events
managed venues
about us
work with us
news
 







© heathcote and co 2025 | all rights reserved | terms & conditions
privacy policy

web design by seobusiness































































