









mixed media from jeri holt's with digital eyes studio






























































 






















jeri holt



mixed media from with digital eyes studio






home
art shop

mixed media & metal
prints
functional art
cart
checkout


art & artist

artist’s statement
the process
putting it together
resin process


customer comments
schedule
press | media
for designers
 









 





wow your space with mixed media…


these original mixed media images are a mix of traditional and digital elements sculpted in light. the images in this collection illustrate the complexity and fluid movement of life.  i feel that creating my art is like jazz; it has an underlying unity with infinite variety and possibilities.

as a mixed-media printmaker, i am always exploring new methods of creating outside of the computer. i am currently working with metal and combining prints of digital imagery with traditional painting. please visit the mixed media collection to the left for a sampling.
uterine fibroids can be treated india cialis amerikabulteni.com with both medications and surgery. the fda also has approved the use canadian levitra online  of it safely. as the patent protection act made restricted to produce that medicine and the monopoly of their costly marker price, medical generic viagra woman  science has invented a nice solution of all that. your associate  sale of viagra will enjoy your effort and improve your bedroom maneuvers as soon as again. 
i’m never satisfied with an image until i set back and say “wow! that’s gorgeous! i love it!” i hope that you’ll feel the same.
to energize or beautify your home or office, these pieces, mixed media or paper or canvas prints, will make a statement! colors are vivid and enticing; shapes are intriguing and delightful. whether your taste runs to totally abstract or reality, there is something in this collection to meet your needs.

share this:click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to share on google+ (opens in new window)click to share on pinterest (opens in new window)click to share on linkedin (opens in new window) 


 












collectionsfunctional art
mixed media & metal
metal transfers 
no longer available


wood transfers 
faerie blocks


woven wall tapastries


prints
abstract
contemporary
landscapes
spiritual paths


uncategorized
galleriesl’attitude art & sculpture gallery | boston, ma
ellen robinson designs | new york, ny
designs for tranquility | frenchtown nj
what is . . .digital art?
what do digital artists do?
digital art prints?
original digital print?
giclee vs original?
limited edition?
 





           

join our newsletter list

imperfectly human
mixed media pieces are done by hand in the studio by the artist. jeri strongly believes that humanity in art is important and that working with acrylic resin can remove the human element.  resin looks like glass and can be flawless, but jeri feels this gives it a mechanical, manufactured feel.  she likes to get her hands into the resin and create bubbles and use specially developed textured treatments which give her art the "imperfections" which are perfectly human.
as an example, detail of textured resin around one of the fish in "fishy". 




  
 




contact studio
privacy policy
terms and conditions
 site designed and maintained by holt digital designs





what is . . .digital art?
what do digital artists do?
digital art prints?
original digital print?
giclee vs original?
limited edition?





decorating with colorcolor terms
colors in art







 |   
	
	 */

		

































