



florida hair extensions

















history
great lengths
methods
before & after
contact





official sponsor of
           miss florida usa & miss florida teen usa
 natalie dyson not only the best, but has a big heart. i used to use those clip ons which were great for a quick run but always ended up sliding off or uncomfortable. i didn't want to deal with those in my lifestyle.  
and those sew in tracks are horrible, talk about headaches and itching! natalie dyson from florida hair extensions is amazingly good at her job.   i met her prior to the process and we chit chatted on what she does.   great lengths hair is amazingly soft and natural. virtually no damage to   your own hair because it's fused with keratin protein hairs, skin, and   nails natural structural protein.
  my goodness this is like discovering the fountain of youth for your hair. i have done so many treatments, cuts, colors, brazilian blow out,   etc....just to find the result were very temporary and never achieved what i wanted.
  now with my new extensions from great lengths and natalie's follow up, i cannot hear it enough, "you have amazing hair." "so healthy looking."   "you really take care of it, don't you?'....it goes on and on. no lie.  you can look at my pictures and see for yourself.
  natalie dyson from "florida hair extensions" is passionate about her career and very knowledgeable about her products. she specializes in   great lengths hair extensions because she enjoys giving you beautiful   long, healthy looking hair.
  i'm glad that i have the opportunity to meet her and be her client. she is a wonderful sponsor for the miss florida usa family, which i am very thankful for.
  
  thank you natalie,
  
  love you
  
  lissette garcia, miss florida usa 2011


 best hair extensions around !!!. "florida hair extensions" is the absolute best!!!!!!!!!!  great lengths hair extentions made my hair long and luxurious with lots of volume and body.  it's easy to maintain and lasts for months and always looks naturally beautiful. natalie dyson is the ultimate personal stylist. 
my hair color, texture, and cut were the perfect match and i receive compliments everywhere i go. 
the best part is my natural hair is healthier, thicker and longer with a no damage or hair loss, unlike   other extension processes.  great location and comfortable enviroment!! i   drive all the way from jacksonville and it is completely worth it! 

            i love great lengths and natalie!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

            mikyle crockett, miss florida teen usa 2011






i have always wanted to get hair extensions, but i could not get past all the horror stories.   friends of mine have had the clip-ins, the metal clasps, and other things that ended up ripping out their hair. i naturally had nice hair,   but i wanted it to be thicker. two years ago my friend had "florida hair extensions" put great lengths in her hair and it was remarkable seeing the difference. her hair was at least 6 inches   longer, thick, and you could not tell where the real hair ended and the   new hair began.

when i wonmiss florida usa2010, i contacted "florida hair extensions" immediately and said i have to have great lengths hair extensions. natalie dyson   was incredibly thorough in explaining the procedure to put them in and   take them out as well as daily maintenance. once i met with her, i felt   very comfortable. she was so knowledgeable and so sweet that i was no   longer worried about the possibility of damaging my natural hair. natalie was able to order the great lengths hair and 24 hours later it was being bonded into my hair.


i have now had them in for 2 months and i am amazed   at the non-stop compliments. it is crazy that people i see everyday   comment on my hair asking, "did you style it different?" or saying,   "your hair looks gorgeous, what did you do differently. everyone was   shocked when i told them i got great lengths   because it looked so natural. having these hair extensions makes me   feel more confident in my day to day life. i find that i less often look   for reflections of myself to check out my hair. the best part is that   since it is real human hair, when my hair becomes wavy due to the   florida heat so do the extensions. no matter what, you can never tell which strand of hair is yours and which is not. i absolutely love my hair extensions!
megan clementi, miss florida usa 2010


my experience with natalie dyson of "florida hair extensions" was like none other. before i had extensions, i always dreamed of having long, perfect, thick hair and my dream came true. her work and style is   amazing! she always does her best and gives her all in all that she   does. she always made me feel beautiful and confident and i will always   thank her for that! natalie dyson is truly one of a kind.

great lengths hair extensions are the best extensions i've ever used!   the way they match with your hair is insane. not only are they easy to   take care of but they're so easy to wash, style, and have fun with. the   quality is perfect and never feels damaged. it's been soft since day one. i highly recommend great lengths extensions to everyone. you'll   never go back to your old extensions!

sydney martinez, miss florida teen usa 2012

hair extensions do you ever wonder how celebrities change their hairstyles so frequently?  the answer:  hair extensions!  until recently, hair extensions were a trade secret of stylists everywhere.  today, hair extensions are more affordable and hair friendly which means that you don't have to be a celebrity to have a great hairstyle.  for years celebrities have relied upon their stylists to add length, fullness, body and even highlight using hair extensions.  these days more than ever, women everywhere are taking advantage of the flexibility that hair extensions bring to their personal sense of style.  hair extensions are the latest fashion accessory!

extensions promote variety there are a number of varieties of hair extensions.  like a traditional wig, hair extensions come in both natural human hair and synthetic form.  unlike traditional hair extensions, which had to be sewn in to your natural hair, great hair extensions uses a fusion method to attach the extension to your hair at a molecular level making many of today's hair extensions are much more "hair friendly."          




boynton beach:  954-981-2737
          









great lengths' hair extensions
great lengths' philosophy is to remedy the lack of thick hair in a way which is as simple as dyeing it if you want to change its color. considering the fact that people who do not have a lot of hair generally have very fine hair at the same time, the great lengths'
                human hair extensions 
 program offers various thicknesses of natural hair strands for attaching to fine hair which can be attached in a practically invisible way.
            don't delay; your new life is just a phone call away!


florida hair extensions
ultra sonic 5000 
cold fusion
great lengths human hair extensions
for more info call now!
954-981-2737





we are on the cutting edge ofhuman hair extension technology
get the hair you always wanted in hours not years with great lengths hair extensions
get great lengths certified click here

servicing all of south florida




history | great lengths | methods |  before & after | contact


