








vietnam - vietnam vets - vietnam reunions - vietnam stories




pornrip.cc
1siterip.com
incestgames.net
vietnam
memories
of the war in vietnam.  from the 
delta to the dmz.

 

 




















here you will find memories of the 
war in vietnam brought to you by a veteran of that war.  
thank you for visiting. 
please remember the lost and missing 
soldiers and sailors of the vietnam war.
here we seek to tell the story of the 
war from all perspectives.  we welcome pictures and stories and poems.  
this page is about you the veterans of vietnam, and i need your help to tell 
this story to a whole generation.  the war in vietnam was criticized 
widely, yet we face the same problems today.  those who fight in battle do 
so at the risk of losing their own lives and the ones that they hold dear.  
that old axiom of war has changed little in thousands of years.
this site is about veterans of the
vietnam war.  it's intent, though, is to relate the war to those who never
served.  we need to understand what has happened in our history. knowledge
of the past is the most important thing of all.  without knowing what has
gone before, we will continue to make the same mistakes again.
vets, i need your help to tell that
story.


 
links
stories
poems



pictures
sounds
reunions
px


grass 
    roots america

songs

ww ii navy website link - 
    excellent site by tony 
    potochniak

    tributes to our veterans
soldierworks.com

xxxhub.cc
 

we will never forget this day,
nor the souls lost at the hands of our enemies.
it is we the people of the united states
that defy them, and we stand united.
god bless america 

of blood and 
sand

a visit to omaha beach
by a vietnam vet

april, 2005



click on the picture to watch the 
video
this video is 
available for sale on dvd.  click here 
if interested
more of this kind of 
content is available for free at 
soldierworks.com


 

use the guest book to post notices 
for veterans you are looking for.  see the links page to visit viet nam 
related sites.  enjoy the stories, poems, pictures, sounds, and reunion 
announcements.
this site was established to remember
the labors and sacrifices made by our veterans in vietnam.  contributions
of pictures, sounds, poems and stories will be published here at the discretion
of the webmaster.  all content that is published will be credited to the
contributor.  while there is no compensation for content that is published,
your contribution will be available for viewing by the entire world. 
submission of copyrighted materials to this site constitutes an approval of the
copyright owner to publish that content on this website.  copyright of
published contributions remains with the contributor, and is their sole
property.
submit contributions or comments to:





webmaster@vietmemories.com






 

veteran authors
have you self published or are you self publishing your war stories, war 
poems, or war pictures?  are you struggling with marketing your work?  
help is on the way.  this vietnam veteran has created a website to meet 
your needs.  advertising on the world wide web for next to nothing. 
soldier works
is ready to lend a hand.
 

you are visitor: 
 




the board of “the vietnam experience” 
has selected the “vietnam 
memories” 
website for the writing & poetry 
website award. go to this link for details on how this site was selected.
www.vietnamexp.com/awards/awards2.htm

   the spiritual warrior award


this website has been chosen to 
receive the spiritual warrior award 
from 


lz angel
 
copyright 2001 - 2006, william
n. janes, sr.
all rights reserved
 


