


what does the bible say - biblical spiritual truth

















 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 












the 
              bible explains the bible
the 
              bible only
how do i come to god?
a picture of salvation
 accepting jesus christ?
eternal salvation
salvation -- an inheritance 
baptism
speaking in tongues
fruits of righteousness
notes on prayer~worship~service
baptism 
              of fire
notes on trouble for the believer
on 
              ezekiel 18:24

the events of the end 

israel (the biblical view) 

notes on rev 20
            (especially the 1,000 years) 

god loves you

contact

recommendation: when installing bible software, 
              download only the bible and strong's dictionary. ignore the additional 
              resources, because they are only a distraction from the living word 
              of god.

            audio bible online
e-sword 
			  software for pc users only

bible hub

blue letter bible



  





i want to share some things with you that i have 
              found to be
truly awesome
the 
              first thing, i guess, is that i personally have come to know that 
              there is really no greater joy in life, than to have 
              the lord god as the object of all your desire; to have a will in your heart that is totally 
              given to him.  there is no feeling of joy or happiness greater 
              than this.  the bible tells me this is so, and in my life's 
              experience i have come to know it is true.  i hope you can 
              know this for yourself too, because when this love has touched your 
              life there isn't much that can shake you and nothing can take it 
              away from you.  the problem is, to have a will in your heart 
              given completely to god isn't something that we 
              can do . the bible says that true faith and believing is the gift of god, given to us solely 
              on the basis of his mercy.  when we realize our inability to 
              please him and to do the right thing, and acknowledge that there 
              is no way we can be worthy of him, then we can begin to know the 
              way he has provided for us. 
god 
                came to us in the person of his son jesus christ for the sole 
                purpose of enduring the wrath of god that is hanging over our heads because of our sins.  jesus 
                stood before god the father after taking all the sins of everyone 
                who would believe in him upon himself.  as he stood there, 
                god the father judged him, found him guilty with all of our sins, 
                and punished him, by pouring out his wrath upon him -- punishing 
                him for our sins.  because he was judged in our place, 
                god promises that all who come to him believing 
                in jesus and trusting in his work, will be received by 
                god and never have to be judged (because jesus was judged in their place already).  
                anyone who is trusting in their own work for salvation, 
                or who could care less about who jesus is and what he did, will 
                have to stand alone and be judged by god, on judgment day.  
                they will have to bear their own sins and be judged, and everyone 
                who is judged, will be found guilty 
                and 
                will have to bear the wrath of god's righteous indignation upon 
                themselves. since it is difficult for our minds to comprehend 
                how terrible this will be, god uses the picture of being burned 
                with fire eternally to help us understand.  here is another 
                way to look at it: 
god 
                is the source of all that is good .  everything good that we experience is 
                from him. in this life we experience good things and bad things, 
                but god did not create things to be this way.  he originally 
                created everything good.  in the garden of eden there was 
                no death, no sorrow, no pain.  god created man as the crown 
                of his creation and gave the earth to man.  when man turned 
                his back on god's love for him and sinned against him he, in effect, 
                separated himself from god, and all that belonged to him was also 
                separated from god.  man and the earth became separated from 
                god and his goodness.  when you don't have goodness what 
                do you have?  when you don't have light what do you have?  
                darkness, right?  so when goodness is absent you have badness, 
                or in other words, evil.  this is why we now experience good 
                and evil in this world.  it is only because god is 
                so perfectly good and kind and loving, that he did not allow us 
                to be completely separated from him in the beginning.  he 
                still blesses us with good things in this world, but since the 
                world has been separated from him it is now under a curse --there 
                is death, and pain, and sorrow; everything wears out and fades 
                away, nothing lasts, etc.  and in us there is also a curse 
                --we have a nature that is naturally sinful.  we are more 
                inclined to do evil than good.  and we have a natural  
                tendency to rebel and disbelieve in the god that created us and 
                loved us, than we are to love him back.  because of this, 
                we deserve god's hatred in return, not his love; we deserve his 
                wrath and because god is perfect in every way, this means that 
                he is perfectly just; and justice demands that crime (or sin) 
                be punished.  it is not right for wrongdoing to go unpunished.  
                god, in his perfect righteousness must punish sin. in fact, because 
                he is so perfectly good he has a perfect hatred for what is evil.  
                this may be hard for us to understand because we don't have a 
                perfect hatred for evil, we actually enjoy much of it, that is 
                why we sin.  but it is a good thing to hate what is bad, 
                isn't it? and god is perfectly good, so he has a perfect hatred 
                for what is evil.  the unfortunate truth is that we, in fact, 
                by nature, are evil.  and mankind became this way by separating 
                ourselves from him and in our fallen nature are continually trying 
                to separate ourselves further and further from him by seeking 
                to gratify our sinful desires.  for this, the lord will give 
                us what we want.  a place completely separated from him, 
                a place without him and without goodness; where no goodness will 
                exist; where only the wrath of god will be felt -- for an eternity.  
                a place the lord refers to as hell, a place we need to be saved 
                from. 
wonderfully, 
                god 
                has provided a way of escape .  because he himself is love, he 
                has made a way for us to be saved from the certain consequence 
                of eternal damnation.  as i mentioned before, that way is 
                through the person of the lord jesus christ who endured the wrath 
                of god so that all who believe in him would not have to.  
                and the lord promises that all who come to god trusting in jesus' 
                work for their salvation will receive the gift of the holy spirit, 
                who is god's very presence.  the lord refers to his holy spirit as the "deposit" 
                upon our soul, which is the guarantee that he will bring us to 
                be with him in heaven.   and this spirit of god dwelling within us will give us a 
                will and a desire to want to love god and do his will. the person who has the holy spirit seeks to please god, 
                not because they are trying to get to heaven, but because they 
                know they are going to heaven, and they want to thank god for 
                this truly awesome gift which they did not deserve.  they 
                know they are saved, simply because they believe, and because 
                they see in their heart that they have a will that wants to please 
                god (this is one evidence of the holy spirit within them).   
                they realize that god has had mercy upon them and has opened their 
                eyes to see and understand their need for jesus and that god has 
                saved them, by giving them the gift of faith.  in our sinful 
                nature we are not interested it truth, or god.  god the father 
                draws us to jesus christ by putting these desires into our hearts.  
                it is sometimes difficult to understand how god saves us, but 
                one thing we can understand more easily, is our need to be saved.  when we throw ourselves at 
                his mercy, recognizing our inability to save ourselves, he promises 
                to save us -- and as we walk with him, he promises to lead us 
                into understanding, and help us realize more and more the work 
                he has done, and the work he continues to do in us.  all 
                glory and praise and honor be to him. 
in 
              the light of all this information, a person might ask, "how do i come to god?"

                  
all 
                statements made here can be supported with the 
                bible. please feel free to request verses which pertain to specific 
                statements made. if you should have questions or comments about 
                what is said or have need for additional verses, you can e-mail 
                them by clicking here
(this 
                web site is continually under construction as new bible studies 
                are added. it is my hope that it 
                will also serve as a place for dialogue for those 
                sincerely seeking truth and understanding.   make your comments by clicking here

                  
grace 
                be with you and love from the one savior jesus christ.









