


solo pet doors








   solo pet doors


home  
features  
faq  
 shop   

pet doors

red magnetic tags
parts


parts for:
model 1008
model 1210
model 1510
model 1514
model 1812
model 2412
model 2014
model 2614
model 3014
model 3614















welcome to solo dog doors
first inventor of automatic pet doors
solo pet doors is your number one source for automated pet doors, supplying you with the highest quality, convenient, secure, and safe automated electronic pet doors made in usa.


shop automatic pet doors  shop magnetic pet tags shop parts 
shop parts by modeltoggle dropdown

select model:


model 1008
model 1210
model 1510
model 1514
model 1812
model 2412
model 2014
model 2614
model 3014
model 3614













manufacturers of the finest dog and cat doors in the world!

our automatic pet doors are triggered by a magnetic pet tag that does not need batteries. the pet tags will last forever, unless your dog loses the collar or chews off the tag!

solo provides super large doors for the yukon husky!

we ship our pet doors to canada and the us.







 
click through the images for each type of install using the arrows.
 













previousnext

door installation
our pet doors can be installed on a human door, french doors, and custom doors.

 















previousnext

wall installations
our pet doors can be mounted easily between the framing studs of outside walls. the width can be adapted for thinner or thicker walls.
 













previousnext

sliding patio doors
our doors are available in different styles of sliding glass door inserts from door and wall mounts. simple to install!
 






















previousnext

custom door installs
use your imagination for your custom door installation. here are some examples of unique installation ideas.
 






 




  piece of mind



the solo automatic pet door opens when your dog or cat approaches, then closes after it has passed through.

distance settings are adjustable
timing settings are adjustable
only pets with a tag can activate the door
pets with no tag remain inside
on/off switch or locking pin to keep door closed

with a solo pet door, you no longer have to replace your door every few years. if a part breaks or wears out, you simply order that part by itself and install it easily. as a result, many of our customers have owned their doors for more than 15 years.






  magnetic pet tags

magnetic pet tags: the durable tinted lexan© door slides open and closed via a collar tag. the pet door automatically locks securely; therefore, you can be absent and not have to worry about your pet or home security.

the magnetic pet tags last forever (unless your pet chews it off the collar). the pet tags do not require batteries so your pet will never get stuck and unable to use the door. the tags are waterproof and operate magnetically.

our tags come in 5 sizes to accomodate all pets.



tiny: e.g., toy/miniature
small: e.g., cat/chihuahua
medium: e.g., beagle/cocker spaniel
large: e.g., labrador/standard poodle
extra large: e.g., mastiff/rottweiler/great dane

shop red pet tags






  proper size selection for your pet



we have designed and crafted our solo automatic pet doors to fit any dog or cat, with the pet’s safety and comfort always in mind.

a good way to determine the proper opening size is to measure your dog’s or cat’s height and width, then use a cardboard cutout to simulate an actual door. in addition, putting a treat on the other side of the “door” will provide incentive for your pet to pass through the opening.

once you get your measurements, select a size slightly larger from one of our ten sizes. you want it slightly larger rather than smaller because your pet may become less agile as they age.
 

important – overall door dimensions:
the overall height of the door is over twice as high as the pet opening (as shown)
the pet door frame is 4" thick
dog door will protrude when installed on human door
carefully measure for installations below a window








  easy to install & built to last



customers have owned our dog doors for 15 years or more and replaced only parts occasionally, due to the fact that the solid aluminum frame is permanently installed in either a wall or a human door (your choice).

we have provided a detailed diagram that shows every part, where it belongs, and its proper nomenclature, so that makes it a cinch to find and order the exact item.
 

easy installation
easily mount in a wall or human door
can be adapted to fit any size exterior wall
use 6-foot extension cord or hard-wire into wall
can be installed by the homeowner, a handyman or contractor
on/off switch to keep door closed
use a smart plug to lock remotely








  sizes to fit all pets


we have designed and crafted our solo automatic pet doors to fit any dog or cat, with the pet’s safety and comfort always in mind.

we offer ten door sizes to fit all dogs and cats, from minitature/toy size pets to the largest great danes.






  optional intruder alarm

optional intruder alarm* provides added security.
once installed, if the door remains open for more than 12 seconds, an alarm will sound for approximately 60 seconds. in addition, it will shut off and automatically reset itself. as a result, you don’t even have to be home to monitor it.

*intruder alarm is available only at the time of purchase.  (not available on model 1008 or model 1210)



 









solo pet doors
solo automatic pet doors are produced in california by the original inventor, who holds patents on the internal mechanisms that set us apart from all others.



products
order door
 order parts
order tags



contact
   info@solopetdoors.com
  (949) 646-4404
  pst 9-5







© copyright: solo pet doors


