

star edwards - celtic harp music







 




star with her 
        classical lever harp


star 
        edwards
        celtic harp music


star with her 
        electric harpsicle harp
 




star with her celtic harp



 

 




menu
media * weddings 
          * gigs * cds 
          * music books 
          * lessons * 
          demos * photos 
          * practitioner
reviews * testimonials 
          * bio * links 
          * dream work 
          * jewelry
* art 
          books * home 

          get in touch: starharp@comcast.net





© 
        2025 star edwards and enoch productions - denver, co. usa. all rights 
        reserved.









 
 





join star for 
              her read music now! class
              at swallow hill music school

https://swallowhillmusic.configio.com/pd/5174/read-music-now

learn how to read music notation! this is a revolutionary 
              method that reads the pattern rather than individual notes. star 
              says "its fast and fabulous"!
prerequisites: open to all musicians, instrumentalists, 
              and singers. please bring your instrument with you.
student testimonial:"learning to read music 
              is empowering, though it can be intimidating. previous to taking 
              this seminar, i avoided looking at music notes in real-time, and 
              just wrote out the letter names on top whenever i had to read music. 
              this one seminar helped build my confidence to read music in real-time 
              and with almost no trouble at all using a simple methodology/trick. 
              this seminar is highly recommended as you definitely can do this 
              too!!"
2025 
              gigs


              2-3-25
              seniors dream group
              17th ave + steele st, denver
2-14-25
              valentine dinner
              5 to 8 pm
              valley country club
              14601 country club dr.
              aurora

              2-15-25
              private wedding
3-1-25
swallow 
              hill music school teacher feature
              71 e yale, denver
              8 to 10 pm
              $25
previous 
              teacher feature video

              4-4-25
              private wedding 
 




click 
              here for
              harp classes and workshops


private 
              music lessons online
click 
              for more info

hello 
              harpers! keep safe during these uncertain times and keep filling 
              hearts and the airwaves with music! available for online lessons 
              using skype or zoom. peace






              releases from
              star edwards and mel bay publishing








more 
              info here


available 
              now! 



click 
              her to order
this 
              bbc series is set in the 18th century quaint village of cranford, 
              in the county of cheshire in north west england. the traditional 
              way of life moves towards uncomfortable changes as signs of progress 
              intrude on daily life. cranford is delightfully filled with classic 
              town characters with the gossip, the snob, the meek and humble, 
              rigid spinsters, the separation of classes, the soft and accommodating, 
              the would be creative, the learned and unlearned, the desperate 
              looking for husbands, the trickster and handsome healer. the warmth 
              and real concerns of the authentic setting in cranford are enduring 
              and speak of timeless themes for our modern day where most troubles 
              can be resolved over a nice hot cup of tea.

              celtic harp solo and harp and cello duet arrangements
              the songs are arranged in the key of g with 2 accidentals - lever 
              flips. the lowest note is g, (1 1/2 octave below middle c). intermediate 
              arrangement. 






              releases from star edwards






more 
              info here

more 
              info here







© mel bay publications, inc.
free 
          harp and hand position chart





on 
                amazon



 
 
 
 








welcome to star edwards celtic 
                harp music
 
star 
                edwards is a multi-faceted performer from concert venues to background 
                ambiance, mel bay music publications author and swallow hill music 
                school harp teacher. she is at home delivering historical musical 
                presentations for groups of 30 to 500 people. 
for 
                weddings, or special events that require a professional, artistic 
                touch, nothing says elegance and ambiance more than harp music! 
                performing an expansive repertoire: classical, pop, swing/blues, 
                renaissance, medieval, south american, folk, celtic, movie tunes, 
                multi-cultural, broadway standards, holiday, disney, operatic 
                and oldies.
star 
                feels equally comfortable playing rock n roll tunes from van morrison, 
                leon russell, elton john, paul simon, sting, beatles, carol king, 
                ed sheeran, john legend, lady gaga, andrea bocelli, bruno mars, 
                adele and more!
she 
                delivers an entertaining performance that brings magical cultural 
                connections with heart felt stories and humorous observations 
                of life. her playing is steeped in the mythology of harp from 
                the celtic cultures recalling the ancient voice of her heritage. 
                a truly contemporary interpretation speaks through her own finely 
                crafted original songs.
a versatile 
                musician, equally comfortable on the stage of the paramount theater 
                playing for 2000 people or playing for an intimate romantic dinner 
                for two. star is flexible and able to think on her feet at times 
                where events experience a glitch in plans.
music 
                that blends the rhythm of the heart with the spirit of the world.


 
"i 
                booked star to perform at my wedding ceremony on august 24, 2024, 
                and i couldn't have been happier with her performance. she played 
                every song on my list beautifully and was incredibly accommodating 
                with both my timeline and budget. i highly recommend star for 
                any up coming event!"
                md sept 2024

                "i enjoyed working with star for my daughter's recent wedding 
                in the denver, co area. communication was efficient, star made 
                some very helpful recommendations for music for our event and 
                was open to our requests and suggestions. she arrived on time 
                and played beautifully! i highly recommend star for any event 
                you'd like to elevate with beautiful harp music! star helped make 
                my daughter's wedding day dreams a reality! thanks star!!!!"
                la, may 2024

                "the performance that star displayed at my wedding, was truly 
                amazing and stress free. i didn’t have to worry about making 
                additional arrangements on my wedding day. she showed up and performed 
                so wonderfully that all i had left to do was to enjoy the magical 
                harp music as the bride (myself) was walking in and as well as 
                the rest of the bridal party. everything was smooth and professional. 
                thank you star for making my day special and spectacular."
                es march 2024
 

"whether 
                solo or trio, background for a reception or as a featured headliner, 
                count on her audience thrilling artistry and consummate professionalism" 
                -- jim schwartzkopff, venture west talent agency
"when 
                listening to star edwards' recent harp recordings, her talent 
                is abundantly clear. i am especially impressed not only by her 
                technical proficiency but also with the musicality with which 
                everything is performed. star's arrangements have a pleasant upbeat 
                character reminiscent of traditional folk harp tunes, some of 
                which are complimented by guitar, koto and drums. whether in live 
                performance or on cd, everyone should check out her work." 
                -- dr. ted nichelson, pedal harpist

                "star's music represents the finest of her genre, evocative 
                and powerful yet with a lightness of spirit and touch. listen 
                closely and let the music take you where it will." -- don 
                slepian, host of artmusiccoffeehouse.com

                "when the din of the drum sets of rock bands, the chant of 
                the pipes, and the silvery sounds of ballad singers find some 
                distance, my favorite moment of any irish festival has been to 
                sit in the shade and hear star edwards play the harp ... not simply 
                to play it, but to play it in that way that made it the national 
                symbol of ireland. and it is, and her music is, irish like nothing 
                else." -- brian clancy, irishrow.com









click 
                      on the picture to see star's most recent video:




                      https://youtu.be/bsqnsqu8wdc
star 
                      edwards on the celtic harp at the scottish fiddle club may 
                      21st, 2023, featuring soquell on fiddle
                      and sequoia on cello performing the brave heart theme song. 
                      this arrangemet is available at www.starharp.com








the 
                    name of this harp is golden gaia. its shape 
                    lends itself well to be a double harp, diatonic, with middle 
                    c in the center of the harp. on each side of middle c, is 
                    the same configuration of strings. its sweet celestial sound 
                    is unique and bell like. the sides have a wood burning design 
                    of the ouroborus.

                    i designed this harp based on my dream and eventually had 
                    it created for me by wire harp maker, alex golden. 














                    available for presentation engagements 
irish 
                      harp history and song - travel the path of long ago 
                      when irish bards held the keys to irish history through 
                      their wit of storytelling. learn how the harp came to ireland 
                      and the influence of italian music on a most famous 17th 
                      century harper composer and more!
how 
                      dream changed history - presenting original music celebrating 
                      historical dreams that changed history including dreams 
                      from einstein, st. patrick, kekule, g.w. bush, jefferson 
                      and adams, larry page, constantine, hitler, otto loewi, 
                      louis agassiz, madame walker, mary shelley, john lennon, 
                      elias howe, neils bohr, abraham lincoln, stephanie meyer 
                      (twilight), general patton, and many more!
the 
                      dreams behind the music - presenting the music and amazing 
                      dreams which resulted in wildly popular songs from music 
                      legends such as billy joel, paul simon, rolling stones, 
                      jimi hendrix, beach boys, pharrell williams, taylor swift, 
                      ll cool j, bruce springsteen, van morrison, david bowie, 
                      johnny cash, george frederic handel, beethoven and more!
dreams 
                      and our final transition - presenting dreams and tools 
                      to allay anxiousness surrounding this natural life transition 
                      for patients and families using dream re-entry, dream transfers, 
                      dream rehearsals and active imagination. presenting several 
                      actual dreams of patients in hospice resulting in a welcoming 
                      connection to our deepest longing for resolution, hope and 
                      peace.





faces of swallow 
                      hill: star edwards



                      click here to watch my video on youtube
carolan's welcome
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee14b2aqxg8









click 
                    for video lesson

learn 
                  cutting edge techniques for reading notes, based on predictable, 
                  logical patterns in music. this technique gets you past reading 
                  each note and seeing the bigger picture of the music. includes 
                  reading ledger lines!

from workshop participants:

                  "i am so excited to be able to read music so quickly!"

                  “your class opened up a whole new world and confidence 
                  when it comes to reading notes. i don't even write the note 
                  names in under my music any more!!! “










access 
                to music sets kids and adults up for success. music education 
                builds vocabulary, strengthens social skills, promotes literacy, 
                enhances creative thinking.




click 
                      here for lessons q&a
hand 
                      and sitting position at the harp
                      the parts of the harp
                      music language basics
                      music notation
                      neighbor notes and every other notes
                      placing and brackets
                      tuning the harp
                      two hand coordination
                      how to change keys using levers
                      stretching
                      avoiding injury
                      note reading tips
                      practicing




click 
                      to hear star perform at a swallow hill music association 
                      event
                      at the denver botanical gardens

























menu
media * 
                      weddings 
                      * gigs * 
                      cds * music 
                      books * lessons 
                      * demos 
                      * photos 
                      * practitioner
reviews 
                      * testimonials 
                      * bio * links 
                      * dream 
                      work * jewelry
* art 
                      books * home


                      get in touch: starharp@comcast.net





© 
                    2025 star edwards and enoch productions - denver, co. usa. 
                    all rights reserved.















don't 
              forget to check out star's jewelry pages while you're visiting



 




 


unique 
                  visitor number

                  thanks for stopping by!

counter 
                  courtesy of








 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






