







the depot lodge










































































































            lodging
          

            information
          

            things to do
          

            contact
          



        make a reservation
      







































































lodginginformationthings to docontact











make a reservation









scroll






 

in the mountains of virginia, discover adventure & enjoy old-fashioned hospitality ina land that time (almost) forgot

  









welcome to the depot lodge!the train depot dates back to 1909, when paint bank was the final stop of the potts valley branch line of the norfolk & western railway. this expansion was part of the mining boom of the early 1900’s. the depot and our other historic buildings have been renovated and converted into charming lodging, while maintaining much of the original architecture.



ready to come stay with us?

 

make a reservation at any one of our gorgeous lodging areas.

 


    make a reservation
  





































































































visit our other unique sightslooking for a unique dining experience or to shop at an old fashioned general store? paint bank offers many attractions including hunting and fishing at potts creek outfitters. come see us!










































home banner



welcome



home gallery



paint bank attractions










ready to book your trip?make your next destination to paint bank, va to see the best that the mountains of virginia and west virginia have to offer.




    make a reservation
  






















 



the depot lodge
virginia 311,
paint bank, va, 24131,
united states
(540) 897-6000
info@depotlodge.com


hours




about paint bank, vaset off on your expedition from the sleepy mountain hamlet of paint bank and the rustic comforts of the depot lodge. potts creek outfitters offers sportsmen private vacation packages on hundreds of acres of private land, including whitetail bow hunting, eastern gobbler hunting with a shotgun or bow, fly fishing for rainbow trout, and float trips on the greenbrier river.





© 2024 the depot lodge. all rights reserved. site by knapsack

 







