









sittler golf | golf digest top 100 clubfitter | sinking spring, pa - home









































 






home    location    contact



  home     awards     directions & hours


 contact us          

 







 



facilities
award-winning top 100 golf shopdriving rangeshort game facilityperformance studiotoptracerpremier golf simulatorsminiature golf courseservices
custom club fittingscustom club fitting faq'spga golf instructionadult group programsadult group registrationsjunior golf individual packagesjunior golf winter first tee programstry before you buyclub repair & regrippingtrade-in programevents
demo daysspecials
join our email / reward clubssocial media stream specialsbuy gift cards onlineconnect
awards & accoladeslatest news & eventscustomer testimonialscontact, hours & directions 















 
slide 1welcome tosittler golfamerica's top 100 golf shop • golf digest 100 best club fittergolf shopclub fitting 






































































in the news







                                                    try before you buy!                        
                        
                    
we carry every major manufacturer's club fitting carts plus extensive demo equipment. try before you buy!






                                                    gift cards fit every golfer!                        
                        
                    
give the gift that let's them choose!gift cards are perfect for all golfers and family fun!
purchase gift cards here






                                                    driving range, grass tees                        
                        
                    
sittler golf has a 20 station premier grass tee driving range, an additional 25 stations of all-weather matted teeing areas, and 20 unsheltered matted teeing areas. plus a great short game practice area coming soon.
learn more here






                                                    #1 yet again!                        
                        
                    
sittler golf is the the #1 public golf shop in america!
5-time pga national & regional "merchandiser of the year" winner!






                                                    key fitting advantage                        
                        
                    
sittler golf is the only "best 100 club fitter in pa" where you can see ball flight!
click here for club fitting information



















sittler golf 
established in 1993, sittler golf has gained the reputation of being a world-class golf learning center & club fitting facility. the winner of several prestigious local & national awards, our professional staff is committed to taking your game to the next level considering the 3 most important and achievable goals: cutting-edge equipment, proper club fitting & analysis, and a thorough understanding of playing the game of golf with respect to your own limits and abilities. mastery of such allows our clients to achieve their maximum potential. 










#sittlergolf





custom club fitting

thousands of golfers from the tri-state area & beyond frequent sg to be custom fit for their golf equipment!
click here






driving range

grass tees & 35 mat stations ·double deck hitting bays - memberships available
click here






golf instruction

learn the game of a lifetime. lower your handicap, win a club championship, play your best!
click here






price matching

a price match guarantee golf shop! custom built clubs @ big box prices!
click here






news & specials

demo days, current events, monthly specials, family fun promotions & more!
click here






toptracer range

practice & play like the pros. the same ball-tracking technology used by the game’s best.
click here












it all starts with club fitting
why we are a golf digest "100 best club fitter" in america...
over 20,000 golfers from all over the world have been custom fitted at sittler golf since 1993. if you're not playing with equipment custom fit to your swing, you're not playing to your potential. imagine how easy golf could be if the problem no longer lies with your clubs.
sittler golf offers the most extensive indoor/outdoor, custom-fitting capability in the area. our pga certified club fitters are extensively trained by the various manufacturers to provide a personalized club fitting experience to help you lower your score and increase your enjoyment of the game. you too can enjoy the overwhelming benefits of having equipment that is properly fitted. if you use clubs that fit your swing, your swing is natural to you. if your clubs don’t fit, then your swing must make adjustments to compensate for the specifications that don’t fit you.
learn more


































ping
mizuno
callaway
titleist
cobra
shotscope











fueling your passion for golf!
we are a premier golf facility that believes in having a good time while doing what we love.
sittler golf became our dream in 1993, and we’ve been on an epic ride ever since. from our beginnings, we’ve tried to stay true to our core beliefs, and to deliver an exceptional experience at a great value. we owe a huge thanks to our golfing community for joining us on this awesome journey, and we hope that you’ll continue to be a part of our story.
awards & accolades







leading brands + staff expertise + price match guarantee






golf digest best 100 clubfitters in america





national merchandiser of the year





top 100 national club fitter





rick kline - callaway certified master fitter
 





taylormade northeast fitter of the year





mizuno top 100 fitter
 





callaway top 100 fitter
 





rick kline -
callaway staff professional hall of fame






























© sittler golf • 497 mountain home rd • sinking spring, pa 19608contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company  


















facilities
award-winning top 100 golf shopdriving rangeshort game facilityperformance studiotoptracerpremier golf simulatorsminiature golf courseservices
custom club fittingscustom club fitting faq'spga golf instructionadult group programsadult group registrationsjunior golf individual packagesjunior golf winter first tee programstry before you buyclub repair & regrippingtrade-in programevents
demo daysspecials
join our email / reward clubssocial media stream specialsbuy gift cards onlineconnect
awards & accoladeslatest news & eventscustomer testimonialscontact, hours & directions


sittler golf center497 mountain home roadsinking spring, pa 19608











 








×




×



hours
open 7 days a weekmon-fri   10am - 6pmsat-sun   9am - 6pm
last bucket and round of mini golf 5pm
we are excited to announce grass tee renovations!grass tees are closed and will reopen in spring of 2025
powered by toptracer range 





