


































































scnow | breaking news | scnow.com | read florence, sc and south carolina, weather, traffic, crime, sports, entertainment, politics, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















31°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



games



contests



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



church directory




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



scnow archives




our properties


hartsville messenger



star & enterprise




buy &  sell 


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage florence subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



single copy locations



manage maron/mullins subscription



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









31°
sunny
























        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            family mourns eugene williams sr. killed in darlington car wash robbery

darlington, s.c. — eugene williams sr. was simply getting his car ready for church—something he had done countless times before—when he was killed. 

















        
        
            how south florence boys put away hilton head island

bruins come alive in fourth quarter, reach second round of state.

















        
        
            how wilson boys' basketball held off lakewood to advance

florence, s.c. -- in monday's postseason first round, lakewood was every bit the nightmare for eighth-ranked wilson that it was during the regular season. 

















        
        
            how lee acad., tcs., pda girls reached scisa final 4

makayla legette led titans with 24 points. for the golden eagles, clarie eskridge scored 13 points, and rebecca hammond scored 22. and the cavaliers were led by karagan melton with 14.

















        
        
            firefighters, dhec respond to west florence fuel spill

florence, s.c. -- a fuel spill that entered florence's storm water system is being tended to by west florence firefighters and a crew from the south carolina department of environmental control.

















        
        
            duke utility work a precursor to cheves streetscaping

florence, s.c. -- work has started to improve both downtown florence's infrastructure and its appearance -- at least along west cheves street.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            firefighters, dhec respond to west florence fuel spill


















        
        
            mullins man wins $1m in lottery, pays off car and home


















        
        
            see where your teams play in postseason monday-wednesday















                
                the latest


















        
        
            marion hmra to host 15th annual chili cook-off saturday

marion, s.c. — the historic marion revitalization association presents the 15th annual chili cook-off at main street commons saturday.




















        
        
            marion recreation hosts annual daddy daughter dance

marion rec department's chasity samuels expresses gratitude for supporters of the annual daddy daughter dance, with over 60 attendees enjoying the event.












        
        
            trinity collegiate honored with ap platinum honors, access awards

darlington, s.c. – trinity collegiate school is proud to announce its recognition by the college board as the only scisa school in south carolina and one of only five schools statewide to receive ap platinum honors with the ap access award. 




















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            postgame comments from south florence boys




















        
        
            postgame reactions from wilson boys' basketball




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            how fmu golf fared after 2 rounds at wexford intercollegiate

ryan bozard carded rounds of 75 and 73 for the patriots.





















        
        
            images from boys' basketball wins by wilson, south florence

florence, s.c. -- the boys' basketball teams from wilson, south florence won their first-round playoff games monday night. the bruins won 64-54 over hilton head island, and the tigers won 58-53 over lakewood. 





















        
        
            postgame comments from south florence boys




















        
        
            postgame reactions from wilson boys' basketball












                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.

















                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            air conditioner repair near summerville, s.c.: save energy and money this summer

contributor content.  it’s important to prepare your air-conditioning system for peak performance for hot and humid summers.












contributor








        
        
            how digital assets like bitcoin may be influencing global trade

contributor content. the rise of bitcoin demonstrates the general growing power of digital assets as a force in the global economy. as investors look to opportunities presented by this movement in finance, a shifting bitcoin price may continue to serve as a good marker of where future markets are headed.












contributor








        
        
            16 women’s health and wellness trends to watch

contributor content. women’s health and wellness products have never been more innovative than they are today.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            kinghorn insurance - florence



                                        1323 cherokee road, florence, sc 29501
                                    






















        
        
            care south carolina, inc



                                        p.o. box 1090, hartsville, sc 29550
                                    






















        
        
            piggybacks bbq & catfish



                                        116 sauls st, lake city, sc 29560
                                    
















                
                extras
                
                    

















        
        
            nurses 2022

















        
        
            who's your tv mom?

















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

















        
        
            what type of halloween candy are you?






view all




























×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


hartsville messenger

the marion star & mullins enterprise

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

join our team

licensing

dealer returns

curated commerce






                        © copyright 2025
                        scnow	, 491 w. cheves st., suite b florence, sc 29501
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































