



drug alcohol - recovery halfway houses nashville tn middle tennessee
























recovery
                  homes


services,
                cost, etc


recovery events 


about 
              us 


testimonials





              [news]
              [substance
                abuse
                resources] [glossary]
                [contact
                info] [home
                page]

recovery houses for men and women




a

              friend of bill's, llc currently operates  recovery

              houses  for men in hendersonville, lebanon and murfreesboro,

              tennessee. primarily, we serve middle tennessee and the nashville,

              tn area, but we also take clients regionally. as a part of our

              regional effort we now have opened kentucky

              recovery houses in henderson, ky, and we now have a women's recovery house in lebanon, tn. we offer a structured living environment for recovering alcoholics              and

              drug

              addicts who

              are trying

              to learn

            how to live in society as sober and productive individuals. 

            
some are likely to refer to our               recovery

                homes as halfway

              houses. we think recovery homes more accurately describes

              our program              which

              is more about teaching a way of life in recovery than it is about

              providing a place to live. too often, a halfway house

              is just a place to hang out until the alcoholic or addict improves

              his financial circumstances, and then when he leaves, he is likely

            to repeat the same destructive behaviors as before which are often

            a recipe for continued disaster. 
our

              transitional maintenance program is

              a design based upon a family disease of alcoholism model. when

              an alcoholic or addict stops

              the alcohol

              and drug abuse, he has only

              stopped self-maintenance of his disease with

              chemicals. this destructive disease often

              wakes up even more cunning than before. the disease demands appeasement.

              without alcohol or drugs, the alcoholic is left to medicate his

              disease with a myriad of dysfunctional behaviors such

              as questionable relationships, over working, over spending, over

              eating, gambling and shopping to name a few. these are what some

              refer

              to as the

              isms in

              alcoholism.

              these isms have

              the same purpose that drinking and drug using had: to quell the "restless,

            irritable, discontented" nature of the untreated alcoholic mind.
at  a friend of bill's, we offer a safe,

              clean, and controlled living environment, to help head off these isms before

              they lead back to taking a drink or drug. by working a 12

              step recovery program designed around the concepts learned

              in alcoholics

              anonymous and narcotics anonymous, the alcoholic or addict

              can recover his life, and the resulting spiritual awakening can

              keep

              the alcoholic's isms in

              remission and prevent the disaster of continued addiction.
every resident

                participates in our recovery process because they choose to.

              it's a great experience living with a group of people working hard

              to practice recovery.
many of our clients have come from outside the nashville, tn/ middle tn area.  they have discovered what we know from experience. the best chance a person has to maintain sobriety is to get away from the old playmates and playgrounds. it also helps to be around others who are trying to achieve the same goals
a friend of bills llc,  also accepts parolees and probationers since we are acknowledged by, and are on the  state of tennessee board of probation and parole (bopp) list of approved housing.
at a friend of bill's,

                we stress recovery goals every day. clients have the chance to

                attend recovery related meetings,

                events and activities every day.the staff encourages sober living

                every day. with time, as the clients

                develop new friendships, sober friendships, the dysfunctional

                relationships of their drinking and drug using days lose importance

                and life becomes livable once again.
in the news:

the picture displayed above shows our hendersonville,

                tn home. for information on all of our  houses in lebanon,

                tn, hendersonville, tn and murfreesboro, tn, please see the recovery

              homes page. 
"substance

            abuse is the number one health problem in tn and the us"
site updated:

				









424
            vance lane,
             lebanon, tn 37087, toll-free phone: (866) 388-9514




web design by phebus rising
    and tencom networks


