






covington – village website











































































skip to content





covington
village website


toggle menu

home
business

parish meetings
local services
local trades


calendar
news and events
village hall
groups

book group
ckhg history group
oil buying group
computer club


church

all saints covington
church services
bells restoration


contact
villages

catworth
kimbolton & stonely
hargrave
stowlonga


 












welcome to covington
find out more!

click here 




 







 covington is a small but thriving village situated on the borders of cambridgeshire, northamptonshire and bedfordshire. the village is mainly on the south side of a ridge, looking down over the valley of the river kym. the soil is largely heavy clay and farming is mixed. thanks to dutch elm disease, the area is not heavily wooded, but there is an abundance of garden wildlife. the village is old, dating back at least to saxon times, with roman and iron age farms dotted all along the kym valley. covington is known to have thrived in the fourteenth century but the oldest surviving houses date from post tudor times.
the shops, schools and other facilities of kimbolton are three miles away. other local centres include raunds, higham ferrers, rushden (northamptonshire), st. neots (cambridgeshire) and bedford road and rail communications with other parts of the country are good. the cosy village hall is the centre of the community where the book group, covington and keyston history group, pilates and belly dancing meet regularly. other village events include quiz night, harvest, first aid training, dinners and parties etc. making good use of its facilities. there is also excellent high speed broadband in the village.

 latest news



 

presentation on flint tools covington and keyston history group – monday 10th march at 7pm in covington village hall. a talk by sheila kohring on flint based tools identification and creation. include some lithic practicals. non-members welcome (£5)





 

presentation on the huntingdon mint covington and keyston history group – monday 10th february at 7pm in covington village hall. a talk by rodney scarle. 900 years of illustrious history on the english hammered silver penny. non-members welcome (£5)





 

pottery identification covington and keyston history group – on monday the 13th of january 2025 in covington village hall starting at 7pm, identification of pottery and bone from the short but very successful 2024 dig, we will return to the same trenches next year.


see all our news



			
			more news		



covington in numbers



population at last census 
120





average broadband speed (mbps)
50





number of properties
40





miles from london
58


 










© 2025 covington. proudly powered by sydney 
















 

homebusiness▼parish meetingslocal serviceslocal tradescalendarnews and eventsvillage hallgroups▼book groupckhg history groupoil buying groupcomputer clubchurch▼all saints covingtonchurch servicesbells restorationcontactvillages▼catworthkimbolton & stonelyhargravestowlonga 
























