








why you should opt for a beachside stay in a rental home?













































seaside holiday rental
holiday real-estate
summer holiday fun










						holiday  by the beach						





















						why you should opt for a beachside stay?						




 it’s clear that holidays are great. but they can also make sense and do the world of good to the soul. throughout the year we work hard for our days off. that is why traveling and escaping the daily routine from time to time should be a sacred thing! looking for the best formula? we can testify that holidays by the beach are the best! they have therapeutic effects and allow you to look at things very differently.



						seaside destinations						






 here, we offer you our suggestions and tips for the best seaside destinations to enjoy the beach and the splendid seascapes around the world.



 certainly, we choose our seaside stay according to the destination, the animation, the proposed activities but also the climate or the season.



						beach holiday rental						










why you should opt for accommodation rentals ?
thanks to their unbeatable value for money, their usually convenient and comfortable conditions, there’s no doubt that a holiday rental is what you need ! 








holiday rentals offer more freedom and private spaces
in a house or an apartment, you can relax or even work in comfortable and discreet spaces, on the terrace, the dining room or the garden ! 








conviviality and family warmth reign in a vacation rental
family warmth is strongly preserved especially because children can have fun together in the courtyard, which is not the case in a hotel. 




						seaside house rental						




 this is the ideal accommodation for a family, a group of friends, or a couple, who want to have the total exclusiveness of a villa or even a small house for an affordable rate. visit this website to get an idea of what a holiday house rental looks like : for-sale.com.



						well-equipped accommodations						




 are you going on holiday with your beloved kids? you can select holiday rentals equipped with baby beds, high chairs and more children friendly stuff! if you have a pet, there are vacation rentals that accept them. this year, everyone can go on vacation…yes, everyone !

 






 make the most of your seaside holiday by booking the right accommodation!







realized by : www.hayworth.fr




















 