







tony saunders











































        
          
            tony saunders
          
        
      




















































              home
            

            music
          

            events
          

            merl saunders
          

            media
          

            about
          

            epk
          

            tony has performed with
          

        store
      

            booking
          











































































homemusiceventsmerl saundersmediaaboutepktony has performed withstorebooking





                
                  
                    tony saunders
                  
                
              

































 tony saundersbassist, recording artist, producer




    upcoming shows
  









experience the soulful sounds of tony saunders live in new orleans. discover his latest performances and chart-topping hits. stay tuned for updates on his upcoming shows! 











loving you is easy
tony saunders theme of love is showcased once again on his new single "loving you is easy" and on tony's  forthcoming album "the romance continues". teaming up with some of today's top artists, composers, producers and musicians tony's new 15 track album delivers a prolific and infectious collection of very catchy smooth jazz tracks. his new single was recorded in l.a and san francisco and features michael mani as co-writer and producer of the song with bill hampton on guitar, rob zinn on trumpet, michael mani on keys & synth and tony saunders on bass.



buy now






  











  

tony is a black diamond strings ambassador




    view testimonial
  

  

upcoming shows

  




























congrats
2022 telly award winner















coming soon
thank you to all who are interested in me writing a book. i am writing one called beyond the bass lines with the help of brunetta nelson from atlanta for donations for the book cash app $imprintproductions








 

loving you is easycheck out this song from tony. listen on spotify now!







    new single available on spotify 8/16
  












    tune in here
  











stay up to date on the latest music, shows, and giveaways!










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *







you’re in! i know you don’t like spam so i’ll make sure that every offer and update i share is worth your while! thank you so much for connecting with me.all the best,tony


































new gallery



header



touring



telly awards



highway 5



show



email sign up



new gallery








 



510-919-6397


hours



































    tony saunders











