






caneworld – finest quality cane furniture










































caneworld

finest quality cane furniture



toggle navigation







home
about us
information

woven fibre furniture
maintenance & care
custom designs
upholstery
repairs
what is the difference between cane, rattan, wicker, osier and lloyd loom?
our installations
frequently asked questions


products

woven fibre

indoor
outdoor


outdoor furniture
dining room
lounge
bar
bedroom

beds
headboards
pedestals


chairs

rope chairs
rocking chairs
hanging chairs
bar stools


cribs & baskets

cribs
baskets
dog baskets




blog
contact us

















0







cane worldfinest quality cane furnitureview products




welcome to cane world
we are manufacturers of quality cane and wicker furniture.
cane world designs and custom makes furniture for clients to suite individual project requirements. we also renovate old cane, rattan and wicker furniture and do re upholstery
 
click here to like our facebook page for the latest designs & updates











latest news









new lloyd loom catalogue to be launched by 18 october
							caneworld, is the largest supplier of lloyd loom furniture in southern africa. with the factory in cape town, they are ideally situated to supply lloyd loom furniture all over africa.they also have to ability to manufacture custom designs, should you have your own.							
read more











history and philosophy of vincent sheppard
							in 1917, the american entrepreneur marshall burns lloyd invented a method of twisting kraft paper around a steel wire. these paper-wrapped wires were then woven on a loom, thereby creating a fine, regular and solid weave that strongly resembled rattan. marshall burns chris¬tened this weave lloyd loom. furniture made from lloyd loom was an enormous […]							
read more











what is the difference between cane, rattan, wicker, osier and lloyd loom?
							with the ever larger range of goods available to the homemaker, decorator and designer there is less and less information being given to the decision maker on what is cane, rattan, wicker, banana leaf, water hyacinth, woven plastics (pvc and hdpe) abaca . lloyd loom, malawi cane and osier. also how the quality of for […]							
read more






product spotlightread moresleigh bedread moreboston table with meshback chairsread moremalawi lounge suiteread morezanzibar lounge suite with tablessee all productsour latest specialstake a look at the products we have on special




available country-wide!johannesburg, pretoria, durban, bloemfontein, cape town.. almost anywhere in south africa!		
			




 




cane world. cane world is a manufacturer and importer of the finest quality cane, wicker and rattan furniture. we have two showrooms that service the retail, wholesale and contract interior markets. at our showrooms you can see our ranges of cane, rattan and wicker furniture as well has how our furniture is made.
we design and custom make furniture for clients to suite individual project requirements. we also renovate old cane, rattan and wicker furniture and do re-upholstery.

 


subscribe to our newsletter 



 


site map

about us
available country-wide!
blog
checkout
contact us
custom designs
frequently asked questions
maintenance & care
our installations
products
repairs
upholstery
woven fibre furniture

 


find us 16 transvaal street,
paarden eiland,
cape town, 7405
south africa

contact us tel: 021 510 3757
fax: 021 510 3758
info@caneworld.co.za

 











copyright caneworld 

































