


ges, inc. - home





































ges, inc.











​gove environmental services, inc.           















				home
			



				our staff
			



				contact us!
			












who we are





ges:  conscientious, collaborative, indispensable




 
gove environmental services, inc. is the premier wetland and soil science firm in the seacoast area.  covering northern new england states, ges provides services to engineering firms, developers and homeowners. founded in 1989 by james p. gove,gove environmental services, inc. (ges) isan environmental consulting firm based in exeter, in the heart of the southeastern and seacoast area of new hampshire. what began as a one-man soil science firm has grown into a multidisciplinary environmental firm whose consultations radiate in an approximately 200-mile radius from the central office, from new hampshire to maine through to vermont and massachusetts. 
 



​what ges, inc. can do for you! 

ges utilizes both classic and innovative field and technological analysis to assist clients with their land use and development needs. we serve a broad spectrum of clients, including homeowners, municipalities, and school administrative units. additionally, we assist professional firms, ranging from surveyors, engineers, and developers to multinational corporations

our professional services range in size and complexity including:site walks, wetland delineation, vernal pool certification ,wetland mitigation and restoration design and monitoring ,soil mapping, infiltration testing, wetland and shoreland permitting,fish and game consultation, violation investigation, advice and defense, if necessary. ​
we provide a full range of services related to our specialties, including working with local, state, and federal agencies and regulatory officials. we consistently appear before municipal zoning and planning boards on behalf of our clients. our purpose is to assist with and advance the highest quality balance between development and surrounding ecosystems, particularly wetlands, in a cost-effective and beneficial manner for all.at the local level: ges has years of experience in the seacoast cities and towns, with both municipal and private projects. we have presented a variety of projects to conservation commissions, zoning boards of adjustment, technical review committees, and planning boards as they moved through their approval process. they respect and value our judgment regarding evaluating impacts on the functions and values of their wetlands that are under project consideration, whether direct or secondary impacts by work in the locally regulated buffers.at the state level: ges has extensive experience with every aspect of state regulations for the state of new hampshire. we have years of experience working in cooperation with the wetland, shoreland, and alteration of terrain bureaus, as well as the department of historical resources, new hampshire fish and game, and the natural heritage bureau. we have worked with these agencies through the evolving permitting processes, from minimum expedited permit applications to minor and major permit applications, within a range of projects including, but not limited to, driveway crossings, small and large-scale residential subdivision developments, and large-scale commercial developments.at the federal level: ges inc. has extensive experience with the us army corps of engineers, us environmental protection agency, and us fish and wildlife, in applying for and obtaining individual permits under their low impact development standards and conducting surveys and inventories for federally listed threatened and/or endangered species. the ges staff has had long-term working relationships with corps staff. ges staff have worked on a number of projects that have included epa review, and create solutions for successful permitting.ges’s expertise at local, state, and federal levels allows us to provide comprehensive and effective services. our collaborative approach with various agencies ensures regulatory compliance and successful project outcomes, making us a trusted partner in balancing development with environmental stewardship.   
​copyright 2005. gove environmental services, inc. all rights reserved.8 continental dr bldg 2 unit h, exeter, nh 03833-7507 ph (603) 778-0644info@gesinc.biz


















 

 



web hosting by bluehost








						home
					



						our staff
					



						contact us!
					









