

































































lynchburg news and advance | breaking news | | read lynchburg and virginia breaking news. get latest news, events and information on virginia sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















38°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



virginia video network



education



politics



business



history



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



lu sports



uva



virginia tech



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



news & advance archives




our properties


new era progress



nelson county times



 the news & advance




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage lynchburg subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





alexa








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









38°
mostly cloudy
























        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”


















        
        
            james jumps its banks

the james river jumped its banks sunday after heavy rains pounded the lynchburg area's already saturated ground from recent winter storms. the river at full bank sits at about 12 feet, but the weekend's rains brought it to just shy of 23 feet. sunny days will give way to snow forecasted for …

















        
        
            unpaid for existing work, federal contractors ice virginia jobs

federal contractors are having to cut staff after the trump administration refused to pay them for work already completed. 

















        
        
            line of duty bill approved in virginia general assembly

an amendment to the virginia line of duty act to include privately employed police officers as beneficiaries, is making its way to the senate.

















        
        
            liberty grinds out crucial conference usa road win in second half over utep

liberty trailed by as many as 11 points before shooting its way to a key victory over utep to hold onto second place in conference usa.

















        
        
            sports notes: staunton river wins region 3d title, and more

heritage and lca also send seven wrestlers to states; tech's lemley is perfect again; zealand impresses in the mile run. 


















        
        
            marking history

in the span of just two city blocks in and around pierce street sits eight virginia historical markers dedicated to the people and buildings that gave this small neighborhood its place in history. among the notable residents of pierce street was the harlem renaissance poet anne spencer, and …










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you





















        
        
            james jumps its banks


















        
        
            high school scoreboard for monday, feb. 17



















        
        
            sherry brown, director of lynchburg community corrections and pretrial services















                
                the latest


















        
        
            controversial virginia bill on license plate readers advancing again

the bill would set rules about who can see and use data from license plate readers and could allow the readers to be installed along up to 60,000 miles of state highways,




















        
        
            high winds knock out power to tens of thousands in charlottesville, central virginia

nearly 40,000 households and businesses in charlottesville and its surrounding counties were without power sunday evening due to high winds exceeding 50 mph. 




















        
        
            virginia: with peace on tax rebates, gaming on the table in budget talks

the odds are strong that gaming, not tax cuts or education spending, will dominate budget talks between the house of delegates and senate in the final week of the session.




















        
        
            feb. 13 bedford school board meeting roundup: dupere asks parents to get news from “proper channels”

bedford county schools superintendent william dupere asked parents to get their school-related news from “proper channels” such as school-based leadership rather than social media at the county school board’s meeting thursday. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains




















        
        
            southwest airlines to cut 15% of corporate workforce amid struggles




















        
        
            new affordable housing and community spaces coming to highbridge




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            sports notes: vhsl alters state championships, and more

with a winter storm expected to blanket the state with snow this week, the virginia high school league on monday announced it has changed its schedules for this weekend's state championships. 




















        
        
            high school scoreboard for monday, feb. 17

a look at the lynchburg-area prep scores from monday.




















        
        
            high school scoreboard for thursday, feb. 13

a look at the lynchburg-area high school scores from thursday.




















        
        
            vhsl reverses transgender athlete participation policy to align with trump's executive order

the virginia high school league (vhsl) has changed its policy regarding transgender athlete participation. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            smart saving for the big game: athletes and retirement planning

contributor content. smart savings can be essential for athletes facing short careers and fluctuating incomes. learn how iras and investments may help secure their financial future.












contributor








        
        
            13 must-haves for throwing a pet-friendly puppy bowl watch party

contributor content. find everything you need to throw a pet-friendly puppy bowl watch party. 












contributor








        
        
            top 5 financial strategies for aspiring mba students

contributor content. pursuing an mba is a significant investment, but the cost can be daunting for many aspiring students. with tuition and living expenses rising, knowing how to manage your finances smartly is essential.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            acupuncture works, llc



                                        114 duncraig drive, lynchburg, va 24502
                                    






















        
        
            old city cemetery



                                        401 taylor st, lynchburg, va 24501
                                    






















        
        
            mellow mushroom of lynchburg



                                        1220 greenview dr, lynchburg, va 24502
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















other





        
        
            driskill funeral chapel
























services





        
        
            patrick henry memorial foundation
























healthcare





        
        
            ag jefferson opticians
























real estate





        
        
            dawson ford garbee real estate
























other





        
        
            max kendall lumber co.
























other





        
        
            blue ridge ent & plastic surg
























services





        
        
            petrey's gun store
























other





        
        
            blue ridge ent & plastic surg
























services





        
        
            sterling oil company







































×
















facebook





twitter





alexa









sites & partners


place an ad

score your deal

special publications

join our team

contests

public notices

get healthy




services


manage subscription

subscribe

contact us

email newsletters

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        lynchburg news and advance, 101 wyndale drive lynchburg, va 24501
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































