


map sex offender























    
	map sex offender
	
  
articles on the mapsexoffenders.com website.








sunday, november 05, 2006




	 sex offender halloween curfew
	 



last edited: monday, 30 oct 2006, 5:46 pm est created: monday, 30 oct 2006, 5:46 pm est guilford county -- for the first time in north carolina, there is a halloween curfew for registered sex offenders.the department of corrections crackdown is in effect for all 100 counties. any registered sex offenders on parole or probation cannotleave their homes,have their outside lights oncannot answer the door if trick or treaters come knocking.the new law covers offenders currently on probation, not those who have completed probation.guilford county sheriff b. j. barnes said his office has a map that shows where more than 500 offenders live.anyone can log on to www.mapsexoffenders.com, enter your city and zip code and see if any convicted sex offenders live near you.



posted by richy at 7:14 pm
0 comments










	 site alerts parents of predators
	 



reported by: heather thompsonweb editor: leigha baughamlast modified: 10/28/2006 11:23:46 pmfor a short time, john mark karr resided in chastain park, but since he has moved, parents may have been left with a false sense of relief.thousands of emails were sent to chastain park residents alerting them that the man who once claimed he accidentally killed jonbenet ramsey was living in their neighborhood. many began to fear for the safety of their children.john karr’s father told 11alive news that due to threats and fear for his safety, his son now lives in hamilton, alabama.john mark karr has never been convicted of any crime that would require him to register as a sex offender or restrict where he can live.the website, mapsexoffenders.com showed at least six convicted sex offenders living in that immediate area around chastain park.many of the offenders have been convicted of crimes against children, and several with addresses near roswell road.john karr is no longer living in chastain park, but parents should never let their guard down.



posted by richy at 7:10 pm
0 comments






monday, october 23, 2006




	 bus stop to be moved
	 



by holly m. pullanoarticle launched:10/13/2006 01:17:03 pm edtthe fairfield school district is taking action to change a bus stop that was located in close proximity to the home of a registered sex offender, but a concerned parent feels that the district did not react quickly enough to resolve what he feels is a grave safety concern.according to glenn campbell, the parent of a fairfield woods middle school student, when he "stumbled upon the information" that a sex offender lived across the street from a bus stop at campfield drive and knapps park drive, he immediately contacted school authorities to make them aware of the situation.but on wednesday, campbell said the reaction from the school district was not as swift as he had thought and hoped it would be. "my kids and i took bets, we put it at three days because of the severity of the situation," campbell said. "two weeks went by and nothing happened."campbell explained that he had discovered the information unintentionally while researching a home he had planned to rent on campfield drive, which he later learned was located next door to nicholas kiriakopoulos, 58, a registered sex offender."i have two school-age children, so one of the first criteria i look at is whether any sex offenders live in the neighborhood," campbell said, explaining that he uses the web site www.mapsexoffenders.com, to aid in his research.campbell said he quickly put two and two together when he realized that each morning as he drove his daughter to school, he had observed a group of middle school-age girls waiting for the bus across the street from kiriakopoulos' house."it really concerned me a lot, and the sheer magnitude [of the situation] led me to believe it was definitely in the best interest to call someone," campbell said. "if someone else had made that realization, i would want them to do the same thing, to step up and make that phone call."campbell said that after making the school district aware of the situation, he was hopeful that they would take immediate action, such as stationing a police officer or a parent at the bus stop until the situation could be resolved. "to be honest, i was very concerned that nothing happened right away," he said.on wednesday, john ficke, the school district's transportation supervisor, said campbell's concern was forwarded to him from deputy superintendent jack boyle. ficke explained that the reason for the two-week time lapse was to allow a fair amount of time to "research the situation" before taking further action. "there was really no information other than that a sex offender lived across the street from the bus stop," ficke said wednesday. "we had to research it and figure out what to do."ficke explained that the situation involved more than 20 students in the surrounding area and that his department immediately began to look at ways in which it could change the bus stop to accommodate all students affected. another problem, ficke said, was that one of the students involved in the bus route lives directly next door to kiriakopoulos.to resolve the issue, ficke explained that the "bad stop" will be eliminated, and three new stops will be added to the current bus route, which will include stops at both ends of the street. ficke added that the bus would be rerouted in order to "draw students around the house," so they would no longer have to walk by kiriakopoulos' home.yesterday, glenn mackno, principal of roger ludlowe middle school, added that the school was in the process of notifying parents that the new routes and stops would be in place, effective monday. "this is certainly a concern, and it's already been resolved," mackno said. "our children's safety is always paramount, and we immediately took action to protect the safety of our students."ficke said that prior to receiving campbell's complaint, he had not received any concerns from parents on the matter. however, ficke said it is not uncommon for his department to receive complaints in regard to bus stops being located near the homes of sex offenders. "we get calls on this every year, and this particular incident is not the first one this year," he said.when asked whether the school district plans bus routes in order to prevent stops from being located in close proximity to a sex offender, ficke replied, "we don't get notification of where these people live. we have roughly 8,000 bus stops, so we do rely on parents to help, and we then deal with the issue as quickly as we can."according to mackno, he has made the recommendation to the school district that if checking bus routes against the homes of known sex offenders is not already the first step in the process of scheduling bus routes, it should be revised so that it is in the future.in response to mackno's recommendation, superintendent of schools ann clark said yesterday that she "would rather not go into any specific detail" on the matter due to her concern for the safety of students.meanwhile, when asked why he had decided to step into a situation that did not directly affect him, campbell replied, "i couldn't live with myself if something were to happen. from what i've seen on the news, these people [sex offenders] have issues that never seem to be resolved."campbell also pointed out that while he understood that kiriakopoulos "has rights too," he felt that "sometimes things take precedence," especially when the issue concerns the safety of children.the state department of public safety's web site www.ct.gov/dps/, allows the public to search the state's sex offender registry by last name, zip code and town.according to the web site, connecticut general statutes 54-250 through 54-261 mandate that the department of public safety establish and maintain a central registry of persons who have been convicted of certain sexual offenses and are required to register under the general statutes.at press time, the state registry listed 11 sex offenders living in fairfield. kiriakopoulos is one of the 11. the crimes that require kiriakopoulos to be listed in the registry include sexual assault in the fourth degree and illegal sexual contact. kiriakopoulos was convicted of both crimes in april 2003, according to the registry.the remaining sex offenders living in fairfield, according to the registry, live on prince street, old black rock turnpike, beaconview drive, rutland and berwick avenues, and old stratfield, meadow brook, wormwood and davis roads.



posted by richy at 5:21 pm
0 comments






friday, september 01, 2006




	 warrants issued for 16 sex offenders
	 



monday, august 28, 2006by matt elofson - staff writerlumberton - it appears that many of those on a sheriff's office's list of wanted sex offenders read the robesonian.sheriff's investigators had been looking for 30 people who failed to provide a proper address to the county's sex offender registry, but the list was nearly whittled in half after the robesonian published the names of those who were being sought.“they saw their names in the paper,” sheriff's detective lt. howard branch said. “a lot of them thought they were in compliance, but it turned out they weren't.”investigators with the robeson county juvenile task force started a campaign on aug. 1 to make sure the county's 154 registered sex offenders were living at the addresses they had supplied the sheriff's office.sex offenders have 10 days to register with the sheriff's office after they move to a new address. failure to do so can result in a felony charge. fourteen sex offenders contacted the sheriff's office and deputies continue to seek the remaining 16.“we might get one more maybe two to turn themselves in; the rest of them we'll probably have to look for,” branch said. “we got warrants out on them so we'll still look for them. if anyone happens to know where these people may be, they can call the sheriff's office.”north carolina created the sex-offender registry in response to worries about sexual predators. the registry enables the public to find out where sex offenders live.“these people have moved from their last verified address so we don't know where they are,” branch said. “they're sex offenders and they could offend again. they're breaking the law by not verifying their addresses.”names and pictures of the sex offenders can be found on the internet. people can search the state's registry web site for local convicted sex offenders at www.ncregistry.ncsbi.gov or www.mapsexoffenders.com.warrants have been issued for the following people: kenneth lee hammonds, 25, of 2250 smith mill road, lumberton; howard zeigler, 36, of 407 scotland st., maxton; vernon v. blackhorse, 56, address unknown, red springs; edwin godinez, 32, of 114 rosewood mobile home park, lumberton; david e. johnson, 43, of 4365 cabinet shop road, rowland; cresencio s. leyva, 22, of 427 morgan j road, shannon; james bass, 64, of route 2 box 234 b, st. pauls; leonard strickland, 31, address unknown, lumberton; jason k. durden, 32, of 12653 n.c. 72 east, lumberton; aaron t. kearns, 27, of 4078 tar heel road, lumberton; kentrill griffen, 26, address unknown, lumberton; joseph d. ransom, 45, address unknown, fairmont; gustario cabrerra sorian, 20, of 6449 chickenfoot road, st. pauls; silvestre lara martinez, 29, address unknown, marietta; leroy sinclair mccrimmon, 46, of lumberton; and geraldo morin, 42, address unknown, lumberton.anyone with information can call the robeson county sheriff's office at 671-3100.arrest made in clerk shootinglumberton - police have charged a lumberton teen with the robbery and attempted murder of store clerk after his mother turned him in.kindest cut: students get stylish back-to-school giftlumberton - natesha and danesha boaz sit in the waiting room at expressions of faith hair salon, thumbing through glossy pages of hairstyle magazines.le petit cafe settles debt with employeesred springs - the robeson enterprise community development corp. has long since dropped its plans to bring sustainable wages to the area.graduates have 4th lowest debtpembroke - an education at the university of north carolina at pembroke is one of the most affordable in the nation, according to u.s. news and world report's “best colleges and universities” rankings.recycle center to open new drop-off sitelumberton - the robeson county recycling center will open a new recycling trailer in lumberton next month, and is considering placing another one downtown lumberton.tourney links fund-raising, fun-raisingrobeson community college foundation announces its 20th annual foundation scholarship golf tournament - the clifford bullard memorial.education briefsjaenicke receives knights scholarshipwarrants issued for 16 sex offenderslumberton - it appears that many of those on a sheriff's office's list of wanted sex offenders read the robesonian.hit-and-run vehicle found abandonedlumberton - authorities recovered a ford explorer they say was involved in a hit-and-run accident that killed a city woman early friday.uncp mourns loss of theater instructorpembroke - travis l. stockley taught for four years at the university of north carolina at pembroke, but colleagues say his contributions will be felt for years to come.city wants to pave downtown parking lotlumberton - a private downtown parking lot could get a facelift if the city can arrange to lease the property from its owners.airman charged in store shootingfairmont - an air force enlisted man shot out the window of grocery store while trying to hit a group of fairmont teenagers, police say.time, again, to make your fair plansit's hard to believe, but this time next month the robeson county fairgrounds will be a beehive of activity as people get ready for the 60th anniversary of our county fair. the robeson regional agricultural fair will begin on sept. 28, and will operate until oct. 7.agriculture briefsffa team takes trip to atlanta



posted by richy at 5:24 pm
0 comments










	 your agent is tops, but can she do this?
	 



by mary umberger, chicago tribuneaugust 20, 2006chicago — sure, you've been told again and again that people start their house-hunting journeys online, but the internet as a real estate tool goes beyond scrolling through listings. selections from the latest crop of services for home buyers and sellers:it's a time-honored tradition in america: tuck a note into a stranger's mailbox that says, "i love your house. if you ever want to sell it …" or words to that effect.now you can do that online, at least in finland. a website there, http://www.igglo.fi/ , claims to have photographed and mapped every building in helsinki. would-be buyers can earmark properties that interest them and post offers to buy online in case the owner happens to check in — which, given human nature, isn't unlikely these days.redfin.com, an online seattle brokerage, has obtained a u.s. patent on a similar concept.then there's propertyshark.com, which has found a way to meld property-hunting with romance.as a sideline to its primary role as a source of real estate sales data, it has developed maps that purportedly pinpoint neighborhoods populated by wealthier single men. for example, areas where the average single man's income is more than $100,000 a year are noted by the symbol "$$$"; areas where the average is $80,000 to $100,000 a year get "$$," etc.and while we're at the intersection of real estate and mapping, here's one that might help you learn whether, instead of mr. wonderful, you're moving in next door to mr. yech. mapsexoffenders.com does what its name implies: provides a map with icons marking the locations of registered sex offenders.from the doorstep to your desktop: for decades, a visit from welcome wagon meant that a smiling neighbor lady would drop by the homes of newcomers. those visits went away in 1998, mostly because the lady of the house was at work. now there's welcomewagon.com, and the smiling neighbor has gone totally virtual.warm, isn't it?



posted by richy at 5:10 pm
0 comments










	 30 sex offenders found missing
	 



aug. 18, 2006by matt elofson - staff writerlumberton - sheriff's investigators are looking for 30 robeson county sex offenders who weren't at home when lawmen came knocking. detective lt. howard branch said all failed to register new addresses with the sheriff's office as required by law.a recent campaign during which sheriff's deputies went door to door resulted in fresh warrants. branch said the offenders' names will be entered into the national crime information center database.the robeson county sheriff's office launched the effort two weeks ago to make sure that the county's 154 registered sex offenders are following the law that requires them to tell authorities of their whereabouts.investigators finished their checks this week.lawmen sometimes found other people living in residences that sex offenders had listed as their addresses or empty houses.“there was one address where a mobile home had been and the whole mobile home was gone ... it was nothing but a empty lot,” branch said. “i was figuring (there would be) 15 that we'd have to issue warrants to have to look for. i hope next time it won't be as many.”sex offenders have 10 days to register with the sheriff's office after they move to a new address. failure to do so could result in the offender being charged with a felony.the violation would be breach of probation and likely mean more prison time, branch said.the sheriff's office is expected to check the addresses of the county's convicted sex offenders on a regular basis.𔄘ur main concern is we don't know where they are, and we're supposed to know where they're at because they are a convicted sex offender,” branch said.the names of sex offenders can also be found on the internet. lawmen encourage people to visit the web sites so they will know if there is a sex offender living in their neighborhood so they can take necessary steps to protect themselves and their children.county residents can check the state's registry web site for local convicted sex offenders at www.ncregistry.ncsbi.gov or www.mapsexoffenders.com.30 sex offenders found missinglumberton - sheriff's investigators are looking for 30 robeson county sex offenders who weren't at home when lawmen came knocking. detective lt. howard branch said all failed to register new addresses with the sheriff's office as required by law.state selects fairmont for main street programfairmont - when town officials look at downtown, they don't see vacant store fronts and cracked pavement - they see the future.parents to be given transfer optionslumberton - school officials on monday identified eight robeson county schools that must offer transfer options after failing to meet specific targets on standardized tests for consecutive years.johnson chides board memberslumberton - councilman wyatt johnson chastised three of his fellow councilmen monday for what he characterized as an apparent double standard on their part as it relates to city recreation projects.arrests made in robberieslumberton - police say a security camera video from a convenience store robbery helped a clerk at walgreens identify the person who robbed that drug store.rcc trustees approve pay hikelumberton - robeson community college's faculty and staff will take home fatter paychecks this school year.school transition is not taken lightlyin a little over a week, our students will be returning to school after a long, relaxing, hopefully enjoyable summer vacation. many of them will be returning to the school they left in june - one with which they're familiar. for many others, they will be entering a new school with new surroundings including new teachers and fellow students whom they do not know. it can result in a certain amount of anxiety.education briefsschool to sponsor car wash



posted by richy at 5:07 pm
0 comments










	 keeping eye contact
	 



  thursday, august 10, 2006of robeson county's 152 convicted sex offenders, the sheriff's office is unsure where at least 25 of them are living, a number that will grow this week.we find this to be good news. the bad news would be if these sex offenders had disappeared through the cracks for good.the sheriff's office recently launched an effort to make sure that convicted sex offenders are following a law that requires them to tell authorities of their whereabouts. sheriff's deputies last week began scanning the county, knocking on doors of convicted sex offenders to see if they were indeed at home.by friday, 65 sex offenders were where they were supposed to be, 25 weren't, and another 62 residences needed to be visited. the door-knocking effort was to resume this week, which is why the number 25 will grow higher.the enforcement puts teeth into the law that requires sex offenders to register with the local sheriff's office within 10 days of moving to a new address. the law is intended to help lawmen keep a better eye on sex offenders, many of whom prey on children. it also arms parents and guardians who can visit www.ncregistry.ncsbi.gov or www.mapsexoffenders.com to find out if a sex offender is lurking in the neighborhood.although there appears to be no connection, this campaign was launched not long after an alleged assault on a county youth by a convicted child molester whom authorities did not know lived in robeson county.the department has said the campaign will be repeated periodically. robesonians - especially those with young children - should take comfort in knowing that the sheriff's office is taking a proactive approach to this threat.keeping eye contactof robeson county's 152 convicted sex offenders, the sheriff's office is unsure where at least 25 of them are living, a number that will grow this week.no room for gi joesens. joe lieberman, john kerry and john edwards joined together in late 2002 in casting votes to authorize war to remove iraqi dictator saddam hussein, but lieberman was inspired to do so for a vastly different reason than his fellow democrats.



posted by richy at 5:05 pm
0 comments










	 jon benet ramsey in daisy dukes
	 



by mike s. adamsfriday, august 4, 2006send an email to mike s. adamsin the nearly ten years since jon benet ramsey’s death, i’ve spent little time pondering the identity of that little girl’s murderer. i’ve known the answer to that question for years. and so have you. but one time several years ago - during the height of the media coverage of the case - i did hear one interesting assertion about the parents of jon benet ramsey; namely, that there was absolutely no evidence they had ever sexually abused their little girl.when i heard the assertion that there was “absolutely no evidence” of sexual abuse of jon benet ramsey, i immediately recalled a picture of the little girl when she was around the age of four. she was wearing a brightly colored strapless dress that matched her brightly colored lipstick. her makeup was as heavy as that of any hooker or drag queen in san francisco.this begs a fundamental question: are we sexually abusing our little girls when we dress them up to look like prostitutes? of course, i would submit that we are.fortunately, when the ramsey case broke it was very unusual to see a couple dressing a small child like a hooker. unfortunately, today it is commonplace. an episode i witnessed the other day illustrates just how little parents seem to think before allowing their little girls to dress and carry themselves in an entirely-too-adult fashion.on my daily jog though my neighborhood i ran by the house of a man i know fairly well. his garage door was open and music was blaring out of a jam box inside - in fact, the music was so loud it was barely recognizable. but i could tell the song was “these boots are made for walking,” which was popularized by nancy sinatra in the 1960s. his two grandchildren were dancing in the driveway to the recent remake of the tune, sung by jessica simpson.as my neighbor’s two grandchildren were standing in the driveway - while gyrating their hips like a couple of prostitutes - i noticed they were both wearing cutoff “daisy duke” style short and halter tops. the oldest girl looked like she was wearing mascara. she is 11 years old, by the way. her younger sister is nine.there is obviously something very wrong psychologically with the parent who actually dresses a four year old girl like a prostitute. there is also something wrong with the parent who allows a nine or even an eleven year old girl to dress herself like one – not to mention carry herself like one, too. it is not cute. it is simply crude and indecent.but there is more to the equation than bad taste, here. in today’s world, people who do not make sure their little girls are dressed like little girls are exposing them to extreme danger.shortly after i finished my afternoon jog, i went to one of the numerous websites (http://www.mapsexoffenders.com/) that can be used to locate registered sex offenders. i wanted to know how far those two little girls – the ones dancing like hookers - were from the nearest convicted pedophile. the answer: about 500 yards.parents of small children (especially little girls) need to do the following things after finishing this short but important column:log on to the internet and find the nearest registered sex offenders in your neighborhood.make sure you voice your complaints to local retailers who sell sexually provocative clothes marketed for little girls.make a note of the names of the companies that manufacture inappropriate clothing for children next time you see these products. write them and tell them exactly why you will never, ever buy their products.tune in occasionally to the o’reilly factor to keep track of bill’s segments on jessica’s law – a measure designed to impose mandatory 25-year sentences on first-time child molesters.make sure that your lawmakers know you will not support them unless they support jessica’s law. in other words, impose a simple ideological litmus test on all of your representatives.i hope all of my readers will give serious consideration to the advice i have proffered today. even if you reject some of my specific points, keep my general thesis in mind. our little girls will be women far sooner than we would like. for the time being we should just let them be little girls.



posted by richy at 5:01 pm
0 comments










	 internet sites cater to niche home buyers
	 



mary umbergerinternet sites cater to niche home buyerspublished july 23, 2006sure, you've been told again and again that people start their house-hunting journeys online, but the internet as a real estate tool goes beyond just scrolling through listings. selections from the latest crop of services for home buyers and sellers:- it's a time-honored tradition in america: tuck a note into a stranger's mailbox that says, "i love your house. if you ever want to sell it ..." or words to that effect.now, you can do that online--that is, if you happen to be in finland. a web site there, www.igglo.fi, claims to have photographed and mapped every building in helsinki. would-be buyers can earmark properties that interest them and post offers to buy online in case the owner happens to check in--which, given human nature, isn't unlikely these days.the concept has washed up on our shores--redfin.com, an online seattle brokerage, has obtained a u.s. patent on a similar concept.- propertyshark.com (a curious name for a real estate web site, if ever there was one) has found a way to meld property-hunting with romance.as a sideline to its primary role as a source of real-estate sales data, it has developed maps that purportedly pinpoint neighborhoods populated by wealthier single men. for example, areas where the average single man's income is more than $100,000 a year are noted by a "$$$" symbol; areas where the average is $80,000 to $100,000 a year get an "$$," etc. the maps color-code "single-men abundancy" in seven categories, ranging from meat market to wedlocked. it doesn't provide this utterly critical information for chicago.- and while we're at the intersection of real estate and mapping, here's one that might help you learn whether, instead of mr. wonderful, you're moving in next door to mr. yecch.mapsexoffenders.com does what its name implies: enter an address or zip code, and the site provides a map with icons marking the locations of registered sex offenders. click on the icon, and you get a photo of the offender.- apparently this is a niche that heretofore has been unfilled: web sites that will match consumers to agents of a specific faith.catholicagent.com claims to be "a source for catholics throughout the usa to find a catholic real estate agent for their next move ... so that the faithful can provide work to those within the catholic community."we also have jewishagent.com: "you'd like to know where the jcc is, shuls or kosher dining. ... we're here to connect you with people who are in the know, wherever you are moving," the site promises.- from the doorstep to your desktop: for decades, a visit from welcome wagon meant that a smiling neighbor lady would drop by the homes of newcomers, bearing a wealth of local information--and special offers from merchants--to help the adjustment to a neighborhood. those visits went away in 1998, mostly because the lady of the house was at work and nobody was there to answer the door. well, it's back now--or, at least, welcomewagon.com is--as an online unit of move.com, and the smiling neighbor lady has gone totally virtual. warm, isn't it?----------hear mary umberger on wbbm newsradio 780 at 6:21 p.m. and 10:22 p.m. each thursday and friday and 7:20 a.m. each saturday and sunday.mumberger@tribune.com



posted by richy at 4:56 pm
0 comments










	 proposed registry would pinpoint convicted drug dealers
	 



proposed registry would pinpoint convicted drug dealerswendy neubergerwisconsin is one of three states working to get a first-ever online registry for convicted drug dealers. it would be similar to the current sex offender website, to inform people where these former drug dealers are now living.it's called a drug-lord registry. a place for parents and anyone to go to find out if a convicted drug dealer is living near them.rep. scott suder, a republican from the 69th assembly district, is proposing the bill and says families deserve to know this information in case former convicts get back into their old ways."i think it's fair because if you have a serious offender that has committed a major meth crime, the chances are likely that individuals may be re-offend, and frankly, i think the community has a right to know if an individual has moved into their community, is living near their children, who has committed that type of serious offense," he says.the drug-lord registry would show a map like the one on wisconsin's mapsexoffenders. com, taking you street by street in your area, giving specific addresses of where former dealers are now living.but one drug and alcohol treatment director says this online registry could hurt those who are in recovery working to straighten out their lives."they're developing acquaintances, friends and all of a sudden they have a new reputation because of their old behavior," says dale christensen. "that developing community support just disintegrates."christensen, of north central health care, says if the website becomes a reality, the focus of their recovery counseling sessions will shift dramatically."how to deal with the shame, how to deal with members of the community that are shunning them because of their knowledge of the registry."he says that could also mean a longer recovery time, but there is one thing both will agree on in deciding whether to start this website."i don't think it needs to be measured in terms of what's fair to the former dealer. what the community needs to look at is what is most protective to the community at-large," christensen says.suder says the bill is being drafted right now, hopefully to be passed in january.



posted by richy at 4:52 pm
0 comments










	 popular websites that track child predators
	 



last update: 3/30/2006 11:18:11 amposted by: maritza nunezthis story is available on your cell phone at mobile.woai.com.watch this story...how much do you know about the people in your neighborhood? news 4 woai trouble shooter tanji patton shows you how to find out if any of them could be a threat to your child's safety.vergel casunuran keeps a close watch on his neighborhood. he is the father of two young children and he looks out for their safety by constantly checking websites that track child predators and where they live."they're everywhere," he says. "every time there is a sexual offender move in within the zip code, i will be notified by email of the move."vergel uses a website called mapsexoffenders.com. all you have to do is type in your address, and your neighborhood pops up, along with bullets that pinpoint where a registered sex offender is living. click on the bullet, and you'll see the offender's name, address and picture.sign up for email alerts and you'll get a message every time a sex offender moves into your neighborhood.familywatchdog.us is another popular website. many viewers have emailed the trouble shooters about this site that shows you a satellite image of sex offenders in your area. searching the database is free, but if you want email alerts, there is a small fee.both websites get their information from the official dps sex offender database,which provides even more information, all free of charge."dps compiles the information in a statewide databse that's accessible to the public," says dps spokesperson tela mange.the websites give vergel some peace of mind. "to me, if a simple task like that would save a kid, it's worth it."http://www.mapsexoffenders.com/ http://www.familywatchdog.us/ http://www.txdps.state.tx.us/



posted by richy at 4:48 pm
0 comments






tuesday, march 28, 2006




	 popular websites that track child predators
	 



last update: 3/28/2006 6:46:08 amposted by: maritza nunezthis story is available on your cell phone at mobile.woai.com.how much do you know about the people in your neighborhood? news 4 woai trouble shooter tanji patton shows you how to find out if any of them could be a threat to your child's safety.vergel casunuran keeps a close watch on his neighborhood. he is the father of two young children and he looks out for their safety by constantly checking websites that track child predators and where they live."they're everywhere," he says. "every time there is a sexual offender move in within the zip code, i will be notified by email of the move."vergel uses a website called mapsexoffenders.com. all you have to do is type in your address, and your neighborhood pops up, along with bullets that pinpoint where a registered sex offender is living. click on the bullet, and you'll see the offender's name, address and picture.sign up for email alerts and you'll get a message every time a sex offender moves into your neighborhood.familywatchdog.us is another popular website. many viewers have emailed the trouble shooters about this site that shows you a satellite image of sex offenders in your area. searching the database is free, but if you want email alerts, there is a small fee.both websites get their information from the official dps sex offender database,which provides even more information, all free of charge."dps compiles the information in a statewide databse that's accessible to the public," says dps spokesperson tela mange.the websites give vergel some peace of mind. "to me, if a simple task like that would save a kid, it's worth it."http://www.mapsexoffenders.com/ http://www.familywatchdog.us/ http://www.txdps.state.tx.us/



posted by richy at 9:30 pm
0 comments










	 released sex offender takes life one step at a time
	 



by anne jungen la crosse tribune.he’s shy and blushes when you ask him about his fiancee. he works long hours overnight at a factory. he exudes positive energy. and this north side resident can wail on a guitar.but he’s also a 50-year-old convicted sex offender, found guilty of attempted child enticement.john, who spoke to the tribune on the condition his real name not be used, was the first person released in la crosse under the wisconsin sex offender registration and community notification law in 1998. for the past eight years, john has dealt with the repercussions of his offense and eased his way back into the community — one step at a time.“sex offenders want it all at once — work, a house, friends, everything, and that’s not going to happen,” he said. “you have to be patient. offenders won’t get it all back at once — if ever.”while some people will never forgive and accept, john believes la crosse residents are fair in their treatment of offenders.still, he fears the community will consider him unredeemable, pigeonhole him and victimize his loved ones.john was convicted of three counts of attempted enticement of children in 1989 and placed on probation. his probation was revoked after he was charged again in february 1993 with attempted enticement for leaving a note in the street inviting the finder to meet him near myrick park so he could expose himself, according to tribune archives.after revoking his probation, former la crosse county circuit judge peter pappas sentenced him to seven years in prison. john pleaded guilty to the 1993 charge and judge michael mulroy placed him on probation for five years.he was released from the wisconsin state prison system in june 1997 into an apartment on rose street operated by attic correctional services, where he stayed until he was transferred to the la crosse county jail in mid-october 1997 because of rules violations. his parole was revoked in january 1998 and he was sent back to prison. he was released again on oct. 6, 1998.john lived with his mother in her south side home after his release. soon after he arrived, the pair noticed a change in attitude from the usually friendly neighbors.neighbors even met with their alderman to express concerns about his placement. some circulated a petition to ask the wisconsin department of corrections to reconsider the placement.he said he has been lucky enough to find jobs, but it hasn’t been easy.“when you have to fill out that question, you know — ‘have you ever been convicted of a felony? — it’s hard,” john said. “and then you have to explain what it is.”he has lost old friends because they felt betrayed. his closest friends now are his co-workers.john establishes a trusting relationship with new friends before he tells them of the offense. whether they accept him, he said, depends on how he approaches them.“the whole difference is the attitude,” he said.his positive attitude attracted his fiancee, mary, 42, also not her real name, at work in 2002. she remembers how shy and nervous he was when he asked her out on their first dinner date.john knew after the date that mary was girlfriend material. he also knew he had to be honest about his past. “if i think that i’m great now, then why shouldn’t i tell her?” he said.still, he remembers stalling the revelation on their second date. when he finally told mary, she accepted the offense and didn’t judge him on his past.but mary had five kids. once the parole agent approved of their relationship and his presence around her children, the couple had to be honest with her kids. mary told her children they didn’t have to love john, but they had to treat him with respect.“there was such mixed reaction,” mary said. “i told them that they couldn’t judge him for his past — that i didn’t see that in him.”some of mary’s children have accepted john, but others refuse to be around him. that hurts, john said.he said offenders must constantly monitor their actions and their emotional state.“when offenders isolate themselves, it can lead to alcohol and drug use and pornography,” john said.he isn’t fond of sex offender location web sites such as www.mapsexoffenders.com, but he said they come with the territory.“it’s not something to broadcast. the people who need to know, know,” he said.john said his family was supportive so he didn’t succumb to loneliness, and therapy and group sessions have kept him on the right track. empathy for others, the fact that he doesn’t want to victimize his friends and family, and a desire to change prevent him from re-offending.“it doesn’t fit the standards i’ve set for myself,” he said.he wants other sex offenders to know that treatment can only be successful if they want to change. john encourages offenders to stay busy, follow the rules and to learn empathy for each other as they readjust to society.“everything is not fine and dandy, and it won’t ever be. period,” he said. “but you have to stay positive and keep pushing on.”



posted by richy at 9:28 pm
0 comments






friday, march 17, 2006




	 techknow: paranoid much?
	 



[17 march 2006]by yusuf osman & kimberly springeryou know how some people still fear that a camera turned on one's visage captures one's soul? well, some part of our selves is certainly caught up by today's 'watchful' technology....safety & security fun for the whole family can be found at mapsexoffenders.com. after checking a popup box agreeing not to do vigilante violence with information gleaned from the site, anyone in 42 out of the 50 states can enter an address and see where the local rapist, flasher and chester the child molester have decided to settle post-prison. since the service isn't available in the uk, i mapped my parent's address in the us: more than 50 sex offenders are in their area code. if teens are already used to being monitored, websites such as these both cautionary and highlight the vagaries of surveillance: if you commit the crime, do the time…forever. ...



posted by richy at 9:47 am
0 comments






tuesday, march 14, 2006




	 bso launches sex offender locator site
	 



posted: 1:45 pm est march 9, 2006broward county, fla. -- the broward sheriff's office has joined the campaign to help parents learn about any sexual predators that may be located near their child's home or school.thursday, sheriff ken jenne announced the launch of the bso sexual offender locator. every school, licensed day-care center, park and library in broward county has been preprogrammed into the mapping system.the sexual offender locator also allows individual addresses to be mapped as well. each inquiry will create a map, and pinpoint all offenders within a quarter-mile, a half-mile, or 1, 2 or 5 miles.the bso web site is at sheriff.org/sexualpredatorsbelow are some other helpful links that can help you do your own investigation of your neighborhood and the areas surrounding your child's school or daycare center.family watchdog (national site)the web site familywatchdog.us, launched in august 2002, shows the location of predators in comparison to schools and playground. no buffer zone is indicated.map sex offenders (national site)the free, map-based service mapsexoffenders.com allows you to search by clicking a map or entering an address. the service searches are available for 42 states, including florida. you can also sign up for emailed alerts if a sex offenders moves into an address near you.safe community networks (statewide)the statewide site safecommunitynetworks.com is offering free sign-up for a limited time. they also offer a premium for $25 that provides emailed updates.florida department of law enforcementfdle has a free online database that you can search by particular address or you can also search by name, address, city or zip code. the information is text only – no maps are included. local 10 did find some repeat and inaccurate listings in the database.miami-dade countythe county provides a sexual offender/predator search by address, intersection, landmark or school . map-based search allows you to zoom in and out on particular areas and locates offenders, schools and daycare centers.



posted by richy at 9:19 am
0 comments






thursday, february 23, 2006




	 special report: consensual sex offenders
	 



( air date: 2/22/2006 )high school students across southeast texas are getting ready for their junior and senior proms, but if your daughter’s date is too old he could be an accused sexual offender by the end of the night.the fact is: the lust and love between two young people can quickly turn into a legal nightmare.prom night can be a night full of fun, music, dancing and sometimes, sex. but even if the sexual contact is consensual it’s not always legal. texas law is why tony meinelt of vidor was forced to register as a sex offender at the age of 17.his mom now spends her time warning others of the law. “he was charged with aggravated sexual assault of a child because she was only 13. the whole time he thought she was 15”, said tana fillingame during an interview with kbtv`s rusty surette.tony died in a motorcycle accident in 2002 in beaumont.fillingame admits her son broke the law after having sexual contact with the 13-year old he met at parkdale mall, but it’s the punishment that she has a problem with. “it’s not just that he was labeled as a sexual offender, but he’s treated as a pedophile and there was nothing pedophile about him.”in fact, fillingame says her son and the girl never had intercourse and the touching in question was consensual.after his conviction tony was told to stay away from all children including his younger sister.“the state of texas determined he was a threat to his own family. he was not allowed at thanksgiving or christmas where children gather”, said fillingame.assistant district attorney for jefferson county ramon rodriguez says too many people are unaware of the law. “under 14, no child can have consensual sex”, says rodriguez.in texas sexual contact with a person between the ages of 14 and 17 will result in a charge of “indecency with a child”. this contact can be touching, kissing, conversation and intercourse.if convicted the accused will have to register as a sexual offender and that includes posting personal and criminal information on the net.http://www.mapsexoffenders.com/ is a common source to find information on registered sex offenders in texas.the accused may be able to fight the charge of "indecency with a child" in court if he or she is:-no more than 3 years older than the “victim”, -did not use force or threats during the act, -is not already a convicted criminal -and is not is the same sex as the “victim”.rodriguez says it’s important for texans to remember you can be tried as an adult at the age of 17.rodriguez stresses if the victim is under the age of 14 the rules change. the charge is no longer indecency with a child, it is sexual assault of a child.last year “the examiner” printed an extensive series on sex offenders similar to tony`s case. one issue was titled “jailbait”.reporter brenda stancil says the reports resulted in the largest reader response the paper has seen.fillingmore and others continue to fight to have the laws changed but for now the laws are enforced and rodriguez hopes all parents and educators will get the information to teenagers before they a risk with romance“if churches and school want to get involved that would be a wonderful thing”, says rodriguez.the following stats are provided by the u.s. bureau of justice:on a given day in 1994 there were approximately 234,000 offenders convicted of rape or sexual assault under the care, custody, or control of corrections agencies; nearly 60% of these sex offenders are under conditional supervision in the community. the median age of the victims of imprisoned sexual assaulters was less than 13 years old; the median age of rape victims was about 22 years. an estimated 24% of those serving time for rape and 19% of those serving time for sexual assault had been on probation or parole at the time of the offense for which they were in state prison in 1991. of the 9,691 male sex offenders released from prisons in 15 states in 1994, 5.3% were rearrested for a new sex crime within 3 years of release. of released sex offenders who allegedly committed another sex crime, 40% perpetrated the new offense within a year or less from their prison discharge.



posted by richy at 10:22 am
0 comments











about me

name:  richy 

view my complete profile

links

mapsexoffenders.com
mapsexoffenders blog
familywatchdog
familywatchdogs blog
us-sex-offenders

previous posts

sex offender halloween curfew
site alerts parents of predators
bus stop to be moved
warrants issued for 16 sex offenders
your agent is tops, but can she do this?
30 sex offenders found missing
keeping eye contact
jon benet ramsey in daisy dukes
internet sites cater to niche home buyers
proposed registry would pinpoint convicted drug de...

archives


state sex offender registry web sites

national sex offender registry
alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of   columbia
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine 
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi 
missouri 
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina	
south dakota	
tennessee
texas	
utah	
vermont	
virginia	
washington
west virginia
wisconsin	
wyoming	









 



