






























advanced study program | education, engagement & early-career development


advanced study program | education, engagement & early-career development






      skip to main content
    





main navigation



























contact us



search edec







education, engagement & early-career development


about




our programs


our resources


collaborate with us





what we do


public




nsf ncar explorer series lectures


nsf ncar-supported field projects


traveling climate exhibit


nsf ncar 360 virtual visits


visit us





students




advanced study program


being an intern at nsf ncar


undergraduate leadership workshop


nsf ncar earth system science internship


cisl summer internships in parallel computational science


eol summer undergraduate program for engineering research


research experience for undergraduates in solar and space physics


najeeb e. halaby graduate student fellowship


newkirk fellowship


ralph cicerone fellowship


student employment





postdocs




advanced study program


postdoctoral programs


career development for postdocs





early career




early career scientist assembly


early career training


early career calendar


early career resources 


contact us





university partnerships




early career faculty innovator program


geo reu community





events




upcoming


past


community calendar











search edec







contact us









 









breadcrumb


home


students


          advanced study program
        





advanced study program 

 

 

unlike other nsf ncar programs or divisions, the advanced study program (asp) does not have primary responsibility for any special area of nsf ncar science. instead, the asp mission, broadly defined, is to help nsf ncar (and the scientific communities it serves) prepare for the future. we work in support of other nsf ncar units, with these objectives:

stimulating the intellect of the research community
fostering the professional development of graduate students and postdoctoral fellows
promoting advanced scientific educational opportunities at nsf ncar
focusing attention on emerging areas of science
facilitating interactions between nsf ncar, universities, and the broader community













advanced study program







postdoctoral fellowship program


graduate visitor program


asp colloquia













 





asp postdoctoral fellowship program



the postdoctoral fellowship program provides an opportunity for recent ph.d. scientists to continue to pursue their research interests in atmospheric and related science. the program also invites postdoctorates from a variety of disciplines to apply their training to research in the atmospheric sciences.







 





graduate visitor program



the asp graduate visitor program is designed to provide nsf ncar staff opportunities to bring graduate students to nsf ncar for 3 to 12-month collaborative visits with the endorsement of their thesis advisors and in pursuit of their thesis research.







 





early career scientist assembly



the ecsa represents the interests of early-career scientists, voicing concerns, solutions, and successes from early-career scientists to nsf ncar and ucar management to guide institutional policies.







 





asp colloquia



asp hosts an annual colloquium exploring subjects that represent new or rapidly developing areas of research. the colloquium brings together lecturers and graduate students to nsf ncar for two weeks for classroom presentations, instruction and interaction.














 








ncar




ncar homepage
acom | atmospheric chemistry observations & modeling
cgd | climate & global dynamics
cisl | computational & information systems
edec | education, engagement & early-career development
eol | earth observing laboratory
hao | high altitude observatory
mmm | mesoscale & microscale meteorology
ral | research applications laboratory







ucar




ucar homepage
community programs
education & training
for staff
government relations & external engagement
member institutions
tech transfer & engagement
university collaboration






subscribe to ncar|ucar news





sign up

name






follow ncar|ucar















© 2025 ucar

privacy
cookies
web accessibility
terms of use
copyright issues
sponsored by u.s. nsf
report ethics concern
staff login



postal address:
p.o. box 3000, boulder, co 80307-3000
•
shipping address:
3090 center green drive, boulder, co 80301











this material is based upon work supported by the nsf national center for atmospheric research, a major facility sponsored by the u.s. national science foundation and managed by the university corporation for atmospheric research. any opinions, findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material do not necessarily reflect the views of the u.s. national science foundation.












