


cotse.net - a packetderm llc service













home

sign up!
login
menu





menu

home
notices
support
policies
contact us

close





cotse.net
your shield from the internet since 1999!









we do email right!
our service offers all the advantages of a privacy service, but what really sets us apart is our email system. it provides unmatched flexibility, enabling you to generate custom email addresses for each individual or organization you communicate with. our powerful anti-spam filters ensure that you can say goodbye to spam and unwanted emails, and you can even disable aliases that are being spammed without affecting any other emails. whether you prefer using your favorite email app on your phone, computer, tablet, or using our webmail, you can securely retrieve and filter emails from various other services and have them in one location. moreover, our unique redirect feature enables you to receive important emails without missing them, by setting up automatic forwarding to your phone via text message or another email address based on key words or phrases amywhere in the email. you have access to unlimited email addresses in 20 domains plus the ability to host mx for any of your own registered domains at no extra cost (there is no limit). experience a seamless email experience by giving our service a try.
more info...








why us over free services?
free services track everything you do through them.  in the best case scenario, they just sell this information, including your emails, searches, and online activities, to make money from targeted ads.  in the worst case, they are using this information for nefarious purposes.  we, on the other hand, are a privacy-focused service that charges a minor subscription fee to support ourselves. we don't track you, allow advertising, or sell any information. we've been been protecting our subscriber's privacy since 1999 offering useful services at a reasonable price. choose to sell yourself for free, or pay a small fee for privacy and peace of mind.








about us

										
										we are one of the oldest privacy services on the internet with a long history of trust!  we don't use flashy gimmicks or false claims. our service is straightforward, easy to use, and full of substance. we offer a comprehensive privacy service that can be tailored to your needs and grows with you.  we have been offering our services since 1999 and have earned the respect of our customers and the industry. our testimonials speak for themselves, including recommendations in respected privacy and security books. our reliable services and exceptional support have earned us a loyal customer base. try us out!
										
										
										






packages
we offer a number of packages to suit your needs. prepay and get one free month for every six months prepaid!


internet shield - $5.95 per mo
our internet shield package is the perfect solution for your online privacy and security needs. with this package, you get our advanced email service, an ssh proxy,  and web hosting (vpn can be added for another $5 per mo). protect your online privacy and security with our internet shield package today!


everything we offer! - $14.95 per mo
introducing our ultimate package - the all-in-one solution for your online privacy and security needs. our premium package includes everything we offer.  you'll have access to our advanced email service, vpn, and web hosting, as well as our ssh and socks proxies. don't settle for less when it comes to your online privacy - upgrade today.


vpn only - $5.50 per mo
only looking for vpn? our vpn only package, you can enjoy a private and secure internet connection without any bandwidth limitations. our vpn service encrypts your online traffic and masks your ip address, making it impossible for anyone to spy on your online activities.  compatible with a wide range of devices, including laptops, smartphones, and tablets and perfect for individuals who want to bypass geo-restrictions and access blocked content from anywhere in the world. whether you want to stream your favorite shows, play online games, or browse the web anonymously, our vpn service has got you covered.


e-mail only - ~$3.60 per mo
only looking for a reliable and flexible email service? look no further than our email-only package. with unlimited email addresses in 20 domains, plus the ability to add your own custom domains, you'll never have to worry about running out of email addresses. our unique server-side filters give you the ultimate control over your e-mail. you can even redirect specific emails to your phone or another email address so you never miss an important message. plus, with support for all popular email apps, you can access your email from anywhere. choose our email-only package for a secure, flexible, and customizable email solution.









© packetderm, llc. all rights reserved.













