











home | voices center for resilience




















      skip to main content
    
























main navigation




          about 


          about voices 


          history        


          milestones        


          sponsors        


          partnerships        


          donors        




          who we help 


          families of victims        


          survivors        


          responders        


          communities        




          our team 


          board of directors        


          staff        


          partners        




          get involved 


          support our work        


          careers & volunteers        


          internship        


          contact        






          support 


          9/11 community 


          victims’ families        


          responders        


          survivors        


          responder/survivor families        


          community resources        




          healing communities 


          support groups        


          communities in crisis        


          preparing for after resource kit        


          building resilience        


          preparedness        




          mental health conditions 


          depression        


          anxiety        


          ptsd        


          substance abuse        


          bereavement        






          resources 


          wolfgruber digital resource library 


          about        


          advisory board        


          faqs        




          digital library information 


          research        


          tip sheets        


          webinars & workshops        




          resource directory 


          organizations        


          government agencies        


          hotlines & help lines        






          programs 


          programs & services 


          consultation & referrals        


          support groups        


          parents helping parents        


          webinars & workshops        




          education & training 


          conferences & symposiums        


          preparedness training        


          voices of experience        


          tip sheets        




          commemoration & advocacy 


          9/11 living memorial        


          9/11 advocacy        


          memorialization        






          events & media 


          events 


          voices nyc symposium         


          always remember gala        


          11th annual golf outing        


          upcoming events        


          past events        




          media 


          voices news & updates blog        


          photo galleries        


          videos        


          newsletters        


          newsworthy        




          media resources 


          press releases        


          digital media kit        


          press contact        


















search
















donate now








































home





 















  nyc medical examiner update
  update: office of the nyc chief medical examinertuesday, february 25th - 12:00pm est
learn more


  preparedness training
  tuesday, march 18th - new canaan library
wednesday, april 23rd - darien town hall

learn more


  building bridges luncheon
  honoring gunnar esiason
april 9th | the country club of new canaan

learn more


  voices february newsletter
  stay informed & inspired!
view voices exclusive updates & insights!
learn more


  voices stands with la
  providing support and resources for
those affected by the los angeles wildfires
learn more







 

















from 9/11 to today, helping families and communities heal after tragedy 

















voices provides long-term support and resources that promote mental health care and wellness, for victims’ families, responders, survivors, and families of those who have died of 9/11 related illnesses; and assists communities in preparing for and recovering from tragedy.
 

  





voices news & updates - view all










 nyc medical examiner meeting  

posted on february 12, 2025



                  voices is hosting a private virtual meeting for 9/11 families with the nyc chief medical examiner, dr. jason graham and his team at the ocme. during the webinar they will provide updates on the notification and identification process.
             












 voices february newsletter 

posted on february 04, 2025



                  tomorrow – wednesday, february 5th at 7pm est - we are hosting a webinar presented by our good friend, dr. ken druck. in light of the la wildfires and other recent tragedies, dr. druck will share his expertise on healing after loss.
             












 surviving loss in tragedies 

posted on january 30, 2025



                  during this webinar, participants will learn to give themselves the permission, support, compassionate self-care and patience necessary to process their losses, honor their loved ones, cultivate a resilient spirit, and summon the courage to go on living.
             






 

















voices center for resilience upcoming events - view all









parents helping parents peer support group
 
february 19, 2025

 
9:30am – 11:00am
80 main st, new canaan, ct 06840











9/11 family member peer support group
 
february 24, 2025

 
12:00pm to 1:30pm est
online support group











9/11 survivor peer support group
 
february 25, 2025

 
12:00pm to 1:30pm est
online support group











update: office of the nyc chief medical examiner
 
february 25, 2025

 
12:00pm est
online workshop











bereavement group for those who have lost a loved one in the past 3 years
 
february 27, 2025

 
12:00pm to 1:30pm est
online bereavement group











peer support group for caregivers
 
february 27, 2025

 
12:00pm to 1:30pm est
online support group











9/11 family member peer support group
 
march 03, 2025

 
12:00pm to 1:30pm est
online support group











mindful moments | 03/07/2025
 
march 07, 2025

 
10:30am est
online workshop






 





















                           healing communities                        

tip sheets and resources to build a resilient community after tragedy.
read more












                           9/11 living memorial project                        

commemorating the lives lost from the september 11 attacks and its aftermath.
read more












                           sign up for voices news & updates                        

stay informed and inspired - sign up now for exclusive updates and insights!
read more





















discussion groups, support groups, webinars, conf/symp voices is honored to have the support of dedicated professionals and volunteers who participate in our programs, education and training, and events. their guidance has allowed us to expand our mission to serve other communities impacted by tragedy. 










 



 programs & services  
voices is committed to providing long-term support and access to resources, mental health care, and programs that promote resilience.











 



 webinars & workshops  
voices webinars & workshops provide support, healing and guidance from subject matter experts and an open discussion to ask questions.











 



 support groups  
voices has established multi-faceted programs that provide support and promote healing for families, survivors and responders.





















voices by the numbers voices by the numbers from 9/11 to today, voices had been assisting communities preparing for and recovering from tragedy, while providing long-term support and resources to promote mental health care and wellness. we’re proud to have helped so many victims’ families, responders and survivors. see our complete infographic. 













210000+
hours of social work services











23 years
of expertise























1950+
 responders & survivors aided











250+
student interns




















































“the effort of voices is inspirational and truly an example of good coming out of evil.”

christopher shays
former u.s. representative












voices center for resilience is a good example of a charity that has stood the test of time. this is an organization that has gotten stronger over the years and their reach and impact is literally in the thousands.

vincent lumia
managing partner at morgan stanley, which lost 13 colleagues on 9/11












in making the decision to go down there, it wasn’t really a decision of whether i would go, or what i would do, but rather, how do i get there fast enough?

ben tickner
volunteer responder












with voices support, wtc united family group has been able to enhance the bond that the 9/11 community shares with the oklahoma city bombing community.

anthony gardner
director of communications and external affairs, september 11th victim compensation fund












i love the living memorial because it shows that those who were lost on 9/11 were not statistics. they are persons. their personalities and everything about them comes through.

carol ashley
9/11 living memorial project participant, mother of janice ashley












these groups are a soft place to fall. when the rest of the world has moved on, we find ourselves wringing our hands and silencing our voices. in the group, we can talk about anything with people who understand.

teleconference support group member
sister of 9/11 victim












we cannot afford to ignore the important lessons we learned about the world and ourselves in the aftermath of 9/11. always remember is indeed a phrase we must live by, especially as we move forward into the 21st century.

former president bill clinton











 

















newsworthy - view all


n.y. police officer dies from cancer resulting from service at 9/11february 11, 2025
a former nassau county police department officer has died as a result of cancer from serving at ground zero after the 9/11 terror attacks, according to the officer down memorial page. officer philip schifini, 63, served with the nassau county police department for 28 years, according to the page. more.


fdny union reclassifies deaths of retired members as 9/11-related deathsfebruary 07, 2025
the uniformed firefighters association ( ufa ) has reclassified the deaths of two retired members of the fdny as 9/11-related deaths, according to a post on the union’s x, formerly twitter, page. more.




 

















voices podcasts - view all



approaching the holidays: managing stress and finding serenity
 
presented by: mickie brown, rn, hn-bc
 


coping strategies for adults and children 
 
presented by: dr. suzanne phillips and dr. craig haen
 





 


















online giving thank you for your support! 



































































































































































































 

































contact info


voices headquarters:

 80 main street, suite 5 
new canaan, ct 06840 
203-966-3911
info [at] voicescenter.org (info[at]voicescenter[dot]org) 









policies



about us
contact us
terms of use
 privacy policy









connect with voices



register with voices
facebook
x (twitter)











       





























digital media kit
press contact
 web mail
admin
donate


© copyright voices center for resilience 2024. all rights reserved. 













