



netsmart | home
































company

payment solutions
premium sms
direct carrier billing

messaging

contact us






company
payment solutions

premium sms
direct carrier billing

messaging







netsmart

global leader in mobile payments and messaging.
we provide partners with a wide range of custom-made
                                solutions in carrier billing, bulk messaging, content management and delivery, mobile marketing,
                                and customer interaction in key global regions.





our services












merchant






netsmart






operator






customer

 







trustworthy
                            service.
as a mobile payments aggregator, we deliver the technology which enables
                            monetization of content, services and goods through several billing methods across
                            the globe such as premium sms & direct carrier billing.
we are also a trustworthy partner for your bulk sms business. we provide
                            a reliable and effective sms gateway with a high level of throughput through direct links
                            to several operators and local partners, ensuring the highest quality of delivery for your bulk sms.






200+ million
transactions yearly


3 regions
europe, middle east, africa





experience and flexibility.
we are part of an international group of companies operating in the industry
                            for more than 20 years. sustainability is safeguarded by the group’s strong financial
                            position, investment in advanced technology and long-standing relationships with business
                            partners.
all our solutions are developed in-house for maximum flexibility while ensuring you get
                            the most reliable service. our platform provides a customizable billing and messaging interface
                            for rapid integration, allowing our partners to focus on their revenue growth. this is
                            supported by highly skilled personnel with diverse backgrounds and expertise, ensuring a
                            high-quality service provision in a demanding international environment.




more than
20 years
of experience


4+ billion
transactions processed


4
payment methods







global solutions,
                            local expertise.



                            in summary, through long-running and well-established carrier relationships, supported by
                            local offices in europe, middle east and south africa, netsmart
                            provides global partners with a wide range of custom-made solutions in carrier billing, bulk
                            messaging, content management and delivery, mobile marketing and customer interaction.

                        



25+
countries







reasons to work with us.




                                        pricing

timely payments.

clear breakdown of fees.
price visibility.





robust
                                        platform

services can be fully customized to our clients’ requirements
                                            by our in-house experts.
                                        
our global api allows a single integration point for all of our
                                            clients’ messaging needs.
                                        







safe and
                                        secure

the advanced technology platform is hosted in the group’s own,
                                            highly secured data center.
                                        
business continuity is secured by 24/7 support and
                                            backup/disaster recovery sites.
                                        





compliance

we provide local compliance and regulatory assistance to our
                                            clients.
                                        
our ability to offer a fully customizable service ensures
                                            compliance to laws and regulations for the core functions of the service
                                            (messaging, routing, billing, and reporting).
                                        










by working with us,
                            you will get a reliable business partner
                            that can adapt to each need,
                            develop custom solutions for you and dedicate all efforts to ensure mutual prosperity and
      growth.







payment solutions
seamless transactions.















mobile payments are an increasingly attractive way to pay because they are secure, fast, and
          convenient. 
in fact, end users don’t have to register or provide excessive personal data;
                            they  just need to send an sms and the transaction is
                            completed.



we offer mobile billing through premium sms (psms mo/mt), direct carrier billing, and
                            flexible opt-in solutions that enable high conversion rates, providing  “single-click”
          payments where available.
                        






































                            accepting mobile payments means exposure
                            to potentially billions of mobile users worldwide,
                            instantly.

                        

netsmart mobile payment methods
                            include:




premium sms









direct carrier billing
                                









premium sms

mobile payments through premium sms (mo/mt) are one of today’s most
                            popular micropayment channels. it is one of the simplest and most widely available payment
                            methods, because all it takes is to send and receive an sms message – a feature
                            supported by every mobile phone. 





the mobile user clicks on call-to-action button
sign up







page with instructions opens and following the instructions the user
                                    sends an sms to a shortcode










the requested amount is charged to their mobile phone bill.
                                






benefits ofpremium sms


global reach
high conversion rates compared to credit cards – no error-prone form fills needed.





fast and easy activation with dedicated or shared sms shortcodes

available as both one-time purchases and subscriptions







                        use cases for
                        premium sms
                    




interactive services
accept sms payments for interactive media services, televoting and
                                    donations.
                                











in-app payments
enable mobile app users to pay for in-app content
                                    using sms messages.
                                







ticketing
provide ticket purchases for transportation or events with sms.
                                












direct carrier billing

also known as direct mobile billing, direct-to-bill and direct operator billing,
                            dcb is accessible to any smartphone owner having a subscription or
                                a prepaid account with a mobile operator.
the transaction is entirely secured and does
                            not require any personal or banking information.





the mobile user clicks on a call-to-action button
sign up







the user receives a confirmation sms with subscription
                                    information and login credentials










the purchase is then added to the mobile bill or deducted
                                    from prepaid account, without any further action on the user’s part, nor any
                                    additional costs.
                                






benefits ofdirect carrier billing


access to new users.
simple and fast checkout.




flexible charging frequency and price.
available for both one-time
                                purchases and subscriptions.
                            







                        use cases for
                        direct carrier billing
                    



apps, games, sports









music & videos






ticketing







ebooks







in-app payments






news













mobile messaging
effortless communication.


from small and medium to large-sized businesses, our business sms solutions will
                            transform your communication by  informing your customers and
                                suppliers of time-critical information through sms messaging. sms is the most
                            immediate, personal and cost-effective channel.
smartphones are integral to our modern lifestyle, and they’re here to stay.
                            stay connected with your customers anytime, anywhere with
                            netsmart. send updates, offers and reminders with our easy-to-use netsmart messaging system
                            and cost-effective mobile messaging.





























































we specialize in offering low-cost sms solutions for alert services, campaigns
                            to promote your offers, two-factor authentication using  one-time
                                password (otp) with sms, voting, polls, competitions etc.
                        


we offer bulk sms solutions ranging
                            from a few hundreds to tens of thousands of smses, with easy setup and affordable prices.


with tailored apis and technical support our sms solutions are
                            easy to integrate.






mobile messaging is the most
                            direct way
                            of reaching your
                            audience. 
to find out more about
                            our messaging services and how
                            we can benefit your business
                            contact us.








contact us
personalized assistance.




we believe that nothing should stop your business from reaching its potential, which is why
                            we have knowledgeable, helpful staff ready to answer your questions.
whether you’re just getting started with mobile messaging & payments or are looking to expand
                            an existing or complex strategy, our team is on hand to help find the best solutions for you
                            and to offer support whenever you need it.





full name



email


phone





submit







regulatory
privacy policy
terms and conditions


 © netsmart 


























