














home | hudson river-black river regulating district




























































 your browser does not support iframes 







corporate
reports, policies & procedures
links
accessibility
employment opportunities
contact us
 
 








 



 



 




upper hudsonriver watershed
black riverwatershed
gauge data andreservoir release
gsl permitsystem
news &bulletins

conklingville dam –e.j. west agreement


boardmeetings
corporate
reports,policies &procedures
links
accessibility
employmentopportunities
contactus
doing business
forms &applications
sacandagaweb camera
 


select page


  















albany - march 1913








albany - march 1913








conklingville dam








stillwater dam








old forge dam








sixth lake dam








indian lake dam










arcadis presentation on old forge & sixth lake dam rehabilitation project
 
bergmann presentation on indian lake dam rehabilitation project
 
great sacandaga lake web cam
 
harnessing nature: building the great sacandaga
 
online access permit system
 
 
 










general information
the hudson river-black river regulating district is a new york state public benefit corporation that protects public health and safety by regulating the flow of waters in two great neighboring watersheds in the adirondack region: the upper hudson river and the black river.
conklingville dam on great sacandaga lake
established by the new york state legislature (article 15 title 21 of the environmental conservation law), the regulating district works year-round to reduce flooding caused by excess runoff and augment river flow when river flows are low.

what is the regulating district’s mission?
what does the hudson river-black river regulating district do?
why did new york state form the regulating district?
how did the regulating district evolve?
how does the regulating district operate the reservoirs?
how is the regulating district funded?
why is the regulating district vital for new york state?

for information about the hudson river area apportionment, please go to the hudson river area apportionment page.
click to enlarge (pdf)click to enlarge (pdf)click to enlarge (pdf)

emergency reservoir information available at ny-alert (pdf document)

*the vertical datum upgrade and its effect on reservoir elevations*
vertical datum upgrade



i want to…



view sacandaga permit system
check water levels
ask a question



 
hours of operation

upcoming board meetings
regular board meeting – march 11, 2025 @ 10amsacandaga field office737 bunker hill rdmayfield, ny 12117
 
 
conference-in locations:
3920 n highway a-1-a,  clubhouse
fort pierce, fl 34949

please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone.
https://meet.goto.com/948620725

you can also dial in using your phone.
access code: 948-620-725
united states: +1 (224) 501-3412

get the app now and be ready when your first meeting starts:
https://meet.goto.com/installboard meeting minutes and videos
please note, meeting dates and locations are subject to change. board meeting information will be posted no later than 10 days before the board meeting.








connect with us

















 







 your browser does not support iframes 









 
 
 

























