






colonial brick company – specializing in chicago antique brick since 1968



































skip to content













menu


product

thin brick veneer
queen cut brick
reclaimed common brick
pavers and cobbles


brick cutting service
projects
about
contact
 










specializing in chicago antique brick since 1968 2222 s. halsted street. chicago, il 60608 | phone: 312-733-2600 | email 















menu


product

thin brick veneer
queen cut brick
reclaimed common brick
pavers and cobbles


brick cutting service
projects
about
contact
 















 







colonial brick is a distributor of thin brick veneers, cut from reclaimed chicago common brick. we are the oldest and largest supplier of antique chicago brick and pavers
our best-selling product, thin brick veneer, is available in several color ranges. it can be used indoors or out, and can be installed like tile without the added weight of a full-size brick.





learn more






















other products available from colonial brick


























queen cut brick



queen cuts are the remaining brick from our cut brick veneers. slimmer than full-size brick, queen cuts offer a modern look to brick 













reclaimed chicago common brick



the brick we reclaim from the demolition of old buildings was manufactured from the late 1890s through the mid 1960s. there are several color ranges available. these bricks can also be used as pavers in warmer climates. 













clay street pavers & granite cobbles



reclaimed from the streets of chicago and ranging in age from the mid-19th century to late 1920s, pavers & cobbles can withstand harsh environments and more weight than brick. 























sign up for our newsletter to stay informed on new arrivals, thin brick product updates, and closeouts or limited quantity brick







name

please enter your name.


email address

please enter a valid email address.




subscribe!



thanks for subscribing! please check your email for further instructions.
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.


















conveniently located just south of chicago’s loop in pilsen, we work with architects, designers, builders, homeowners and wholesale distributors across the country and worldwide for both residential and commercial projects, small and large.











need more info?
download our brochure (pdf) for brick and paver dimensions and more information.






download

























 










colonial brick co. 2222 s. halsted street
chicago il 60608
phone: 312-733-2600
hours our brickyard is open to the public monday through friday from 7:00 am to 4:30 pm
we are usually available on saturdays. please call to schedule.
our productsthin brick
queen brick
reclaimed brick
pavers & cobbles
 
visit us on houzz for more projects and ideas
 





© copyright 2019 colonial brick company. all rights reserved. site design & development by bluestem studio 




scroll to top












