





homepage - technology from sage



























































request a demo
menu 





  


products
talis aspire
talis elevate
talis courseflow
lean library
sciwheel
consulting
 

about us
about
careers
contact us
partners
 

resources
talis aspire resources
talis elevate resources
lean library resources
sciwheel resources
 

community
blog
events
whitepapers
advisory board
 







your library.
amplified.
technology from sage is a curated suite of library technologies that advance teaching, learning and research.
request a demo 








our suite of library technologies can work collectively or individually. you decide.






 
stepping up resource lists
talis aspire is a leading rls that connects faculty and students with relevant library holdings and integrates seamlessly with your existing systems.
learn more




 
smooth course resourcing
talis courseflow is an affordable solution for north american libraries to better manage course reserves and gain visibility of resources faculty assign.
learn more




 
giving your library a louder voice
lean library puts the library in your patron’s workflow, making resources accessible whenever and wherever your patrons need them.
learn more




 
boosting research
an easy and intuitive way to discover, read, annotate, write and share research. sciwheel is where research truly comes together.
learn more







technology from sage redefines and amplifies the power of the academic library.

we increase the library’s value both on and off campus, prepare your library for the future, and are backed by the sage name you already trust.



01

 

improve accessibility
enhance discoverability and streamline access to library holdings and oa alternatives.



02

 

enhance library impact
promote and increase usage of your library’s resources and services.



03

 

improve workflows
improve the patron workflow to increase productivity and efficiency.



04

 

save time and money
gain insights that support acquisition decisions and save time and money.








improving the workflow of
library patrons at all stages




14.5m					
references saved
 to sciwheel



500k+					
downloads of
 lean library



200k+					
class comments 
 on talis elevate



1.5m					
resources lists created
 on talis aspire







trusted by
universities worldwide




                 

                 

                 






don’t just take
our word for it











technology from sage is one of the most helpful companies i’ve encountered. i usually have a query about (talis aspire) at least once a week, and they always reply quickly, then resolve it within 24 hours! i wish all library product companies were like this.


 
gabriella williams
bangor university











sciwheel is the best scholarly tool i’ve seen so far, in terms of its practical usage!


 
shervin safavi, phd
max planck institute for biological cybernetics











the installation and ongoing dialogue with lean library was exemplary; always consistently helpful and very responsive.


 
andrew cheney, evidence services lead
nhs mersey care











the judges applauded lean library for the clear proposition that added real value for students and lecturers, bringing libraries into the 3rd millennium, starting with looking at how students work and replacing traditional approaches. judges were particularly impressed by ease of use, and a recognition of the social nature of learning in higher education


 
bett award 2022 judges
on lean library winning the higher education – digital learning product bett award











we’ve used lean library for several years and i’m going to be honest – it’s one of my favourite bits of library technology!


 
matthew smith, academic librarian
university of east anglia











for the university of gloucestershire, talis aspire is much more than just reading list software. it brings together learning resources from a range of sources and embeds them into our virtual learning environment.


 
james hodgkin, associate director and university librarian
university of gloucestershire











at the university of auckland, talis aspire is a key component of our collections strategy. we run daily reports to ensure that our purchases align directly with current teaching and learning at the university.


 
kirsty wilson, manager, collection development and access
university of auckland











talis elevate uses my institution’s existing lms, enabling me to develop a more transparent and adaptive design and delivery of flipped learning.


 
jasper shotts, principle lecturer, school director of teaching and learning
school of health and social care, university of lincoln











having invested so much time to provide our patrons with library training materials, we want to see them used. with lean library delivering our libguides into our patrons’ workflow, we have seen usage for a libguide increase by 450%


 
jason folkman, electronic resources librarian
utah state university











the university of east anglia library is at the heart of our beautiful norfolk campus. we strive to support our staff and students in pursuing their personal and professional success.
talis reading lists and lean library play an important role, as part of our suite of digital tools, in supporting teaching, research and point-of-need guidance here at uea. the uea library is delighted to be awarded “library of the month” by technology from sage. we are keen advocates of lean library and talis aspire, and look forward to our continued relationship as customers, users, development partners and the tfs community.



alli carroll, electronic services manager











the university of phoenix library is a fully digital library serving students worldwide. by utilizing advanced technology, we connect users with a vast array of information and resources, no matter where our students are located. our commitment to continuously improving the library experience drives us to eliminate barriers and ensure that all our constituents have equitable access to the information they need. we are honored to be recognized as the library of the month by technology from sage. this prestigious award is a testament to the strength of our partnership and our relentless drive to serve our community with excellence.



pj purchase, university librarian and director of university library


















ready to give it a try?
see how technology from sage can make a difference to your library, patrons and faculty.
request a demo 







complete the form below to download your whitepaper





name(required)

first name*



last name*


email(required)

institution/ organisation download whitepaperhiddenwhitepaper id hiddenwhitepaper name 
  








δ










products
talis aspire
talis elevate
talis courseflow
lean library
sciwheel
consulting
 

quick links
about
partners
careers
contact us
support
 

legal
product terms & conditions
privacy policy
publisher neutrality
 

stay in the know




subscribe to our newsletter to hear first about our latest releases, updates and more email address(required)


  








δ













© 2025, sage publications
design & build by future
































