community change inc. – educating and organizing for racial equity since 1968  skip to content     menu our teamstaffboardprogramstheory of changethe workaros/arom (anti-racism organizing in maine)awardscci antiracism leadership awardsdrylongso 2023resource centereventsupcoming eventswatering hole community gatheringconfronting white grievance virtual symposium 2024past eventspast watering hole community gatheringdrylongso eventsanti-racism organizing in maine (arom)2023 anti racism organizing in the suburbs (greater boston)confronting white supremacy symposium 2023 springour historysupport ccicontact us education, advocacy and solidarity to organize for changecommunity change inc. promotes racial justice and equity by challenging systemic racism and acting as a catalyst for anti-racist learning and action.what's new with cci?announcement: register now for the confronting white grievance virtual symposium 2024!upcoming events:watering hole virtual community gatheringconfronting white grievance symposium 2024aros/arom programming updates subscribe to our newsletter! name please enter your name. email address please enter a valid email address.  subscribe! thanks for subscribing! please check your email for further instructions.something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.  communitycommunity building is a powerful tool for creating positive change in society. it helps to bring people together and create a sense of belonging and shared values. organizations like community change inc are leading the way in building communities that are committed to making a real difference. through their initiatives they are inspiring individuals to take action and create lasting change in their communities.  changeracism is a deeply rooted problem in our society, but it doesn't have to be this way. change is possible, and it starts with each of us. we can all take steps to reduce racism in our communities and create a better future for everyone. our organization works to build anti-racism initiatives in communities across the united states.  connectconnecting with black communities is an important step in the fight against racism. it is essential to understand their experiences and perspectives to create meaningful change. we must also recognize the unique challenges they face and work together to create solutions that will bring about lasting impact. education, advocacy and solidarity to organize for changecommunity change was born out of the civil rights movement and in response to the kerner commission which named racism, not merely as an individual bias, but as an institutional problem that white people had a moral obligation to grapple with.cci has done what few organizations are willing to do: shine a spotlight on the roots of racism, while specializing in educating and organizing white people for antiracist action.in this troubled climate of 1968, horace seldon founded community change, driven by a paradoxical, but profound epiphany. for horace realized that although racism and its impacts were not merely about individual biases or personal choices, individual white antiracists, educated and organized, could and should work to end racism. grounded in his work as a minister, horace realized this while driving home after preaching an easter morning sermon in westfield, one week after dr. king’s assassination. from there he devoted his life to work against racism. today, we carry on that mission of organizing and education white folks with a similar zeal.  theory of change  we at cci understand racism to be more than individual prejudice and discrimination based on race. cci accomplishes its mission through education, advocacy and working in solidarity with others to organize for change.we believe that racism occurs when one group has the systemic power to institutionalize its prejudice in the forms of laws, policies, and ideologies that exclude and oppress other groups.historically, and presently in the united states, white men of wealth and property have had this power to create and control the institutions that govern the lives of all who live here.this has produced a system of advantage for white people who benefit from unearned privilege at the expense of people of color.we believe that this systemic or institutional racism is largely invisible to the white community.to counteract some of the devastating effects of systemic racism, many organizations provide essential human services to those in need. while we wholeheartedly support this work, our approach is different. we address the systems that create those needs in the first place.  our work  meet the teamcci works with a multi-racial constituency to equip people with the knowledge and skills necessary to take effective action, to support movement building tied to an action agenda, and to educate policy makers on institutional racism and its public policy implications.  view all staff  shay stewart-bouley executive director jake fahey aros coordinator daniel deangelis aros coordinator- ma donate to cci and become part of the movement!  donate today!  © 2025 community change inc  our teamstaffboardprogramstheory of changethe workaros/arom (anti-racism organizing in maine)awardscci antiracism leadership awardsdrylongso 2023resource centereventsupcoming eventswatering hole community gatheringconfronting white grievance virtual symposium 2024past eventspast watering hole community gatheringdrylongso eventsanti-racism organizing in maine (arom)2023 anti racism organizing in the suburbs (greater boston)confronting white supremacy symposium 2023 springour historysupport ccicontact usfacebooklinkedin  close       