









homepage - stephen puleostephen puleo









































































home
events
books

the great abolitionist
voyage of mercy
american treasures
the caning
a city so grand
the boston italians
due to enemy action
dark tide
buy steve’s books


for and from readers

blog
archive
highlights
inside info
readers respond
what i’m reading
schools, book clubs


about steve
 











award-winning stephen puleo is the author of the great abolitionist, voyage of mercy, american treasures, the caning, a city so grand, the boston italians, due to enemy action, and dark tide.

































previous slide
next slide




















all the latest news about the great abolitionist!
to keep up with the most recent news on this book and future endeavors, please check out my inside info page. in addition to stunning images, upcoming events, and new projects, you can find information here shared first with readers on my mailing list.

one recently shared item is a column i wrote about the sumner-lincoln relationship. click the link below to find the history reader, an outstanding history website hosted by macmillan publishing, the parent company of st. martin's press, which published the great abolitionist. i hope you'll enjoy "charles sumner witnesses the abraham lincoln magic." there are many examples of how sumner and lincoln learned from each other. one of those occurred in april 1865 at general ulysses s. grant's headquarters at city point, virginia, when sumner witnesses lincoln's strong connection with front-line soldiers.
discover the history reader





events



march 2
the great abolitionist
goodnow library (sudbury, ma)
21 concord rd 
sudbury, ma
3:00 p.m.




march 5
the great abolitionist
boston public library
rabb hall, lower level
700 boylston st. (copley square)
boston, ma
6:00 p.m.




march 11
dark tide
girls latin school alumnae association (glsaa) 
webinar 
(this is a private event.)


see complete calendar



the great abolitionist receives two “starred reviews” from major pre-publication reviewers!
i was honored that my upcoming eighth book, the great abolitionist: charles sumner and the fight for a more perfect union (april 2024 – st. martin’s press), has received outstanding “starred reviews” from kirkus reviews and publishers weekly – two of the most influential pre-publication reviewers!

kirkus said in part, “[the great abolitionist is] a wonderfully written book about a true american freedom fighter.” read the full kirkus review here.

publishers weekly said in part: “readers won’t be able to get enough of puleo’s indomitable sumner.” read the full pw review here.

i’m grateful for these wonderful reviews.  i hope you enjoy the great abolitionist just as much!

explore the great abolitionist






 the great abolitionist: charles sumner and the fight for a more perfect union  
my eighth book, the great abolitionist, is the first full biography in more than 50 years on u.s. senator charles sumner of massachusetts, an antislavery and civil rights hero. 

we have launched our new section dedicated to the great abolitionist, so please have a look. it contains excerpts, book club study questions, pre-publication reviews, and more.
“when it comes to impeccable research – the kind that surprises and never rehashes – no one does it better than stephen puleo.the great abolitionist is a literary and historical triumph and is sure to be on many year-end “best” lists in 2024.”
gregg olsen, new york times and amazon charts bestselling author of the amish wife and if you tell: a true story of murder, family secrets, and the unbreakable bond of sisterhood.

buy the great abolitionist
amazon
barnes & noble
books-a-million
bookshop.org
macmillan pub


find the latest inside info












breaking news
read my newest blog

                        i hope you’ll check in frequently to read my blogs and other writing — including excerpts from my books — that will give you a sense of what i’m interested in and excited about. if you have thoughts and opinions, or ideas about a future blog topic, feel free to share with me at spuleo@aol.com.            
read latest blog entry here










                                            thanks for spreading the word and see new reader responses!                        



i hope that you and your friends are already members of my mailing list or have connected with me on social media. if not, all you need to do is give me your email at a presentation, contact me at spuleo@aol.com, or fill in the email box below. once you receive my newsletter, feel free to forward it to your friends, connect with me by email or on my socials, and visit this website to learn more about my books, events, and other interesting information, like how readers respond to my writing.
what readers are saying








                                            how high schoolstudents inspire me!                        



each time i visit a high school, i leave encouraged and filled with gratitude. i find the students to be engaged and enthusiastic – some of the best questions i receive come from high school students. the kids are eager to learn and enjoy taking part in discussions. and most often they do so with a great attitude and sense of humor. visit my schools page to learn more about my feeling on this topic and my numerous school visits!
more on schools








                                            need a “dining room” inscribed book?                        



if you’re unable to attend one of my appearances, a “puleo dining room signing” might be for you. let me know if you’d like an inscribed or autographed book for a friend or loved one (or as a gift to yourself!). email me at spuleo@aol.com to find out how to get your copy. i’ve done this many times for readers and it has worked out well. to fulfill your request in time, though, please contact me as soon as possible. thanks, as always, for your support!
more highlights here



































about steve stephen puleo is an author, historian, teacher, public speaker, and communications professional. he has published eight narrative history books, taught college-level history courses, made more than 700 speaking appearances, and created writing workshops for both students and adults.

email steve at spuleo@aol.com.





keep up with stevesee where steve will be appearing next.
upcoming events
 steve donates a portion of his book proceeds to the juvenile diabetes research foundation (jdrf). jdrf is the leading charitable funder and advocate of juvenile (type 1) diabetes research worldwide. if you would like to support steve’s charity, tax-deductible donations can be made to the jdrf, referencing megan’s marchers. to learn more about juvenile diabetes, visit www.jdrf.org.






sign up for exclusive news


















© copyright 2025 stephen puleo.















