



mroh - mission reach out haiti











  
education, nutrition, child development and evangelism in haiti since 1982
just $20 a month will feed, educate, and providemedical care for a poor haitian child























"eileen and pastor donald havrilla, of the southampton full gospel church and founders of mroh in leogane, haiti in 1982."




"students on their way to school"










mission reach out haiti is a non-profit humanitarian organization committed to improving the quality of life for the people of haiti.


we believe the most effective way to change lives is through a combination of spiritual, nutritional, and educational methods. 


since 1982, mroh has been an outreach ministry of the southampton full gospel church in southampton, ny


80% of mroh funding comes from individuals who sponsor a child for $20 a month. we could not operate this mission and help so many children without their monthly support.


mroh does not believe that the key to haiti's future is another "welfare" program. this neighboring country's future depends on the development of her children into strong, responsible, christian leaders able to have a positive impact in their communities.


our present field staff consists of 100 haitian men and women training up the next generation of christian leaders. that's what mission reach out is about!!!













mroh home page
mroh response form
mroh education
mroh nutrition
mroh evangelism
mroh child sponsorship
mroh future goals
fast facts on haiti
brief glimpse of haiti's history
come visit us in haiti



earthquake update
we survived the recent quake in haiti and are currently rebuilding to repair damage to our site.as always your prayers, donations and assistance in any manner are greatly appreciated.


  
please send your tax-deductible donations made payable to: mission reach out haiti
mission reach out haitisouthampton full gospel churchpo box 126, 130 county rd. 39southampton, ny 11969phone: 631-283-6829fax: 631-283-6846e-mail: haiti@missionreachout.org
mroh 
        home page | mroh response form | 
        mroh education | mroh nutrition | mroh evangelism | mroh 
        child sponsorship program | mroh future 
        goals | fast facts on haiti | brief 
        glimpse of haiti's history | come visit us in haiti












