moosehead hills cabins - rustic luxury log cabin rentals             

view photos
menuhomeour cabinsburnt jacket lodgeloon lodgekineo cabinseboomook cabintomhegan cabinpoliciesthings to domake a reservationeventscontactdirectionsstay connected


type and press “enter” to search

search for:


rustic luxury log cabin rentals at moosehead lake, mainechoose between two spectacular lakes when you visit us at moosehead hills cabins. at our home base on moosehead lake, our log cabins are perched on 50 acres of breathtaking views, with nature trails to our waterfront. across town on another large lake—crystal clear loon lake (aka wilson pond)—we have a log cabin with a private waterfront and equally stunning views. experience the majesty of moosehead lake by hiking, going on a moose safari, or trying your hand at mushing a dog sled. snowmobile from our cabins onto several hundreds of miles of trails. there is magic in the wilderness here that will remain with you long after you leave.view cabinscheck out our newest cabin with the best views in the region! – burnt jacket lodge
  
 rentals include2 or 3 bedroomsdeckgas fireplace in the cabinfull bath or whirlpool tubgas grill in summerair conditioner in summerkitchen and appliancesuse of dock & kayaks in summeroutdoor campfire in summerplus so much more!enjoy our beautiful sunsets, and the views of the lake and mountains from the deck of your log cabin.photo gallerya small preview of what you will find at moosehead hills cabins.50 acres of nature trails, waterfront, and maine goodness everywhere!enjoy the maine wilderness experience with the adventures and services that are available here at moosehead lake. give your family and friends the true gift of an unforgettable adventure together.b-52 crash sitecross country skiingdogsleddingdownhill skiingfishinghikingice fishinginflatable kayak tripssteamboat ridesice cave excursionskayaking and canoeingmassagemoose tourssnowmobiling and atvsnowshoeingtarget shootingwhitewater raftingmore about things to do

facebook


instagram


trip advisor
moosehead hills cabins(207) 280-8955
northwoodsmainecabins@gmail.com
418 lily bay road
moosehead lake
greenville, me 04441
© 2025 moosehead hills cabins
website design:  barry costa
privacy policy

  we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. in case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptcookies


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.


necessary                            

 necessary 

always enabled                                necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.

functional                            

functionalfunctional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

performance                            

performanceperformance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

analytics                            

analyticsanalytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

advertisement                            

advertisementadvertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.

others                            

othersother uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
save & accept           

