








the sims 2 - thesims2website.co.uk














































 
 
 


thesims2website.co.uk

the sims 2
posts
 

thesims2website.co.uk









 



the sims 2
posts





 




one of the most popular games ever created, dan adams really took a swing out of the blue creating sims. no one could foresee the huge success that the game would bring and how many endless hours was spend in grooming cleaning and working on your simions social skills. a bit quirky view of an every day life dragged to it’s edge on what and what not could happen in an everyday life. a little bit like truman show meets well my real life. first game was released in 2000 and after 8 great expansion packs containing furnitures, outfits, animals, wall papers and clowns lots and lots of clowns… finally the released the sims 2.
with sims two you where no able to follow your sim to work, travel to distand places and other neighbourhoods meet real friends online. buy cars. the sky is the limit.
we can only conclude it is just as good as sims original with better graphics better ai, better things and also online so you play with real friends you can travel. ok so conclusion is like the original but you take smack,, crack, lsd at the same time. it is a ride that you don’t want to miss and it will get you addicted in no time. and we have to say this due to legal crap, we do not support any kind of use of drugs so keep it to playing the sims 2.
here is a small review made for the game so you can see it first hand how it looks.

the sims universe
as the sims 4 is about to release and it is now the biggest real life simulator in the world the franchise is expanding to selling the sims bags clothes. now you can design your clothes in the sims and then order it home so you and your sis could match clothes. another rumour we have heard is that they are creating the sims online slot. rumours says that both microgaming and playtech has been in discussion with the sims founder dan adams in order to acquire the license right to create the first sim videoslot. for this we refer to www.casinolounge.co.uk for more information. it is a website that keeps track of all online casino events and game releases in the uk and if the rumours are true they are one of the first ones to announce it.
for more information regarding the new game sims 4 check out their official website. http://www.thesims.com/
we hope you enjoyed the reading and keep playing sims for the love of god. we are excited to try out sims 4 but imagine when the sims comes to virtual reality. that could just be mind-blowing. hopefull dan will read this and stop whatever he is doing and get straight on to creating the sims vr.

 
 
 









recent posts


the sims 4 athlete career – what to do and how to do it?


sims 4 get famous: social media & influencer guide


the sims 5 is coming – here’s what we know


the sims 4: discover university – 101


reasons why the sims is one of the best games ever created


archives

september 2022
january 2022
december 2021
june 2021
january 2021
march 2020
february 2020
january 2020
september 2019
december 2018
june 2018
february 2018
january 2018
december 2017
september 2017
january 2016

categories

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org













		
  		 copyright © 2025 thesims2website.co.uk, all rights reserved  | wp casino theme by flytonic.
  		
  		
		





