



 



welcome to the east kingdom | society for creative anachronism











































































february 11, 2025 - court summons for kingdom bardic champions read more


december 17th, 2024 — next crown tournament! read more


december 16th, 2024 — spring crown tournament announcement from trh read more












 menu

news
branches
events

event calendar
events map
add new event
events calendar sync
planning calendar


royalty

their royal majesties
their royal highnesses
the royal court of the east kingdom
crowns of the east


officers

arts and sciences
brigantia herald
chancellor minor
chatelaine
chronicler
diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
earl marshal
exchequer
minister of the lists
kingdom seneschal
tyger clerk of the signet
webminister


resources

announcements
law & policy
east kingdom wiki
order of precedence
ek graphics library
official ek discord
tyger camp


awards

award recommendations
orders and awards


 










photo by sandy casanova of casanovaimagery.com 









the current middle ages await





new to the sca? check out our newcomer's guide
learn more






welcome to the east kingdom
the east kingdom is a part of the society for creative anachronism, inc. (sca), an inclusive community pursuing research and re-creation of pre-seventeenth century skills, arts, combat and culture. the lives of participants are enriched as we gain knowledge of history through activities, demonstrations, and events. the east kingdom covers eastern pennsylvania, eastern new york, delaware, new jersey, connecticut, rhode island, massachusetts, vermont, new hampshire, maine, quebec, prince edward island, nova scotia, new brunswick and newfoundland.
the sca is a place where you don’t just watch – you participate! every person plays a part in creating the the atmosphere and participates in whatever activities and studies they find interesting. for some this means making period clothing. for others it means learning calligraphy, armored combat, fencing, archery, dancing or countless other activities that interest them.
we organize events (what we call our gatherings) nearly every weekend. some events feature tournaments and feasts, while others specialize in learning more about particular crafts. the summer months often feature full weekends of activities. come join us! we’re happy to help you get started with whatever already interests you, or help you explore and find new interests.
the society for creative anachronism, or sca, is an international organization devoted to the research and re-creation of pre-seventeenth century skills, arts, combat, culture, and employing knowledge of history to enrich the lives of participants through events, demonstrations, and other educational presentations and activities.







their royal majesties matthew and fiamuin visit site 







their royal highnesses ryouko’jin and indrakshi visit site 


 



royal progress events




02/22
tournoi d'escrime de la couronne de l'est et 20e anniversaire de l'investiture baronniale de l'île du dragon dormant -  ek crown's fencing championship & idd's 20th baronial investiture anniversary      





03/01
crown's arts & sciences champions competition      





03/0803/16
gulf wars 33






03/15
black rose ball with investiture    





03/29
mudthaw xliv        






04/05
coronation of ryouko'jin of-the iron-skies ii and indrakshi aani aravinda ii  






04/12
29th balfar’s challenge           





05/0205/04
crown tournament of ryouko’jin and indrakshi  





05/3006/01
southern region war camp, and possible baronial investiture  





06/1206/15
les beltaines xxxvii 





06/2706/29
northern region warcamp 





07/1007/13
great northeastern war xxxvii  








all upcoming events





 trm will be in attendance
 trh will be in attendance






the east kingdom covers eastern pennsylvania, eastern new york, delaware, new jersey, connecticut, rhode island, massachusetts, vermont, new hampshire, maine, quebec, prince edward island, nova scotia, new brunswick and newfoundland.
find your local group 





 

newcomer's guideare you new to the sca? we’ve compiled a guide to help get you started. 

get started! 



 

help wantedlooking for ways to help give back to the kingdom? 

get involved 



 

add an eventwant your event on the kingdom event calendar? 

post your event 








©2025 east kingdom, society for creative anachronism

sca, inc.
disclaimer
 



news
branches
events
royalty
officers
resources
awards
 







multilingual wordpress with wpml
