





rv kountry - fort myers, fl - selling consignment rvs since 1981 - offering new & used rvs, motorhomes, fifth wheels, towables and more for sale

































































						sell your rv
					











get approved







toggle navigation
 
 
 




home

inventory

showroom
all inventory
new inventory
pre-owned inventory
get a quote
finance
sold units
rv insurance
value your trade
schedule a viewing
promotions
contact us



consignment





boats



park models



mobile homes


golf carts


parts & service

parts department
parts request
service department
service request



financing



financing calculator 



about us

about us
locations & hours
park information

						extended service plan

employment

newsletter signup
read testimonials
submit a testimonial
contact us
photos


contact us
















rv kountry

5236 orange river blvd
 fort myers, fl 33905
us

phone: 
email: sales@rvkountry.com

fax:
			(239)-690-2513


















consignment
inventory
financing




list for consignment
what sets rv kountry apart from other consignment dealers? our focus is consigning and selling your rv and educating the buyer. we pride ourselves on excellent customer service
resulting in positive outcomes for both consigner and buyer. we are a straightforward
business without all the bells and whistles that eventually cost you the consumer more
money. 
learn more!


view our inventory
we sell all kind of motor homes, different sizes, years and more. our selection of motorhome
includes: diesel rv, gas rv, class a, class b, class c, truck camper, fifth wheel, campers and
much more for affordable prices.






for sale
new
pre-owned











apply for financing
we provide easy and quick finance that would help you to come closer to your ultimate rv. apply today so we can get you the financing that you deserve!

learn more!















sell on consignment
learn how







 
 
motorhomes
view inventory








towables
view inventory








service
click to view









 
 

visit us in fort myers

fort myers location









visit us in north fort myers

north fort myers location

















rv kountry
since 1981

rv kountry is the oldest consignment rv business in lee county florida.
family owned and operated since 1981. the rv business has been the
bloodline of the henkel family since everett henkel sr. opened the first rv
dealership in 1968 and is still in business today. what sets rv kountry
apart from other consignment dealers? our focus is consigning and selling
your rv and educating the buyer. we pride ourselves on excellent customer
service resulting in positive outcomes for both consignor and buyer. we are
a straightforward business without all the bells and whistles that eventually
cost you the consumer more money. “still selling consigned rv’s the old
fashion way, with honesty and integrity the way my grandfather has for
years” says everett henkel iii.


learn more!










customer testimonials



everyone was professional and very friendly in answering all of our questions. we ended up getting a good deal. we got a more than fair allowance on our trade and a very competitive price on our purchase. we traded in our travel trader on consignment for a 31' tracer travel trailer. thank you rv kountry and your staff! 
john tessman


thank you for making our rv purchase a positive experience. we love going rving with our children. what a fantastic family time we have together. we loved the family oriented business atmosphere and the customer service was very pleasant . thank you. the jimenez family  
brenda jimenez


thank you to brandon and tiffany allen at rv kountry! they have my living quarters trailer all ready to haul this season! i am very impressed with their service, prices, and thoroughness- not a detail was overlooked and they took care of everything for me so i don't have any surprises later! because everyone knows surprises are no fun when you have horses with you. people with rvs and horse trailers- make sure you check them out! .
angela curkovic naples, fl












fort myers location





5236 orange river blvd
fort myers, fl 33905
phone: (239)-690-2510







north fort myers location





1660 north tamiami trail
north fort myers, fl 33903
phone: (239)-656-6226







contact us


connect with us!




join rv kountry's mailing list!
















copyright© 2025 dealer spike  | all rights reserved

policy |
					privacy |
					terms |
					site map



























