










	midwest express: transportation services

































menu






midwest express


midwest transport refrigeration


contact us


contact a recruiter


apply now











company drivers and independent contractors welcome!!



















our mission is to provide top-quality transportation services that exceed our customers’ expectations.
midwest express, llc, is a family-owned business specializing in refrigerated transportation based out of grand island, ne. we’re a diverse company made up of company drivers and independent operators dedicated to professionally serving our customers. midwest express, llc operates with 50 tractors and 125 refrigerated trailers.
we are big enough to serve you but small enough to provide professional and personalized service. we focus on the center of the country from grand island, ne into illinois, wisconsin, and denver. additionally, we operate weekly in ia, mo, tx, and the southeast. we are eager to continue new growth to help meet our customer’s needs.
in november 2019, midwest express, inc became midwest express, llc as we joined forces with american foods group (afg) in green bay, wi. this union enables us to:

retain our core values, identity, and the reputation that we have spent decades building our name on.
continue to build on more lanes and destinations.
keep the family business atmosphere where every employee is appreciated and valued for the work you do.
offer an efficient work environment with upgraded it and industry-leading affordable benefits.
expanded networking with like-minded individuals that truly have your best interests at heart.

contact a recruiter
why join our team? because when you work with us, you are family. you will go to work every day knowing that what you do has a real impact on real people. what is better than working at a job you love that offers affordable benefits, competitive pay, and multiple home time options?
we strive to provide our people with an enjoyable work environment where all employees are challenged and rewarded.
benefits

multiple home time options (home weekly or longer time out depending on your needs)
affordable medical, dental, vision and a generous 401k match
paid time off
life insurance
short-term disability
long-term disability

apply now
home time









home every 2-4 weeks













                anthony
                     • 6 years

independent contractor
“midwest express is a very family-oriented company to work for. when i first started, i had a health issue and i was very pleased when mwx stepped in and helped me while i was out. since then, it has stuck with my heart how great this company is to work for and how great they treated their drivers.”




                eric
                     • 2 years

company driver
“at midwest express you’re more than a trucker you’re apart of the team. in fact you feel more like apart of the family.”




                dave
                     • 16 years

company driver
“midwest express is a great company to work for. home weekly, great benefits, competitive pay, with a small business atmosphere. these are all reasons why i am proud to drive for this family-oriented team here at midwest express.”













midwest express, llc
            308-833-7409
            2110 e. u.s. hwy. 30
            grand island, ne 68801
midwestex@americanfoodsgroup.com







© 2025 midwest express, llc all rights reserved.
  admin











