














robin hood -- bold outlaw of barnsdale and sherwood









































                        
                        main sectionsmain pagebeginner's guideliterary historyreal robin hoodrobin hood talesrobin hood spotlightinterviews in sherwood
                        
                        moreintro / what's newpersonal journeypicture gallerylinksgreen arrowpuck / robin goodfellowmessage boardsearchauthor bioprivacy policy


                        
                        faq









                    robin hood

                    bold outlaw of barnsdale and sherwood
by allen w. wright














explore the legend

robin hood resources onlinethe legendary outlaw has delighted audiences for over 600 years. this site offers original articles, exclusive interviews, ballads and stories, and in-depth reviews.

we have information on everything from the original medieval legend to the newest books, movies and tv shows.

nearly all the articles are written by allen w. wright, an independent scholar from toronto, ontario, canada. the site and its creator were featured on the tv documentary robin hood: the first outlaw hero. this site was established in 1997 and is constantly updated.




















                            a beginner's guide to robin hood
an introductory look at robin hood, the merry men, the sheriff of nottingham and the setting of the tales











wolfshead through the ages: the history of robin hood
an in-depth look at growth and development of the robin hood legend from the earliest ballads to the newest movies and tv shows










the search for a real robin hood:the facts behind the folklore
was robin hood real? a look at the various historical figures that may be the basis for robin hood, his friends, and his foes




















                            robin hood tales
a collection of ballads and stories -- robin hood's greatest adventures. learn how he became an outlaw and met little john and maid marian












                            robin hood spotlight
articles and reviews about robin hood books, plays, ballads, tv shows and movies. discover a new favourite.











                            interviews in sherwood
exclusive interviews with authors, actors and scholars behind the robin hood legend. includes interviews with some real sheriffs of nottingham



















                            introduction & what's new

                            a welcome message to the site and list of the most recent updates











                            robin hood: a personal journey
a personal look at the webmaster's interest in robin hood. includes tales of his trips to robin hood locations











                            robin hood picture gallery

                            images of robin hood throughout the years, including many pictures of the real sherwood forest











                            legendary links

                           links to other sites about robin hood, other outlaw heroes, medieval history, and more.











                            the blue boar inn

                            named after robin hood's favourite tavern, this message board welcomes discussions about the legend











                            robin hood faq

                            answers to basic questions about robin hood. the starting point to learn more











                    want to know even more about robin hood?here are some articles that may appeal to you.









robin hood on movies and tv  - looking forward to the 2018 robin hood film? learn about the history of the legend on film and televisionballads and background - a lot at the medieval beginnings of the robin hood legend
robin hood faq - the answers to your frequently asked questions about robin hood include links to further information
recommended reading and viewing - a list of children's books, adult fiction, scholarly studies, movies, tv and music. includes amazon links douglas fairbanks in robin hood - a special 100th anniversary spotlight on the silent film that transformed the legend
puck that shrewd and knavish sprite called robin goodfellow - trace that other puck through folklore and into modern pop culture, includes reviews of several movie, tv and stage versions of a midsummer night's dream
green arrow: bold archer - explores the history of the robin hood inspired superhero green arrow in comic books and tv
the adventures of robin hood starring errol flynn (1938) - spotlight review of the classic movie by which all other swashbuckling adventure films are judged
robin of sherwood (1980s tv series) - this mystical take on the legend is one of the best and most influential versions of the robin hood tale ever done. it stars michael praed as robin of loxley and jason connery as robert of huntingdon
robin hood -- prince of thieves with kevin costner (1991) - in terms of box office, one of the most successful robin hood movies ever. the quality is more debatable.
oo-de-lally: disney robin hood spotlight - a special section that review both the 1973 disney animated cartoon and the 1952 live-action film.
the robin hood: bold outlaw youtube lectures - in 2020 i started recording some videos about the robin hood legend. 
straight outta loxley part 1: a robin of sherwood 40th anniversary podcast - i am the co-host of a blake's 7 podcast, but we turned our attention to robin of sherwood to celebrate the 40th anniversary along with special guests. click here for apple podcast version.
straight outta loxley part 2: a robin of sherwood 40th anniversary podcast - we continue to cover robin of sherwood with special guests, including a new mark ryan interview. click here for apple podcast version.
straight outta loxley part 3: a robin of sherwood 40th anniversary podcast - we continue to cover robin of sherwood with special guests, including a new mark ryan interview and a lot at fandom around the world. click here for apple podcast version.
the hidden grove - don't know the username / password? help support the upkeep of my site and gain access to even more great articles












                    contact us























author bio                     site map                     site information                     support this site                     



                    â© text copyright 2023 allen w. wright - all rights reservedâ© photos copyright 2023 allen w. wright - all rights reservedrobin hood image by mike grell commissioned for this website




















