







warburg pincus | a leading global private equity firm
































































warburg pincus








firm
areas of focus
team
select investments
value creation
sustainability
news
careers
contact us
investor portal









the pioneer of private equity global growth investing

learn more





aligned interests so our management teams can thrive
a private partnership since our founding in 1966, we have the freedom to do right by our investors and management teams, consistently – unencumbered by outside pressures. we win, when we all win.

team
learn more





consistent track record of returns​​
our history is not just a record of the past, but a signal for what’s to come – where a continued ability to anticipate and navigate market shifts leads to more reliable growth in an unreliable world.

+ the stats






the stats


55+


years of growth investing




$120b+


invested




1000+


companies




$87b+


assets under management




280+


investment professionals globally




25+


sustainability / de&i memberships






bringing together deep expertise across sectors​
our team of 280+ investment professionals offers wide-ranging specialization across different ​sectors. aligned around ​our one firm model, we seamlessly bring these experts together to unlock cross-industry insights and opportunities.

+ areas of focus














areas of focus

business services
capital solutions
consumer
energy transition & sustainability
financial services
healthcare
industrials
real estate
technology





the insight of global expertise with the depth of local understanding
our global approach – diversified by sector, stage, and geography – helps us apply successful theses in new regions, bringing proven learnings to management teams all over the world, while relying on true partnership to tailor this knowledge to the unique needs of each business leader.

investments



60% of portfolio value created hascome from increasing operating profitsat the portfolio company level1

learn more

1 based on the firm’s analysis of the sources of its private equity funds’ returns commencing with wpep (1998) as opposed to the use of financial leverage of multiple expansion




partnering with agility
we help turn good businesses into great ones, collaborating with management teams to match our firm’s resources and experts where and when needed to realize greater value.

value creation
+ play video



















warburg pincus llc is the pioneer of global growth investing. a private partnership since 1966, the firm has the flexibility and experience to focus on helping investors and management teams achieve enduring success across market cycles. today, the firm has more than $87 billion in assets under management, and more than 220 companies in their active portfolio, diversified across stages, sectors, and geographies. warburg pincus has invested in more than 1,000 companies across its private equity, real estate, and capital solutions strategies. the firm is headquartered in new york with offices in amsterdam, beijing, berlin, hong kong, houston, london, luxembourg, mumbai, mauritius, san francisco, são paulo, shanghai, and singapore. for more information, please visit www.warburgpincus.com or follow us on linkedin.



contact us
linkedin



© 2024 warburg pincus llc. all rights reserved.     warburg pincus privacy notice     privacy notice     personal data request    legal disclaimer    forms 20-2 and 21-3








