









iowa whitetail – iowa deer hunting and land management information



















































 




















			skip to content		


		main navigation	



 






search for:









home
forums

all forums
new posts
find threads
watched
search forums
mark forums read


what’s new

new posts
new media
new media comments
new profile posts
your news feed
latest activity


media

new media
new comments
add media
your content
watched
search media
mark viewed


member’s

current visitors
new profile posts
search profile posts


blog
videos
store





join now to ask, comment, and connect!

loginregistercart 

















1st of 3
welcome to
iowa whitetail
watch this intro video by iowa whitetail owner, skip sligh, as he describes the purpose of our site and what you can expect to learn.
watch video










2nd of 3
how i got my
2022 iowa buck
quick story & video of the 6.5-7.5 year old bow buck from this past season.  long history with him.  1 of 2 i would have shot.
here's the story










3rd of 3
here's the story of
a 241" buck named angry
one in a million...the chances we have another deer like this on our place.  here's my bro's story.
watch video









prev
                
next
























  










about iowa whitetail
welcome to iowa whitetail. my name is skip sligh. iowa whitetail is here to give you the best information on anything that has to do with mature whitetails.
this is iowa whitetail hunting information you’re not going to find anywhere else. i’ve been hunting, growing mature whitetails, and improving farms for about 30 years, so i've made a lot of mistakes along the way. there are also a lot of things i've done that have worked really well.  iowa whitetail is unique because of the decades of experience you can access from its members. these guys have a lot of trial and error experience that they’re willing to share, completely free! we're not out to promote anything. we're not out to sell anything, and this isn't about making money. that differentiates us from any other source of deer hunting information!
on this website, you can learn just about anything you want relating to hunting deer or farming your land. from habitat improvement to soil sampling to buying or improving a farm to hunting tactics on mature whitetails, the folks on here have done this! we know what works.  here on our website, check out our forum and blog. you can also visit us on social media and our youtube channel. our goal is purely to help other people and be the best deer hunting information on earth, with the best motives behind it. thank you for visiting!
visit our forum























gray & black hat with gray brim



$27.00
rated 0 out of 5

add to cart









gray hat with black bill



$27.00
rated 0 out of 5

add to cart









black iowa whitetail hat



$27.00
rated 0 out of 5

add to cart









camo iowa whitetail hat



$27.00
rated 0 out of 5

add to cart






gear store





















free decal
with any purchase













30-days returns
money back  guarantee













your dollars
support iowa habitat conservation














new forum topics, recommended for you
all forums



 thoughts on ethanol and biofuelsi am curious as to what everyone’s...
hunterb  | feb 15,2025  |   hillrunner    replies | 

8 35 whelen brass and dye seti have 100 pieces of brass and a dye...
sd buck  | feb 15,2025  |   smithhunter1975    replies | 

1 s6 spartan gocamsfor sale is 6 spartan gocams. i've...
singlecoyote  | feb 14,2025  |   singlecoyote    replies | 

1 new bow purchase at scheelshas anyone purchased a new bow at...
tall@wide  | feb 13,2025  |   iowabowhunter1983    replies | 

10 muzzleloader soldgun is sold. thank you to all who...
150 class  | feb 13,2025  |   150 class    replies | 

0 see more







please support our
forum sponsors 























member photo galleries
view all










whitetail
view more











habitat management
view more











fishing
view more















featured videos























at what age does a buck grow his largest rack?






















managing veneer walnut trees






view all








from our blog
















12
apr






government lobbyists changing the future of hunting? a huntr podcast episode with skip sligh
in a recent episode of huntr podcast, skip sligh, a like-minded hunter who knows a thing or two about mature deer, was the guest. with skip’s experience hunting iowa and his property management practices, he shares his knowledge in this podcast. government effect on deer hunting skip and the guys dive right into topics such […]
read more… from government lobbyists changing the future of hunting? a huntr podcast episode with skip sligh















04
apr






planting corn for deer food plots
planting corn as a food plot for whitetails do not plant your corn too thick. planting depth: 1.5″-3” deep be careful, go slow, and check every 10 minutes (depending on how much you’re planting of course!) to make sure seed is in each furrow. visually inspect with a screw driver, making sure the seed is […]
read more… from planting corn for deer food plots














contact
policies
help
rss


youtube
facebook
instagram


©2025 iowa whitetail, all rights reserved. site by erdody studios.













