ï»¿



boutique hotel in the heart of key west | westwinds inn
















































skip to content



















book now







×
make a reservation




have a question?
844-308-0080















check in









check out








rooms




adults




children





promo code



book now























open menu






home
accommodations
specials
amenities

property map
on-site massage


web accessibility
explore

local events
dining
watersports
historic sites


photo gallery
contact us

faq








westwinds inn

914 eaton st
key west,
florida
33040
united states


 phone: 
844-308-0080



social





link to facebook
























 an old town 
key west hotel






 
when a guest stays at a key west collection by riley property they can expect to receive excellent service from a team of dedicated hospitality professionals, a comfortable and memorable stay, and a host of wonderful amenities; all of which are included in the properties’ daily room rate. this means that no guest of ours will ever pay a resort fee or a credit card processing fee.  each of our historic properties in old town offer different and unique experiences that include but are not limited to activity planning and concierge assistance, access to refreshing swimming pools, breakfast, free wifi, bag storage, great in-room amenities, and complimentary daily happy hour (available at select properties). we guarantee that our advertised daily room rate is what you pay with no hidden fees or surprises and just one of the reasons why so many guests choose to “make new memories with us.”














escape to paradise
key west hospitality
hospitality is the hallmark of each stay at westwinds inn. established circa 1900 and located in the historic seaport district of old town key west, our victorian-style inn still retains its original, pre-wwii charm while adding modern amenities like free wi-fi, air-conditioned rooms, and hdtvs. 


                              learn more
                         





































home away from home




















key westaccommodations
at westwinds inn, we offer 26 cozy rooms with soft beds and private bathrooms, bike rental, two pools and more. a complimentary breakfast is served daily poolside (rain or shine) from 8:00 am - 10:00 am.

learn more




















destinationvenues
whether you're on your honeymoon, celebrating a special occasion, or just need a tropical getaway, our hotel in the heart of old town is the ideal destination. our unique amenities and picturesque location provide you with the perfect backdrop for a memorable trip.

learn more




















































































sitemap


gallery


web accessibility


contact us






footer navigation for mobile

navigation




















westwinds inn

914 eaton st
key west,
florida
33040
united states


 phone: 
844-308-0080









sign-up to receive info on local events and special promotions. as a thank-you for signing up, you will receive 10% off of your next stay!
sign up now!











facebook


































hotel website designbyvizergy





scroll to top






call us


location


book now

































