







softstack - password & security 






 









            


access
            manager for windows

password protect your
            pc







access
              manager for windows allows you to restrict access to key
              features of windows, such as control panels or start menu,
              network, taskbar, desktop, system tray, network access control
              page, control internet usage and more. it can also disable the
              ctrl+alt+delete keys, the function keys at startup, allows to
              password protect windows and restrict users to running specific
              applications only, control internet usage, view statistics of
              computer use by your kids or employees and loads more. this
              program can lock your computer and ask for a password when windows
              loads. access manager for windows is just the thing for keeping
              employees , students or children from coming in and fiddling
              around with the computers. it has all the needed features to keep
              people from viewing or changing what you do not want them too.
              every network administrator should get this nice security program!
              very easy to use and very good documentation.



 



 




advanced mac mailer

new

professional mass 
			maler for mac computer










advanced mac mailer lets you send out personalized bulk messages 
			and handle multiple lists with unlimited number of subscribers. it 
			allows you to use message templates with embedded fields taken from 
			customer database to add personalized look to messages.

advanced mac mailer for panther

advanced mac mailer for tiger

advanced mac mailer for leopard

sadvanced 
			mac mailer for lion

advanced mac 
			mailer for mountain lion

advanced mac 
			mailer for mavericks

advanced mac 
			mailer for yosemite




 



 




best network security

new

the best solution 
			for corporate network








			best network security is the best solution for corporations, public 
			libraries, internet cafes, schools, universities and other 
			applications where administrator has to secure and maintain a lot of 
			network pc workstations located in different places. best network 
			security is intended for securing, protecting, and maintaining pc 
			workstations within a corporate network. supports over 600 different 
			security restrictions.




 



 




advanced internet kiosk

internet kiosk
			







advanced 
			internet kiosk is intended for building internet kiosks, public 
			access pcs, or in-store terminals. it lets you disable access to 
			files installed on your pc and prevent users from changing pc 
			settings while gives full access to all necessary applications you 
			specify including ie. as a result, many people may have free access 
			to a workstation you create, but none of them can damage (whether 
			accidentally or intentionally) vital system files or stuff hard disk 
			with garbage.




 



 




1st mail server

new

professional smtp 
			server







ultra 
			fast professional smtp/pop3 server program. can be used as a 
			corporate or personal server. use with any smtp compliant mail 
			client. accept mail on behalf of your users. simple, powerful and 
			bullet-proof. lots of security features to protect the server from 
			ddos attacks and block spam. multiple smtp gateways in case you 
			cannot deliver your email directly to the destination. use 
			parameterized mailing to send customized messages to many recipients




 




            




disk drive administrator

hide, lock, protect 
			disk drives.








			hide, lock and protect your local, network, floppy and usb drives, 
			and disable the autorun feature for them. disable the autorun 
			feature for individual drives or based on drive types to disable, 
			for instance, only all usb drives, regardless of the drive letters 
			that can be associated with them.




 



 




outlook express security

disable access to 
			outlook express







disable 
			access to outlook express and prevent your outlook express's data 
			from stealing or spoiling. it lets you lock outlook express and 
			password-protect the message base files and the address book.




 



 




smtp server pro

smtp server







this 
			is a powerful easy-to-use smtp/pop3 mail server program designed for 
			satisfying the requirements of huge organization in high-volume 
			messaging. it is simple, light-weight and reliable; it has security 
			features to prevent ddos attacks and block spam. it is also ideal 
			for laptop pc users who travel a lot and have to use different isp 
			on the run.




 



 




outlook express backup 
          restore


backup your outlook express 
                    data







backup 
            your outlook express and restore it including identities, message 
            rules, email accounts, preferences, blocked sender lists, 
            signatures, windows address book, favorites and my documents. 
            transfer your data between different computers when you upgrade 
            hardware.




 



 




advanced smtp server



fast smtp server







advanced 
            smtp server is a system-tray local smtp server program for windows 
            that lets you send email messages directly from your computer to 
            recipient mailboxes. the program insures your email security and 
            privacy and along with a subscription-based mass mailer can be used 
            as a relay server for sending requested newsletters, distributing 
            messages to different mailing lists, sending notifications to your 
            customers, as well as for sending personalized messages.




 



 




evidence exterminator




remove all evidence







did 
            you know that when you use windows, open folders, search for files, 
            work with various software, surf the internet, use online banking to access your accounts, and so on, information 
            about all your steps: all pictures you have seen, all passwords and 
            bank accounts you use is stored in various files and in the windows 
            registry?




 



 




1st mass mailer

send email and 
            manage mailing lists







this 
            is a very fast subscription-based mass mailer with a lot of useful 
            features. this bulk email program is used by many internet 
            professionals and on-line store owners, to notify their customers 
            about various events and send requested newsletters to promote new 
            products and services. the program lets you organize a subscription 
            on your web site, it's easy-to-use, and easy-to-configure. 1st mass 
            mailer allows you quickly import a list of your subscribers into its 
            internal database, do filter-based manipulations on the list, sort 
            and search for duplicate emails and enable or disable individual 
            subscribers.. free 
            download




 



 




advanced desktop 
          shield

secure and manage pc 
            desktop







secure 
            and manage pc desktop, install the program on public access pcs to 
            stop users from changing desktop wallpaper and screen saver, 
            deleting, creating and renaming desktop icons and changing display 
            settings. backup, restore and manage desktop layouts.




 



 




hide & 
     protect any drives

protect hard drive - 
            cd - dvd







protect
            hard drive, cd, dvd, floppy and flash, and deny access to 
            partitions of your hard drives. stop unauthorized software 
            installations and data leak by removable media.




 



 




          hide files & folders

hide files & folders 
            from viewing and searching









hide files & folders security utility you can 
                use to protect certain files and folders, or to hide them from 
                viewing and searching. the program asks password upon accessing 
                any protected file and gives access right after entering a valid 
                passwordl.. 
                more info   
                











 



 




email privacy

email security and 
            privacys







did 
            you know that when you send your email messages, they do not go 
            directly to the recipient mailboxes? did you know that first of all, 
            your internet service provider gets all your email messages, stores 
            them somewhere on its mail servers and then delivers the messages to 
            your recipients leaving copies of your messages in its database?...more 
            info




 



 




          easy file & folder protector

password protect files and folders







easy
              file & folder protector protect files and folders situated on
              local media of windows 95/98/me/nt/2000/xp with easy file &
              folder protector at windows kernel level. your can deny access to
              certain files and folders, or to hide them securely from viewing
              and searching.... more
              info



 



 



bulk
            email mailer

send email to your subscribers







bulk 
            email mailer is intended for sending email utilizing 
            subscription-based mailing lists. it's a useful tool for anyone who 
            needs to send requested newsletters or notifications to a large 
            number of subscribers. this program allows you create and manage 
            subscription-based mailing lists, and generate individual messages 
            while sending. you can create separate subscription-based mailling 
            lists, which contain information about your subscribers, messages, 
            and smtp servers used for sending your email messages.



 



 




          easy file protector

password protect 
            files and folders







easy 
            file protector is a very flexible password protected security 
            utility that restricts access to your files and folders by 
            user-defined time schedule. you choose users, define restricted 
            files/folders and time periods for them, and activate the program. 
            after that, your system disables/enables your files automatically 
            depending on current time and user. 



 



 



1
            click & lock

prevent unauthorized access to your pc







1click
              & lock up is a system tray security utility you can use to
              secure your desktop when you step away from your pc. it's secure
              and very easy-to-use. just define a password, and select lock to
              hide and deny access to your desktop to anyone without the proper
              password....more
              info



 



 




free smtp server

fast smtp server







free 
            smtp server is a smtp server program for windows that lets you send 
            email messages directly from your computer. it's very simple but 
            very useful for laptop users traveling around the world and 
            connecting their pcs to different internet service providers in 
            different countries. free smtp server works with all email programs 
            like outlook express, eudora, and so on.




 



 




subscribe emails


     free

subscribe  
            unsubscribe







subscribe 
            emails helps you organize subscription to email mailing lists on 
            internet websites. it checks mailboxes and downloads only email 
            messages with subscribe and unsubscribe requests, gets email 
            addresses and sender names from them and creates text files with 
            subscribers wanting to subscribe or unsubscribe.




 



 




password
& security tools












copyright © 1998-2008 softstack.com all rights reserved



