








the disillusioned kid


























| email | home | linkage | profile | 


    
  saturday, january 06, 2018




happy xmas (war is over) 2017







palestine 



source: twitter

bagram, afghanistan




source: mail online

raqqa, syria 








source: japan times

manchester, england




source: the london economic



  previous years: 2006, 2007,2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014



posted by disillusioned kid at saturday, january 06, 2018
       |  | 
 | 
  





monday, december 28, 2015




happy xmas (war is over) 2015











bagram air base, afghanistan









maaloula, syria






al-quds university, east jerusalem, palestine

 previous years: 2006, 2007,2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014labels: afghanistan, anti-war, christmas, imperialism, israel-palestine, syria, us, war on terror, weirdness, winterval



posted by disillusioned kid at monday, december 28, 2015
       |  | 
 | 
  





wednesday, december 24, 2014




season message: revenge of the message






i started writing seasonal posts on the blog way in 2006. almost
a decade ago. it is now the only sign of life in an otherwise moribund blog.

usually i post a rambling festive message as well as a compilation of images juxtaposing christmas imagery (trees, santa etc) with symbols of conflict (soldiers, tanks, protests etc).

the latter i dub happy xmas (war is over) as an ironic nod to the john lennon and yoko ono christmas song. a not terribly subtle reference to the fact that when i began this project with the occupation of iraq at its height and ongoing strife in occupied palestine, war was far from over.

over the last few years these posts have 
become harder to put together. the world really did seem to be becoming more peaceful.

it doesn't feel like that this year. with the brutal syrian civil war grinding on, the rise of isis, continuing conflict in israel-palestine and simmering tensions in ukraine things look to be going downhill.

perhaps this is just a question of perception. i do think there is something to steven pinker's argument that the world is generally, on average, becoming less violent. but that will be small consolation to those suffering this christmas.

closer to home, the government continues it's assault on the working class under the banner of austerity. this is unlikely to change next year even in the (unlikely) event of a labour victory at the general election.

the left, meanwhile, is nowhere to be seen. for whatever reasons it is in abeyance and in no position to exert any real influence on national politics. (the betrayal of the local government pay strike earlier this year hasn't helped.)

it is tempting to hope for some spontaneous uprising. nobody could have predicted in russia in december 1916 what would happen the next year. this is true, but it misses a fundamental point.

apparently spontaneous activity is rarely genuinely spontaneous. it is usually the product of long-standing political activity. just because history doesn't record the day-to-day organisation of political movements doesn't reduce it's importance.

the simple reality is that this sort of activity has largely ceased in the uk. much of the infrastructure on which it previously relied has now gone. it will take a lot of effort to rebuild it.

so there's a lot to be getting on with in 2015...

happy christmas, chrismukkah, dies natalis solis invicti, duckmass, festivus, hannukah, hogmany, holiday, humanlight, koruchun, kwanza, marxmas, new year, saturnalia, winter solstice, winterval, xmas, yalda and/or yule! (other holidays are available. probably.) 

previous years: 2012, 2011, 2010, 2009, 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 labels: anti-war, christmas, iraq, israel-palestine, syria, the cuts, unions, weirdness



posted by disillusioned kid at wednesday, december 24, 2014
       |  | 
 | 
  









happy xmas (war is over) 2014











refugee camp, erbil, northern iraq







west bank, occupied palestine







protest at israeli checkpoint, north bethlehem, occupied palestine







 "popular struggle christmas tree", bethlehem, occupied palestine





syria


previous years: 2006, 2007,2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 

labels: anti-war, christmas, iraq, israel-palestine, syria



posted by disillusioned kid at wednesday, december 24, 2014
       |  | 
 | 
  





monday, december 23, 2013




happy xmas (war is over) 2013













helmand, afghanistan



 

helmand, afghanistan







 

bethlehem, occupied palestine



 

california, usa 



previous years: 2006, 2007,2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 
labels: afghanistan, anti-war, christmas, israel-palestine, war on terror, weirdness, winterval



posted by disillusioned kid at monday, december 23, 2013
       |  | 
 | 
  





monday, december 24, 2012




the laziest (and most pointless?) seasonal message yet








for a self-styled "radical" i'm a major sucker for tradition.
how else to explain that fact that this blog (such as it is) only springs to life but once a year for the festive season with a duo of seasonal posts retreading much the same territory as the year before?

nevertheless people (that is to say one single person) tell me that they enjoy this stuff and who am i too disappoint my core audience? (apart from anything else she knows where i live.)

as i suggested above these rarely cover new territory, constituting little more than a thinly veiled excuse to convey seasonal greetings to those who continue to still visit this blog, however rarely. rather than insulting your intelligence (the only person i have any confidence will read this has a phd for fsm's sake) allow me to summarise the key points of the disillusioned kid's idiosyncratic position on christmas:


christmas is not, contrary to what you were taught at school, really a christian festival. rather it is a much older pagan celebration "hijacked" (the more charitable among you might prefer the term "borrowed") as part of efforts to convert the masses to the upstart religion; therefore
christians have no monopoly on celebrating at this time of year and us atheists can enjoy the tofurkey without feeling hypocritical; and
the so-called "war on christmas" is an intellectual nonsense promoted by a virulent cultural right-wing which exert undue influence on large swathes of the mainstream media (notably tabloids like the mail)

seems sensible, no? good. now we've got that out of the way we can all get back to the important business of mindless hedonism and drinking.

happy christmas, chrismukkah, dies natalis solis invicti, duckmass, festivus, hannukah, hogmany, holiday, humanlight, koruchun, kwanza, marxmas, new year, saturnalia, winter solstice, winterval, xmas, yalda and/or yule! (other holidays are available. probably.)

previous years: 2011, 2010, 2009, 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 



posted by disillusioned kid at monday, december 24, 2012
       |  | 
 | 
  









happy xmas (war is over) 2012









marmal near mazar-e-sharif, afghanistan





bethlehem, occupied palestine





gardermoen, norway



previous years: 2006, 2007,2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 




posted by disillusioned kid at monday, december 24, 2012
       |  | 
 | 
  





saturday, december 24, 2011




seasinal message: the eighth






this isn't really a blog anymore, so much as an website of vaguely coherent ramblings about christmas. but if one thing characterises the festive season, it's tradition. hence, here i am again.following on from last year, the all too real economic class war being waged by our leaders and their allies in the media has meant that the phoney cultural war has been put on the backburner. there has been little talk this year of any supposed "war on christmas".the british freedom party (a rather unimpressive splinter from the bnp now linked up with the english defence league in an unpopular move engineered by tommy robinson/stephen yaxley-lennon) did try and motivate the assembled christian soldiers by recycling a story about the red cross from 2002. unfortunately, the claim that they had "banned overt reference to christmas from its 430 fundraising shops" was demolished almost immediately (having been nonsense when it was current 9 years ago) and the bfp are now pretending it didn't happen (like the holocaust, presumably).in place of opening a new front in the war on christmas, it is perhaps a good opportunity to look back on what has been a truly monumental year in which we've witnessed the middle eastern revolutions, the libyan war, the eurozone crisis, the august riots, the indignados and occupy movements, mass public sector strikes, the phone hacking scandal and more.i don't want to overstate the connections between any or all of these events, but i do believe they speak to a fairly serious crisis in our soi-disant leader's ability to control their populations. after the demise of the soviet union, capitalism reveled in its victory, never again would anything challenge the "free" market in its domination of the world.since then capitalism has produced a vast quantity of stuff, but it has singularly failed to buy people's loyalty. things might have been ok when the economy was booming, but with unemployment on the rise and "austerity" likely to last for at least a decade, people are becoming increasingly disillusioned in capitalist democracy.this isn't necessarily a positive development. there are obvious parallels with the 1930s which fueled the rise of fascism and ultimately led to world war 2. nevertheless, there are very real opportunities for those of us interested in serious, progressive change. what we make of those opportunities over the coming year could be hugely important.happy christmas, chrismukkah, dies natalis solis invicti, duckmass, festivus, hannukah, hogmany, holiday, humanlight, koruchun, kwanza, new year, saturnalia, winter solstice, winterval, xmas, yalda and/or yule! (other holidays are available. probably.)previous years: 2010, 2009, 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004labels: anti-fash, christmas, weirdness



posted by disillusioned kid at saturday, december 24, 2011
       |  | 
 | 
  









happy xmas (war is over) 2011






gereshk, helmand, afghanistanmanger square, bethlehem, occupied palestinesantiago, chilelabels: afghanistan, christmas, israel-palestine, latin america, weirdness



posted by disillusioned kid at saturday, december 24, 2011
       |  | 
 | 
  





tuesday, december 21, 2010




the seventh deadly seasonal message






once again, the season of goodwill to all men is upon us. the tree is up, the lights are on and the alcohol is about to kick in.it is now traditional that to mark this annual event i put fingers to keyboard and deposit a christmas blog in your mental microwaves to see if it defrosts. this is now just about the only time i write here. the real world now impinges on my time more than it once did and this coupled with different focuses for my activism has meant that blogging is no longer the priority it once was.i'm sure this is a great disappointment to many (some? any?) of you who miss my critical insights, witty prose and well-selected images, but when reality calls, what am i to do?returning to the traditional message, this is usually my opportunity to reflect on the nonsense of the so-called "war on christmas" a conflict which has allegedly raged in shopping centres, schoolyards and council offices. a cynically manufactured controversy driven by a right wing which is disprate, often incoherent but ultimately all heading in the samer direction: seeking to turn back every social advance of last century from gay rights to female equality.this year, however, i'm short on material. the leading protagonists in this conflict seem to have been relatively quiet on the subject. one assumes they have been too busy slashing public services to worry about trivial things like the wording used on christmas decorations. the cultural phoney war has been replaced by an all too real economic class war.it is this assault on our communities and the effectiveness of our response which will, i suspect, define 2011 politically. this may sound like a pessimistic view, but it doesn't necessarily have to be. already we are doing better than ireland, where meaningful resistance to the imposition of austerity did not emerge until almost 2 years after it began. this provides some hope that we may be able to avoid following them into a spiral of cuts, bailouts and worsening cuts.but hope is no substitute for action and we have a long battle ahead of us. so far the students have shown the way, but the struggle needs to spread to other sectors: trade unions, public sector workers, the unemployed, service users and the rest of society.so enjoy your strangled turkey, drink until you throw up your liver and revel in the spirit of the season, for tomorrow we bring down a government.happy christmas, chrismukkah, dies natalis solis invicti, duckmass, festivus, hannukah, hogmany, holiday, humanlight, koruchun, kwanza, new year, saturnalia, winter solstice, winterval, yalda and/or yule!previous years: 2009, 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004labels: christmas, the cuts, theocracy, uk, waffle



posted by disillusioned kid at tuesday, december 21, 2010
       |  | 
 | 
  









happy xmas (war is over) 2010






kunduz, afghanistanbethlehem, west bank, palestinekunur, afghanistanlabels: afghanistan, christmas, israel-palestine, weirdness



posted by disillusioned kid at tuesday, december 21, 2010
       |  | 
 | 
  





thursday, december 24, 2009




episode 6: return of the seasonal message






 everybody's favourite pagan drinking festival is almost upon us. the decorations are up, the lights are on, the shops are full and school children across the land are dusting off their sheep costumes for another year as we prepare to celebrate the birth of our lord saviour and protector cliff. tradition dictates that i mark this event with some seasonal blogging, even if i haven't bothered to write anything since last xmas.usually, this message consists of some unoriginal reflections on the non-existent "war on christmas" apparently being waged by an army of godless-liberal-socialist-pinko-homosexual-feminist-islamofascist-terrorists. this year, there appears to have been a lull in hostilities with few high profile clashes.there was a minor skirmish in broxtowe in nottinghamshire. a leaflet distributed by the council outlining their festive plans referred to "christmas elves", "christmas pop tunes", and a special dance "to link the diwali and christmas celebrations," but this wasn't good enough for the stalwart defenders of christmas who derided the council's reference to a "beeston lights switch on event" held on november 28, almost a month before christmas. cue inane comments like, "we have had christian tradition in this country for thousands of years" (about, two thousand, actually) and a promise by the council to use the term next year.this is of course, complete nonsense. with lights on for almost a quarter of the year in many towns, it is bizarre that we should think of them only as "christmas" lights. it should be obvious that none of this has anything to do with christianity. christmas is after all a pagan festival hijacked by christians as a way of getting themselves through winter. rather it is the latest front in an ongoing conflict raged by those who would set back what advances (in rights for women, homosexuals and ethnic minorities) have been made over the previous century.none of this means we can't or shouldn't celebrate at this time of year. it's just that we shouldn't let a bunch of right-wing authoritarians dictate how we celebrate. bear in mind that if we had their way we'd all be tea-total and would spend christmas morning in church before going back to the workhouse in the afternoon, with a quick break for bread and water if we were lucky.one tradition i've decided not to follow this year is that of sending christmas cards. i've never been a big card writer. i'd like to say this was driven by ethical considerations about destruction of forests, the generation of waste and the perpetuation of thoughtless consumerism. the truth, of course, is that i'm just a bit lazy. that said, this year, i have decided that instead of sending cards i'm going to send my friends an email (something i've done in past years, anyway) and donate the money to charity.in case you're interested, i've decided to donate the money to the sea shepherd conservation society, a group dedicated to ending "the destruction of habitat and slaughter of wildlife in the world's oceans in order to conserve and protect ecosystems and species." do check them out, they've done a lot of good work and put greenpeace to shame.talking about environmentalism, 2009 may well be remembered as the point at which we failed to stop anthropogenic climate change. that isn't inevitable, but i think it is very likely we will look back on it as the year where it became clear that our so called leaders were not up to the job.from the attacks on climate activists during the g20 in april, through the failure to intervene in the closure of the vestas factory on the isle of wight in july (despite an inspiring occupation by sacked workers), right up to the farce played out at copenhagen, the reality of state capitalism's antagonism towards the environment is now obvious for all to see.none of this makes climageddon inevitable, but it does mean that if we want a half decent world to live in for ourselves and future generations then we can't wait for our so called leaders to sort it out. it's down to us.something to think about while you're tucking into the steaming remains of a strangled turkey...happy christmas, chrismukkah, dies natalis solis invicti, duckmass, festivus, hannukah, hogmany, holiday, humanlight, koruchun, kwanza, new year, saturnalia, winter solstice, winterval, yalda and/or yule!go forth and drink until you throw up your liver (but make sure you do it responsibly).previous years: 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004labels: christmas, theocracy



posted by disillusioned kid at thursday, december 24, 2009
       |  | 
 | 
  





wednesday, december 23, 2009




happy xmas (war is over) 2009






bethlehem, west bankeast jerusalem, israel/palestineramallah, west bankmazar-e-sharif, afghanistanprevious years: 2006, 2007,2008labels: afghanistan, anti-war, christmas, israel-palestine



posted by disillusioned kid at wednesday, december 23, 2009
       |  | 
 | 
  





wednesday, december 24, 2008




happy xmas (war is over) 2008






sadr city, baghdad, iraq (dec 24)amritsar, india (dec 24)zimbabwe embassy, london (dec 20)labels: anti-war, christmas, iraq, weirdness, zimbabwe



posted by disillusioned kid at wednesday, december 24, 2008
       |  | 
 | 
  









episode v: the seasonal message strikes back






it's that time again. happy shoppers are congregating in the cathedrals of consumerism, turkeys are contemplating going into hiding and ron wood's on tour once more. the annual celebration of cliff richard's birthday is a holiday replete with traditions old and new, but none more important than the disillusioned kid seasonal message. now in it's fifth year (no i hadn't either) this is almost the only reason this blog exists, given its inactivity over so much of the previous year. fortunately its also a tour de force of shiny prose, witty reflections and cutting insight. (note: prose, reflection and insight are not guaranteed.)this is usually my opportunity to reflect on the so-called "war on christmas" which the oxygen wasters of the right get so excited about. this year, the latest front in this war has opened up not far from me in nottingham. greenwood junior school in sneinton has got into all sorts of trouble for postponing a christmas performance. according to the torygraph:greenwood junior school sent out a letter to parents saying the three-day festival of eid al-adha, which takes place between december 8 and 11, meant that muslim children would be off school. that meant planning for the traditional nativity play were shelved because the school felt it would be too difficult to run both celebrations side by side.the move has left parents furious. janette lynch, whose seven-year-old son keanu attends the school, in sneinton, nottingham, said: "the head has a whole year to plan for eid and so she should be able to plan for both religious festivals. i have never heard of this at a school. it is the first year my son has been there and a lot of the mums like me were really looking forward to seeing the children in the nativity."predictably, this hasn't gone down well with the fascist onanists of the bnp who quickly moved in to try and make political capital from the controversy. they grumbled, "such outrages will inevitably progress from the exception to the norm, if britain fails to embrace the bnp and continues its present headlong plunge into the abyss."of course, reality is rather more complicated than the knuckle draggers can understand. an associated press report suggests that it isn't a nativity at all, but rather a pantomime (cinderella, in fact) and that it hasn't been cancelled, only postponed to late january.this pattern will be familiar to students of the war on christmas: a manufactured controversy fuelling manufactured outrage which can then be capitalised on by the political right. in america where the christian right is a major political movement this is all a much bigger deal. here it's rather easier to be dismissive. the recently leaked bnp membership list indicates that the bnp are not a major political force in the nottingham city area and with several of their prominent members in the area having left the party over the last year or so (including those most likely responsible for the leak) this can't have done them many favours.in any case, as i've argued in previous years, the fundamental premise of the war on christmas is wrong. christmas is only superficially a christian festival. the timing and most of the traditions are taken wholesale from paganism and any number of religious festivals take place at this time of year. personally as a godless atheist hedonist i intend to enjoy as many of them as possible with little or no regard for their theocratic justifications. eat, drink and be merry for tomorrow we abolish religion and smash the state!happy christmas, chrismukkah, dies natalis solis invicti, duckmass, hannukah,  hogmany, holidays, humanlight, koruchun, kwanza, new year, saturnalia, winter solstice, winterval, yalda and/or yule!labels: christmas, theocracy, waffle



posted by disillusioned kid at wednesday, december 24, 2008
       |  | 
 | 
  





saturday, december 20, 2008




the war on christmas






the greeks really know how to celebrate christmas.labels: christmas, europe, police, riot porn



posted by disillusioned kid at saturday, december 20, 2008
       |  | 
 | 
  










side projects
carnival of anarchy
the peace pipe
uk watch blog
acquaintances
against the current
atopian.org
culture hits and gendered bits
daniel randall
in the water
mike wood
on the barricades
pizarro's sword
space cat rocket ship
surveillant assemblage
tashcamuk fotopage
the naked lunch
the peace pipe
the world of the dynamite lady
strangers
anarchoblogs
antiwar.com blog
arte & lingua
barker in valencia
blairwatch
bloggerheads
blood & treasure
bombs and shields
boomablog
born at the crest of the empire
chase me ladies...
chicken yoghurt
craig murray
dead men left
direland
disreputable lazy aliens
empire notes
europhobia
friends of al jazeera
global guerillas
guerillas in the midst
i blame the patriachy
informed comment
insultadarity
janine booth
lenin's tomb
life of riley blog
media watch watch
neil shakespeare
no2id newsblog
one hump or two?
otto's random thoughts
perfect.co.uk
pitch in for uzbekistan
registan.net
run over by the truth
solidarity with iraqi workers
shut up you fat whiner!
sudan: passion of the present
talk politics
the anthropik network
the daily (maybe)
the devil's kitchen
the disillusioned
the f-word
the head heeb
the killing train
the revenge of winston smith
the socialist unity blog
the wicked truth
theory of power
things i don't have time for
this (fresh) gringo
this is my truth
thumping the tub
time the dreaded enemy
uk watch blog
uk poli blogs
underbrella
under the same sun
uzbekistan.neweurasia.net
what fresh hell is this?
where is raed? (rip)
who are you to accuse me?
words and rocks
zeropointnine
z-net blog
neighbours
asbo community space
defy-id
eastside climate action
faslane 365
freecycle
indymedia
no borders
nottingham student peace movement
refugee forum
stop the war
sumac centre
the demo project
ivory towers
anarchist studies network
centre for the study of social and global justice
postanarchism clearinghouse
miscellania
anarchist faq
antiwar.com
chagos discussion list
chagos support forums
electronic intifada
future of iraq portal
index of political blogs
indymedia uk
infoshop
iraq occupation focus
pledgebank
refuser solidarity network
schnews
socialist unity network
the new standard
uk chagos support association
uk watch
weekly worker
wikipedia
writetothem.com
z-net
the progressive blog alliance

register here to join the pba.





syndicated kid

via bloglet
















archived kid


activism/action

mia
blair "man of the people"
would turkeys vote for christmas?
turning up the heat?
sit down
bloggers = real people, anti-war = marches
date for your diary
talkin' 'bout a revolution
resistance = existence
licking the lickspittle
activistism
abcs of activism
acting up
well, blow me down with a feather

animal rights

how to stop climate change: become a vegetarian
god is an animal liberationist
when meat isn't murder
veganism = sexy?!
my first animal rights post

by date

january 2003
may 2003
june 2003
july 2003
august 2003
november 2003
january 2004
february 2004
march 2004
april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
november 2007
december 2007
april 2008
may 2008
august 2008
december 2008
december 2009
december 2010
december 2011
december 2012
december 2013
december 2014
december 2015
january 2018

chagos

general
chagos: the latest
sovereignty schmovereignty redux
small people without blonde hair
that's my prerogative
pressing the point
remember remember?
torture, lies and chagos: it's gotta be a dk blog post
courting chagos
the chagossian diaspora
that time of the month again...
sugaring the chagossian pill
documentarying
return to chagos
where next?
updation
the wait goes on
chomsky on chagos
vote chagos
sovereignty schmovereignty, part 2.
lalit go down under
sovereignty schmovereignty
speak truth to power
compare and contrast
the saga of the chagos islands continues...
yes minister
chagos update
getting the job done
friendly fire
ethics, moi?
rights of the wronged
lazy blogging
more anti-biot-ics
debating chagos, part 1.
the unimportance of "the importance of not being earnest"
holidays in the sun, part 3.
holidays in the sun, part 2.
holidays in the sun
you were saying?
chagos redux
get in early
parliament not complete waste of time shocker!
the fine art of diplomacy
things to make and do
the other anglo-american occupation
chagossians in the uk
good news for the chagossians. for twice.
good news for the chagossians. for once.
home from home, part 3.
home from home, part 2.
home from home
diego garcia and the tsunami
the strawman and his brain
dry powder and death from 30,000 feet
don't say i never do anything for you...
i hate conspiracy theories
diego garcia and the tsunami
tsunami, part 2.
tsunami

civil liberties

you can't smash the state with an id card
lying lawyers. whoda thunk it?
freedom? yeah right!
has it come to this?
loud and proud
words v. pictures
identifying the causes
parliament discovers spine
what was he thinking?
ask a stupid questionnaire get a stupid answer
pop quiz
four legs good, two legs badder
xmas starts here (or not)
you are free to do what we tell you
you know something's wrong when...
we'll always have parris
charles clarke is a lying, racist bastard
terrorism billing
eu id uh oh
charles clarke's big brother
ban ban not dead, part 2.
ban ban not dead
thoughtcrime
ministers lied to public shocker!
banking on id
isn't freedom wonderful?
asbo'd out of existence
a solution looking for a problem
prevention of terrorism, my arse!
if you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing to fear.
mistaken identity
little brother is watching

classy

more pledgebank
the union strikes back
compare and contrast
classy response, part 2.
classy response
chav war
the peasants are revolting!
indecent proposal
class action
scabs for hire
making life taste bitter

darfur

remember darfur?
darfur redux
return to darfur
hypocrisy and the right response
why do they hate us, mummy? why?
for simplicity's sake?
priorities... priorities...
more on darfur
and for another thing...
war for humanity?
passion of the present
good news from sudan

electioneering

impending halfhead
lording over it
election coverage
quotalicious
more of the same please, mr murray
billboard liberation for beginners
what do they take us for?
choose your words carefully
suffrage and suffering
who says they're all the same?
plumbing the depths
from the people who brought you faxyourmp.com
it's not racist to oppose tory scum.
x market the spot
our man in blackburn
don't just (not) vote
kilroy takes the anti-war vote!

europe

eu id uh oh
constitutional issues
real straight bananas

g8

make photography history
make the g8 history, part iv
 make the g8 history, part third
make the g8 history, part deux
make bad stuff history
make the g8 history, part 1
make richard curtis history
make capitalism history

gender/sexuality

and now for something completely different...
nobody controls my uterus
a family with the wrong members in control
homophobes suck redux
no borders, no nations, no immigration officials
butt of the joke
how to avoid rape
hitting home
shades of atwood
men are from earth, women are from earth
we will hang the last imperialist with the entrails of the last theocrat...
1,000 broken mirrors
what day is it?
the day today

iraq

abduction
s.o.v.e.r.e.i.g.n.i.t.y.
memory hole here we come
csi: basra
iraq's founding fathers? redux
witty title superfluous?
warnography, part 2.
warmography
all's well in iraq, part 2.
all's well in iraq
tony blair is a bloodthirsty, lying bastard
keep counting
as in heathrow, so in the new iraq?
returning to the fold
things i didn't know about iraq
iraq's founding fathers?
easy week ahead
what happens next?
stop you're killing me! redux
making a killing, part 2.
iraqi resistance redux
firdaus square, take 2
who killed kenny?
hypocrisy? surely not!
three strikes and your out?
making a killing
open letter to the anti-occupation movement
theocracy or not theocracy? that is the question...
after the swingometer
support the resistance? part 2.
support the resistance?
no more fallujahs!
stop, you're killing me!
occupation vs. radical islam?
the battle of hastings
"aw dude!"
who's counting?
iraq... again
the success story
what the butler saw
their lies coming back to haunt them?
the 'proof' that al-zarqawi is organising the resistance
not so bad after all?

israel-palestine

sharon "man of peace"
stating the obvious
raise your glasses
from the horses mouth
banksy does palestine
peering through the smokescreen
arafat is dead, long live palestine!
"bait and switch"
killing me calmly?
writing on the wall
sanctioning israel
protests in palestine

miscellania

sell your children; it's the new labour way
celebrity big bollocks
gelukkig nieuwjaar
a satire a day keeps the doctor away
stalinist pig-doggery par excellence
disillusioned kid's seasonal message
cold cold christmas?
blood for oil
junk the wto
video nasty
gorgeous does humphrys
thanks be to galgacus!
blogging makes the world go around
twilight of the dead
half nelson
geekery v2.0
geekery
marvelling at the beautiful machine
pie in the eye
more lazy picture blogging
off message
death squad coffee
bias
african famine driven by fundamentalism! part 2.
underreported world: western sahara
dib dib dob dob
african famine driven by fundamentalism!
the meme machine vs. the war machine
googlebombs away
horse marries cock
queen fascist shocker!
the de facto state?
seasonal ramblings...!
don't let the bells end!
red pill/blue pill?
bill gates must die
supersize this!
on yer bike!
public transport ate my life
in other news...
be afraid. be very afraid.
a frontier too far
turning up the heat
education, education, education
me and the secretary of state for wales
guerilla warfar

philosophy

orwellian multiplicity
what kind of anarchist are you?
me, myself and identities
consequentially speaking
heterodoxy
i say lefty, you say?

racism

conspiracy theorists are fuckwits
observing irving
libertie, fraternite, egalite, realite
no pasaran!
debating society
words and pictures
what the hell is britishness anyway?
this white-british blogger on hazel blears latest idea
religious differences
fascist fuckwits get a (not entirely metaphorical) kicking!
thieving gypos?
identity politics
polyculturalism: not just a silly name for a bird
for whom bell tolls...

recent posts


    happy xmas (war is over) 2017
  

    happy xmas (war is over) 2015
  

    season message: revenge of the message
  

    happy xmas (war is over) 2014
  

    happy xmas (war is over) 2013
  

    the laziest (and most pointless?) seasonal message...
  

    happy xmas (war is over) 2012
  

    seasinal message: the eighth
  

    happy xmas (war is over) 2011
  

    the seventh deadly seasonal message
  

religion

casting stones in no particular order
blogger says robertson rejects science
ego fum papa
touched by his noodly appendage
christiofascism?
the unintelligent designs of the christian right
the pope...
return of the bastard son
homophobes suck!

tasers

cops and throbbers
civil rights movement takes on tasers
bent copper with a stun gun
non-lethal? ermm... not exactly.
tasers safe after all
here we go again...
are they just tasing us?
stunning
assault with battery
a "non-lethal alternative" to firearms?
set to stun?

usa

bush: one of the worst disasters to hit the us
katrina weirdness...
katrina rundown
cruel irony
katrina and the waves
what's wrong with america?
the only bush i trust
four more years...
"extraordinary rendition"

uzbekistan

lying lawyers. whoda thunk it?
where's peter tatchell when you need him?
trials and tribulations, part. 2
sunny side up
protecting our precious bodily fluids
uzbekistan: do something, part 2.
uzbekistan: do something
waving a straight banana in the general direction of islam karimov
trials and tribulations, part. 2
trials and tribulations
bad to worse
*hint hint*
the "information war"
rounded up
look who's blogging
blogging for uzbekistan
samarkand unrest
the uzbekistan meme
the next move in the new great game
cottoning onto karimov
uzblog redux
 karimov the anti-imperialist?
a suggestion
sanctioning karimov
the new great game kicks off, part 2.
ukzbekistan, part 2.
the new great game kicks off
ukzbekistan
the uzbek revolution? part 3.
the uzbek revolution? part 2.
the uzbek revolution? part 1.
more of the same please, mr murray
bye bye karimov?
the new great game
uzbekistan roundup
electioneering, part 5
electioneering, part 4.
electioneering, part 3.
electioneering, part 2.
electioneering
uzbek prisons - a survivor's guide
good news in uzbekistan?
 electoral sham (and you don't even have to look at the exit polls to tell)
the return of the ambassador: episode iii
the return of the ambassador: episode ii
the return of the ambassador
did you know...
realign your ass
explosions in tashkent, part 2.
mea culpa
explosions in tashkent
what's happening in uzbekistan?
aiding uzbekistan

war and peace

remembrance day
not so bad after all?
yes foreign minister
hiroshima day
on this rememberance day...
the security-industrial complex
support the troops?

war on terror

bali
another day another blog
useful idiots
terrorism has absolutely nothing to do with iraq, part 3.
terrorism has absolutely nothing to do with iraq, part 2.
the terrors of counter-terrorism, part 2.
the terrors of counter-terrorism
terrorism has absolutely nothing to do with iraq
the day after the morning before
the school siege: 'lenin', horror and why it's relevant
the clash of barbarisms

listed kid
bling blang blog
blogarama
blogexplosion
blog directory
blogdust
bloggernity
bloghub
blogpulse profile
blogrankings
blogshares
blog search engine
blog universe
blogwise
english blogs
feedmap
flux directory
globe of blogs
ls blogs
politics blog top sites
2rss.com :: rss directory
technorati: who links here
wholinksto me.com
iconography





 
















