

 







barnet - intelligent materials









































 









 








contactpurchasesolution-providingcareerdownloads




                              en
           



                              de
           



                              简体中文
           



homeproductsfiber-solutionsconventional fibersstaple fiberspolyesterpolyamide / nylonshortcut fiberspolyesterpolyamide / nylonviscosehigh-performance fiberspara-aramidmeta-aramidppspolyimidenovoloidpbohmpeacrylic (pan)opancarbonyarnspolyesterpolyamide 6.6 / nylon 6.6polyamide 6 / nylon 6polypropylenerayon / viscosepara-aramidmeta-aramidhmpeppslcppeeknega-stat®floor-stat®barnet-carbon®nega-stat®p190p210floor-stat®polymersproduct propertiesapplicationsautomotivetextilespaperhygiene & medicalplasticsconstructionrubberelectricalindustrialfoodppe & apparelacousticequestrianpublic transportationthermal insulationmarinecompositesfiltrationprofilelocationsnorth americasouth americaeuropeindiachinasouth koreahistory125 yearsvision & valuescareercertificatessustainabilitycompliancecode of conductwhistleblower systemintegritynextecoware®added valuespolyester recyclingvest recyclingnews







jec world


atlanta, ga, usa
events 2025 
							current dates for trade fairs and events 
							march 04th – 06th 2025

hall 5, booth g65
hall b, booth 3421
may 06th – 09th 2025 
							paris, france 
							techtextil north america

 



more information 
								by barnet 
								the sustainable choice 
								
 


more information 
								intelligent
materials 
								products 
								


 


more information 
								practical
solutions 
								solution-provider 
								

 


more information 
								recycling is
in our dna 
								sustainability 
								

 


more information 
								inspiring
knowledge 
								applications 
								


 


 






a warm welcome!we are barnet and this is
what we do.fibers, polymers, yarns, recycling and development of individual solutions – the range of activities we undertake to meet the needs of the market and our customers is very broad. with over 125 years of expertise and a product portfolio that is second to none, we are the right partner for thousands of customers worldwide. in every market, our product range extends from industrial quality to specialty / high-tech products. we manufacture and supply in many different resins, including polyester, polyamide 6, polyamide 6.6, acrylic, polypropylene and viscose.
profileapplicationssolutions for automotive 


paper 




hygiene & medical 




thermal insulation 




ppe & apparel 




rubber 




construction 




electrical 




public transportation 




automotive 




acoustic 




marine 




equestrian 

 


 




load more



solution-providingqualities according to
customer requirementsin addition to recycling, upcycling and trading in raw materials that do not fall into the 1a quality category, barnet is also a manufacturer of first choice raw materials. no matter which product category our customers choose, we ensure stable and above all faultless production processes with reliable quality. our test laboratory guarantees regular quality controls based on the highest standards. upon request, specific customer requirements can be taken into account or neutral testing institutes can be consulted. 
we offer solutionsdriven by flexibility, creativity and a desire to meet customer needs, barnet offers experience, expertise, reliability and service to thousands of customers around the world. our range of products and services is constantly changing and expanding to meet global market requirements.
solution-providingintelligent materialsproducts: high-performance fibers 


high-performance fibers 




conventional fibers 




polymers 




yarns 




nega-stat® 




floor-stat® 

 


 
product propertieswe make things easieryou know what requirements the right raw material for your product has to meet, but you don’t know which material fits best? in the following overview you can see our high-tech fibers and their most important properties.
view propertiescareercareer at barnetthe most important foundation for our business success is our employees. in order to jointly achieve our goal of steady growth, sound business policies and a pleasant working environment, we train our employees, provide personal advancement opportunities and pay appropriate compensation that reflects each employee’s commitment to the success of the company.
we are always looking for dedicated and ambitious new employees to join our team and expand our international business activities.
show jobssustainabilityrecycling is in our dnasustainability is primarily defined by barnet as reducing the amount of raw material residues that end up in our landfills, pollute air and water or increase our dependence on fossil fuels. post consumer waste and post industrial waste such as by-products from fibers, yarns and the polymer industry are getting a second life by redefining their usability.
barnet´s history began with the recycling of production waste from the wool industry, thus designing a sustainable and still relevant business model at a time when the word „recycling“ did not yet exist.
 


sustainability 

 


 
locationson site worldwide






seoul 
								barnet asia pacific 
								spartanburg
kinston 
								barnet americas 
								aachen
raeren
bradford 
								barnet europe 
								shanghai 
								barnet china 
								mumbai 
								barnet india 
								





 





today, barnet serves a global market for fibers, polymers and yarns through sales and/or manufacturing facilities in the usa, germany, belgium, great britain, china, south korea and india with more than 500 employees. barnet’s competitive advantages are its people and the variety and diversity of products, services and solutions it offers to customers and suppliers in more than 70 countries around the world.
locationsdiscover the world of barnetwe have a story to tell. 


exhibitions 202528th november 2024current dates for trade fairs and events would you like to get to know us and our products better at… 

 


 
 


barnet has set up an international sustainability team12th april 2024 




exhibitions 202412th january 2024 

 


 
customer-serviceneed help? get in touch!didn’t you find what you were looking for? or do you have questions about our products, their possible applications or do you need an individual solution? do not hesitate to contact us. our experts will be happy to help you.
get in touch
newsletter registrationstay up to date!you are interested in barnet and our activities? get in the loop and receive our newsletter.


e-mail(required)

privacy(required) i agree to the privacy policy.
 
















sales@barnet.comlocationssouth america
north america
europe
india
china
south korea

downloadsbrochure: yarns
brochure: fibers
brochure: nega-stat®
flyer: ecoware®
flyer: barnet-carbon®
news 

exhibitions 2025 

 


 

privacy policywhistleblower protection actlegal notices and termsglobal terms and conditions of saledisclaimerall rights reserved | © 2021 | copyright by barnet

 menu










































