













robin hood info - home
























 













        robin hood news-line:    



robin hood statue 70th anniversary
 (20 july 2022) 
read more...   |   
maid marian’s character takes on a strong role in the new robin hood related book by jack heerema
 (30 may 2022) 
read more...   |   
“capuche”
 (05 may 2022) 
read more...   |   
new robin hood attraction at nottingham castle
 (30 june 2021) 
read more...   |   
against all odds - robin hood continues to create global interest and gets caught in a usa media storm about mistaken identity!
 (16 february 2021) 
read more...   |   
interesting new robin hood novel puts the legend and its traditional chracters on unfamiliar ground
 (16 february 2021) 
read more...   |   
the robin hood society gains thousands of new followers
 (01 february 2021) 
read more...   |   
new robin hood book helps keep the legend alive
 (04 january 2021) 
read more...   |   
a lesson not learned!
 (13 may 2020) 
read more...   |   
robin hood's body found ….clutching maid marian’s knickers!
 (23 july 2019) 
read more...   |   
new kindle book – “robin hood: the legacy of a folk hero”
 (14 may 2019) 
read more...   |   
find robin hood! – new initiative launched to trace the impact of the legend
 (04 january 2019) 
read more...   |   
new robin hood blockbuster movie set to start filming in 2017
 (20 december 2018) 
read more...   |   
robin hood features in the isle of man's 2016 christmas stamp collection
 (13 december 2018) 
read more...   |   
robin hood pin badges help students create goodwill in the usa
 (07 december 2018) 
read more...   |   	

 

bob white - obituary


bob white - chairman of the world wide robin hood society - obituary















homeshopbuy hats here!robin hood statuefact & fictionin the mediain literaturein history and legendin science fictionon locationart & popular culturein artin popular culturein musicin poetry and verseon stage and screenin humourin sport and pastimesprinciple & idealsin principlein spirit and religionin ecologyin the communityin the 21st centurybusiness & commercein tourismin food and drinkin educationin marketingin business and commercerh reality checkawards 













factandfictionlinks (home)

 
in history and legend
in literature
in the media
in science fiction
on location






















artpopularculturelinks (home)

in art
in popular culture
in music
in poetry and verse
on stage and screen
in humour
in sport and pastimes














businesscommercelinks (home)

 
 
in business and commerce
in tourism
in food and drink
in education
in marketing






















principleandidealslinks (home)

 
in principle
in spirit and religion
in ecology
in the community
in the 21st century


















 home 


welcome to the world wide robin hood society's "many faces of robin hood" website which has recently been updated in a brand new format that reflects the many ways in which the robin hood legend still has a lasting impact and influence in the 21st century.
if you'd like to support us, consider buying a robin hood hat or other products - please visit us at the robin hood shop.
ranging from its traditional historic roots through modern business and media practice to the contemporary arts, robin hood has become one of the most established and enigmatic figures in popular culture, even though the true origins of his legendary existence and who he really was still remains a mystery.
with a combination of articles, comment, opinion and news features, the new format website focuses on 22 distinct areas where the robin hood legend has influence and connections. it also provides a diverse information resource and a news and discussion outlet for members and interested enthusiasts.
robin hood is frequently in the news and you can keep up with some of the latest stories in the media on our 'news-line' and also send in your robin hood related information to this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it. you can also watch the robin hood twitter stream.
the world wide robin hood society is an internet-based organisation that globally promotes the robin hood legend and its associations with nottingham and sherwood forest. however, it is not a re-enactment group.
founded in 1998 by a group of marketing, promotional and information technology professionals, it has developed one of the leading robin hood related websites that is used extensively by the uk and international media. the society handles press and media enquiries; assists film and television production companies and co-ordinates research and requests for information from the travel and tourism industry, students and academics and individual visitors and enthusiasts. it provides a diverse information resource and the extensively used website averages around 1000 visits every day.
the organisation also maintains an established network of knowledgeable contacts and links with many robin hood related interests including: - the legend and its historical and academic associations; places of interest and tourist attractions; movies, television, documentary, dvd and computer game productions; literary, artistic, musical and dramatic connections; collectables and miscellaneous trivia; talks, guided tours and accommodation; costume and weaponry hire and re-enactment groups.
the society has successfully campaigned along with other pressure groups on numerous robin hood related issues and also lent its support to various good causes and promotional initiatives. it is currently represented on nottingham city council's castle working group and its associated robin hood marketing and communications sub- group. to help fund its activities, the society seeks sponsorship where appropriate and also operates an on-line shop stocking gifts and souvenirs.
the society is part of robin hood limited, a non-profit organisation who have a registered, fully serviced office at sherwood business centre, 616a, mansfield road, sherwood, nottingham, ng5 2ga tel:(0115)9245434 or e-mail this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it. 




tweets by robinhood  














