


golf training aids & all you need to play better golf!















































home


whippy tempomaster elite driver


shop all products


our mission


about us


contact us













golf training aids, golf teaching aids and p.g.a. professional advice since
                           2001






 view all products    ben doyles facts and illusions mat free shipping 


$300 buy now 



whippy tempomaster elite driverfree shipping


just $169.95 buy now



celebrating 15 years p.g.a.
                                       professional advice and lowest price on golf training equipment since 2001 2017 golf training products: shop now 











eyeline egde putting mirror
                                       with 70 degree railjust
                                       $95.78 buy now




tac tic elbow just $29.95




eyeline
                                       edge putting mirrorjust $59.95 buy now






speed whoosh just $64.95




swing gyde just $26.95




medicus 7 iron






hank haney putting impact systemjust $39.95 buy now




edge putting rail 64 degreejust $59.95 buy now




perfect line putting matjust $59.95 buy now






tac tic wrist just $29.95




the little one just $79.95




tour striker just $94.95






the bender stikthe bender stik
                                       works! on sale $99.95buy now 




the speed trapthe speed trap works! on sale $99.95buy now 




eyeline balls of steeljust $26.67 buy now






eyeline special edition 10 x 2
                                       putting mat just $179.95 buy now




eyeline putting pendulum rodjust $29.95 buy now




eyeline putting edge 70 degree
                                       railjust $59.95 buy now





the butter putter the butter putter will
                                       help you to develop a silky smooth putting stroke very quickly. 


just $99.95buy now

online golf lessons and golf swing advice visit: golf academy online



mission statement: golf is a lifestyle and a constant evolution of learning and
                                       refining. we all know there are no magic cures. spending time at the driving range working with sound fundamentals, time
                                       tested methods, exceptional golf training aids and golf swing images will put you on the fast track to becoming a better
                                       golfer. as p.g.a. members we have tested hundreds of golf training aids, studied shelves full of golf books,
                                       golf dvd’s, new methods and theories. we wanted to give you access to the best of them, with
                                       simple ways to practice and apply.there
                                       is no lack of information on golf; fact is there may be too much. to learn effectively you need to see,
                                       hear and feel the correct information relative to your needs.the concepts we believe in are
                                       here, they have worked for us, our students and will work for you. enjoy!pro at golftrainingstuff.com     




golf
                                       training aid review:


whippy
                                       tempomasterwe have visited with the whippy
                                       tempomaster previously however, with its patented super flexible clubshaft this fantastic training club is perhaps the best
                                       training aid for giving the hands a sense for the clubhead. this sensation is very difficult to describe in words, yet all
                                       great players posses the sense in the hands for the clubhead in motion. many of us fight a tendency to clench from the top
                                       of the downswing. the whippy tempomaster gives a great sensation of how to load the clubshaft and create a smooth transitional
                                       move storing energy and creating a smooth powerful swing. this training club is must have in any serious golfers practice
                                       club/training collection and unlike many other tempo trainers you can actually hit balls with it. the whippy tempomaster works!
                                       buy now









 golf training aids, golf teaching aids, golf learning aids.golf training stuff 



 the best
                                       price and p.g.a. professional advicefor
                                       all of your golf training equipment







 site index 





















































free shipping within the u.s.a. on orders over $100.we ship
                                       worldwide! for shipping costs to canada and all destinations outside the u.s.a. or express shipping please contact us
                                       for a shipping quote before placing your order. please include the item and your physical address on your international shipping quote request. click here to view all golf training products

all content is copyrighted material. all web design, content, and images (except where otherwise indicated)
                                    are copyrighted material. any use, reproduction, and/or publication without the express written permission of golf training
                                    stuff inc is strictly prohibited. all rights reserved.(c) 2015 golf training stuff est 2001


















