







breezy palms resort| family friendly islamorada florida resort
























































 

























































home
accommodations
about us 

property map
gift shop
cancellation policy


location
local activities 

islamorada events
fishing
watersports 

diving & snorkeling
boat rentals and charters
action sports


things to do 

art galleries
attractions
spas, salon & fitness


weddings 

jewelry & flowers
transportation


dining


contact us
web cam
 

book now
























welcome to breezy palms resort


where every stay is a memory in the making
























check in



check out




person






adults







kids









clear


apply






 


nextbook now





















most rooms have full kitchens 


family-friendly  ocean front resort




it’s not often you find a resort that exceeds your expectations, breezy palms resort takes everything you’ve ever wanted in a seaside vacation and places it in one scenic, majestic location.
known as the sport fishing capital of the world, islamorada’s relaxed atmosphere provides an unmatched year-round destination.
your idea of a good time is snorkeling the reef, hunting the great creatures of the deep, fly fishing the flats or just relaxing by the pool, you’ll find no shortage of fun here at breezy palms resort. we are budget minded family-friendly resort. we are not a pet friendly hotel however service dogs that meet ada requirement's are welcome failure to disclose your animal you are subject of a non refundable cleaning fee of  $250.00 and or any damages regardless.




explore more 




























		        			available in many styles and sizes		
		        		



		        			meet our rooms		
		        		




see all rooms














poolside apartments


$0.0
night














two bedroom apartments


$0.0
night














beach cottage


$0.0
night














oceanfront apartments


$0.0
night














bungalow


$0.0
night

























reviews


what guests 
say about us.









wonderful find


— after years of driving through islemorada on the way to key west, we decided to stay overnight along the route. i searched for someplace reasonably priced and on the atlantic. the website described the place exactly as it was and there were no disappointments. the staff was friendly and the rooms were large and clean. we traveled with another couple and we all agreed that next year we will spend one more night at breezy palms and one less night in key west.












amazing family vacation


— stayed at the breezy palms in january for the first time. i can’t say enough good things about it. my family had such a wonderful time. the kids loved the pool and beach area. we barbecued a couple of nights right on the beach, amazing. staff were very accommodating as we had very early arrival flights and late departures. we were very sad to leave but can’t wait to get back again. my husband an i have stayed at some of the bigger hotels, honestly don’t waste your money. this is the place to stay!












love breezy palms


— love breezy palms! was exactly what i was expecting….if you are looking for luxury, this isn’t it. if you want a comfortable, friendly place, perfect location with awesome views, helpful staff and a laid back atmosphere, this is it!!! yes it’s older, but it was clean and had everything we needed. dock repairs are coming along nicely, can’t wait to go back in september!












we will be back


— first time we ever stayed here took a chance on breezy palms after our reservation at another resort was canceled after irma.its not as fancy but its clean , comfortable and everyone treated us great.. absolutely loved it and we cannot wait to return next year !!!!! 



































make room for adventure.


book your room right now and discover everything breezy palms and islamorada have to offer.




reservations 


















© breezy palms resort – islamorada, florida | developed by world web technologies inc.

cancellation policy
 










 




















































