










home - sitka center

























































































skip to content





















open menu





close menu





workshops

take a workshop
plan your visit
apply to teach


residencies

residencies at sitka
residents
apply for residency


youth

k-8 create


events

upcoming events
sitka art invitational


about

about
place
people
news + journals
employment


support sitka

give
join
gift certificates




donate






art + ecologya place for reflection, inquiry
+ creationlearn more

 


news  + announcements
preview the 2025 workshop seasonmembers-first registration begins february 20 and public registration opens march 6. preview the season now and join us at sitka this summer. all skill levels welcome.become a memberpreview workshops




our work

the sitka center for art and ecology supports arts and nature access for all. we believe that the intersection of art and science is vital for creating balance in our relationship with the natural world.

upcoming events
our programs
workshopsresidenciesyouthevents



workshopstake workshops from professional instructors on painting, drawing, music, nature, woodworking, sculpture, fiber arts, jewelry, metalwork, photography, printmaking, writing and much more in a welcoming and inspiring setting. whether you are a returning workshop participant or discovering sitka for the first time, come and be a part of our art- and nature-inspired learning community.learn more



residenciessitka residencies offer time and space for self-directed work in an inspiring coastal forest setting. we support the creative practices of visual and performing artists, writers, scientists, educators, collaborators and interdisciplinary creatives, fostering exploration and the creation of new work, free from outside pressures or expectations.learn more



youthk-8 create is an arts education program serving school children across the north-central oregon coast, offering free arts and steam education through rural title 1 schools where arts access is limited.learn more



eventssitka events celebrate creativity and connection through engaging programs that inspire and inform. from artist and science talks to the annual sitka art invitational, we bring together practitioners and community members to share ideas, showcase work, and deepen appreciation for the intersection of art and ecology.learn more








                sitka is one of the very best resources on the beautiful oregon coast, not just for artists but for anyone who has wondered what to do with that spark of creativity within.
            

                – workshop participant
            





news + publicationsdecember, 2024
december 2024 director’s journal
read moredecember, 2024
reintroducing sitka’s original logo – interview with carol ferris
read moreoctober, 2024
2023 – 2025 youth impact report
read moreoctober, 2024
2024/2025 fall + winter guide
read more
sign up for email updates
get news from sitka center for art and ecology in your inbox.

	notice: javascript is required for this content.





by submitting this form, you are consenting to receiving emails from sitka center.
 

sitka centerfor art + ecology

workshops
residencies
youth
events
about
support sitka
contact
employment
journals + news
 visit us:56605 sitka drive
otis, or 97368contact:541-994-5485
info@sitkacenter.orgoffice hours:mon-thur
10am-4pm 

facebook
instagram
flickr
youtube
 
site index
terms & conditions
privacy policy
 © 2024 sitka center for art and ecologytax id# 23-7087718 





 






































