







isba home



























 


















homejoin isbadirectoryjoin isba formboardscholarships / grantsawardsrules and criteriaquick start entry guidepublic servicejobsprogramseasabipncsa televisionncsa radiocontact usadmin editing


https://online-kaszinók-listája.hu/
https://bts-365.link/
https://288bet.co/
https://keto-light.eu/
https://opdproje.org/prostonic-ultra/


 








representing idaho broadcasters
networking
advocacy
resources







copyright 2025 - joomla 3 hostgator - custom text here


 


recognition click here

the annual "best in broadcasting" awards program allows our broadcasters to strut their stuff with other broadcasters!



 


membership click here

just like that saying: "membership has it's rewards"  join a tradition that is still trending, join the isba! learn more!



 


programs click here

isba programs are designed to bring additional information and community based awareness to idaho







 

search isba






 


	{{#image}}
        


	{{/image}}
    
{{text}}
{{subtext}}

 
 




thank you for all that you do!


















			the 2024 awards banquet.  recognizing the hard work from local broadcasters


this years award banquet celebrated the achievements of idaho broadcasters in both television and radio.  it's great to see the work of the top professionals that have chosen to make idaho their home and provide insightful and indepth stories, as well as the work of the rookies just joining the industry.  great work...everybody.

	also, congratulations to tom scott, the latest receipiant of the lifetime achievement award.  see his induction video in the article below  

	 

	 

click here if you'd like to see the awards deck from the show


					see photos from the banquet  the 2024 awards banquet.  recognizing the hard work from local broadcasters








			2024 lifetime achievement award – tom scott




	 

	 

	 

	 

	 

	 




isba lifetime achievement award, tom scott

	 

each year isba recognizes an individual that has had a significant impact on broadcasting in the state of idaho with the lifetime achievement award.  there have been some remarkable idahoans inducted over the years, and this year is no exception.  welcome tom scott

	 

click here to watch his induction video as shown at the isba 2024 "best in broadcasting" awards banquet.

	 

	 

	 



					read more: 2024 lifetime achievement award – tom scott






			membership has it's benefits


membership in any professional organization related to your business had untold benefits.  in the isba, you help to build the broadcast community, get information about recent regulatory activity, stay up-to-date on the latest technologies and trends, network with peers, post jobs, just to name a few.

	membership saves you a lot of money in reduced fees and the "first for free" entry benefit where you get the first entry into any category for free!

	amazing deals and networking by being an active part of the idaho state broadcasters!  click here for a membership form and call lisa owens at 208-345-3072 and join.  with the awards program starting up in a few days, your entry fees could save you more than the membership cost!  check it out.








			grants and scholarships




	 

	 

	 

	 

the idaho state broadcasters association, founded in 1950, is organized to further the interests of broadcasters in idaho. professional enrichment of the membership is one of the principles of isba and, in that context, the encouragement of students considering broadcasting as a career is an important isba mission.


					read more: grants and scholarships






			participating in the ncsa program for radio and tv


isba non-commercial sustaining announcement program (ncsa)

	 

	 

	the ncsa program is designed to help organizations that operate in the public interest, such as non-profits and state agencies, get their messages heard in an organized manner. here's how it works:

	 


		a non-profit or government agency funds the isba to distribute their public education message. 

		the agency provides pre-recorded spots that the isba distributes to its member stations. 

		the agency then receives advertising time donated by isba broadcast stations. 

		station affidavits confirm when and where the message has aired.


	go to the television ncsa placement and affidavit documents as well as downloadable media here

	go to the radio ncsa placement and affidavit documents as well as downloadable media here

	more about getting your message out through the ncsa program


		 






more articles ...



			membership drive for 2023



			welcome to the isba



			getting your message out through the ncsa program



			emergency alert system





		page 1 of 2		
startprev12nextend 





















 




national  association of broadcasters...your broadcasting source


		 




 




the top resource for everything radio. get the latest trends straight from rab


		 




 




best in media...the simplest way of entering broadcasting awards online




		<div style="display:none;" class="nav_up" id="nav