



home - welldyne






















 










×


for pharmacies





                                    why welldyne
                                  



                                    who we serve
                                  


what we do


pharmacy benefit management


preferred pharmacy partner





                                    who we are
                                  



                                    news & insights
                                  



                                    contact us
                                  



                                    login for members
                                  




















 


members, manage your pharmacy benefits with ease using comprehensive online tools.
        login to your member website.







 



















discover the difference
between what you are getting and what you deserve from your pbm.  the difference is clear with welldyne.



































 



solving today’s healthcare challenges takes disruptive ideas and a bold partner willing to drive change.





3 in 10
americans say they haven’t taken their medicine as prescribed due to cost1





$300b
in annual healthcare costs due to medication non-adherence2





87%
of pharmacy spend due to people with 3 or more chronic conditions3























we’re leading
with a reinvented experience.
rooted in innovation, we have transformed our offering with evidence-based clinical programs that deliver optimal care at the best cost. we deploy intuitive technology to create greater member engagement and an improved experience. unrivaled transparency empowers plan sponsors with clear insights to more effectively manage their plans. we’re redefining the pbm experience to deliver real results.

see how we do it 






















preferred pharmacy partner
modular pharmacy services.
are you looking for disaggregated, stand-alone, unbundled, white-label or configurable components? we offer all of our pharmacy services on a modular basis, for healthcare organizations that need pieces of what we do. from mail order, central fill and specialty pharmacy to clinical programs, leading technology platforms and everything in-between, we’ll provide exactly what you need. we’ve been doing it for a decade – now offered through our operating partner, healthdyne.

visit the healthdyne site






















we believe
better begins today.
what worked in the past won’t work for our future. today, it’s about engaging people to own their health, understand their options and make informed decisions. it’s about helping people embrace the power of medications to manage their health conditions. and inspiring everyone to choose a healthy lifestyle — so they can live to their happiest and fullest potential.

why welldyne













news & insights
see all news & insights


























change starts now.
let’s work together to make pharmacy services better. ready to learn more? contact our team to start the conversation.
contact us













©2024
					welldyne.






why welldyne


who we serve


what we do


who we are






news & insights


careers


contact us










									follow us on linkedin
									
linkedin link














terms of service


privacy policy


notice of privacy practices


sources










 




