















chicken or the egg














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar







chicken or the egg



copyright © 2005-2011. all rights reserved.









monday, may 10, 2010





dear readers



some of you have been landing on this page after searching for material from old posts. these are no longer available online. the best of chicken or the egg blog is available in a book format for you to own. the chicky years is a collector's edition of over 180 posts from chicken or the egg and pause café blogs. these have been hand-selected by me and include all the favourites spanning the three year period.the book is available here and you can find out more information from the chicky years website.






scribed by chickybabe at
12:27 pm












categories:
chicken or the egg,
the chicky years








thursday, june 11, 2009





one year anniversary



time to pop the champagne!today marks the 1st anniversary of the launch of my book, the chicky years, and i’m very excited about sharing the celebration.for a limited time only, i am offering a virtual book signing. after you order your copy from lulu and notify me, i will personally autograph and send you a customised digital inscription which you can attach to the book or print as a label and stick in your copy.for more information, you can send me an email.    






scribed by chickybabe at
10:36 am












categories:
the chicky years










older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






about me





chickybabe


just a silhouette in the sand...

view my complete profile



about this blog

"chicken or the egg is a delightful blog regaling its readers with personal observations, theories, and experiences, splashed with bouts of playful creativity. its light heartedness, coupled with the outwardly friendly nature of the author fuse seamlessly and entertainingly. however, the blog's popularity could also be attributed to the comfortably and sometimes confronting forward femininity of the blogger." - andy of the inane asylum.



the chicky years links


the chicky years website
the chicky years book preview
the chicky years on facebook




statcounter










 






copyright 2005-2011 - all rights reserved. chickybaberules (at) gmail (dot) com









