





fisa foundation – improving the lives of women, girls, and people with disabilities
































































































































fisa foundation’s latest initiative: access to health care for people with disabilities  








 close menu











impactaccess to healthcare race + disability disability, inclusion, & access  morecommissioned reportsgrantsgrant  priorities   grant application   grants awarded our grantees aboutaboutlearn about our organizationstrategic plan  2021-2026   history of the fisa foundation  board & staff   financial info newscontactlogin











promoting health and wellbeing for women, girls, and people with disabilities in southwestern pennsylvania

learn more









disability, access to healthcare
access to healthcare initiative






disability, race + disability
race + disability










race + disability
understandingintersectional oppression






women + girls
southwest pasays no more






lorem ipsum
dolor sit ametadipiscing elit










our mission


fisa foundation champions equity, justice, safety, and inclusion for women, girls, and people with disabilities, combating systemic racism that impedes progress for these populations in southwestern pennsylvania.



learn about fisa’s strategic priorities
learn more  


apply for funding
learn more  



view  updates about our latest programming

learn more  









fisa news, grantee
fisa awards october 2024 grants to uplift women, girls, and people with disabilities


access to healthcare, fisa news
fisa foundation hosts “hear us: improving health-care access for people with disabilities”


fisa news, race & disability
combatting voter suppression at the intersection of race and disability: race + disability webinar recap







grantee spotlight

autism urbanconnections



autism urban connections is the first and only african american, minority, family focused autism nonprofit in pennsylvania.  the organization was founded by jamie upshaw, a black woman whose autistic son was misdiagnosed as a young child, thereby missing key opportunities for early intervention. her experience is not unique; research demonstrates that for african american children, there is an average 3-year delay between first parental developmental concern and autism spectrum disorder (asd) diagnosis.








grantee spotlight

pennsylvania health law project



when millie, a 35-year-old blind woman with cerebral palsy and a seizure disorder who lives alone, learned that the personal care services she receives through her community health choices managed care plan would be significantly cut, she was worried and distraught. because millie needs an aid to enjoy activities in the community, her independence and safety would be considerably curtailed if these cuts were implemented. fortunately, millie had pennsylvania health law project to turn to for help. a phlp case-handler documented why she needed these services which became a critical piece of evidence for millie’s hearing, which ultimately helped to ensure that her personal care services were retained. 








grantee spotlight

black women’s policy center



pittsburgh is often lauded as among the most livable cities in the country. while this may be true for some, it is certainly not the case for black women. rochelle jackson, a black woman with decades of public policy experience, is well aware of the racial and gender inequities that black women experience in pittsburgh. she launched the black women’s policy center to change systems and policies to ensure that black women don’t just survive but thrive. 













join our email listsubscribe for updates









535 smithfield street, suite 710pittsburgh, pa 15222412-456-5550

contactfinancialsprivacyaccessibility
return to top
back to home














