








mu conference office | mu extension





























skip to navigation
skip to content







tactical menu


people


counties


news






search


search

















 












menu






            topics
            



            programs
            



            online courses
            



            events
            



            publications
            



            products/services
            



            missouri 4-h
            









breadcrumb


home


programs


mu conference office






















mu conference office















are you a leader in your field or association who would love to get the brightest minds together to discuss topical issues? however, does the thought of planning an event seem overwhelming? costly? unfeasible with your current staff?
for more than 50 years, the mu conference office has provided full-service event planning for organizations, government agencies and university departments. our clients bring the content and our seasoned staff implement high quality educational events that exceed the expectations of the attendees!
let the mu conference office help you implement a distinctive conference that meets your budget and exceeds your objectives. we provide a full range of services which are customizable to your conference — whether being hosted on campus or at any location worldwide. we would love to meet with you to discuss how we can create an individualized service package that is tailored to your budget and objectives.
message us for more information or request services today.






mu conference office






faculty and staff



conference management services



conference office professional certification



earning ceus / transcript requests



faq








mu extension staff and faculty information






















resources






event submission form
add events you want to appear on the mu extension website.





mu conference office (muco) services (pdf)
muco - flyer about mu conference office and the services they provide.





program/event budget worksheet (xls)
tool to assist in calculating appropriate fees based on expenses and revenue. 







registration services (pdf)
mu conference office online registration and payment service








  more resources


















location_on
1400 rock quarry rdq125 rock quarry centercolumbia, mo 65211-0001




phone

573-882-4349





description
complete this form to request mu conference office services.





 message us




visit our website






location_on




















pagination



next page
next ›

























mu logo
university of missouri



connect with mu extension




use our contact form
find a specialist
find an office near you
donate


about us
careers
equal opportunity/ada institution
español




for employees
extension councils
noncredit conversion policy
permissions policy


return/refund policies
shipping policy
privacy policy
terms and conditions














mu is an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disabled and veteran employer and does not discriminate on the basis of sex in our education programs or activities, pursuant to title ix and 34 cfr part 106. for more information, visit mu’s nondiscrimination policy or the office of institutional equity.








© 2025 — curators of the university of missouri. all rights reserved. dmca and other copyright information. privacy policy



















