



track guy consultants -- best source for railroad track training, railroad track inspection, trackwork training, fra and apta training





















 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 









































































































 

 

 



track construction handbooks. track guy consultants has developed a series of handbooks for the track construction supervisor. each handbooks is dedicated to a specific track form. visit track construction handbooks  for complete details.


welcome to track guy consultants -- your best source for railroad track training, railroad track inspection, trackwork training, fra and apta training. 


ever needed an introductory course to learn more about the means and methods of track construction and how it works? 
          visit training
ever wonder where you can learn track construction, track design, track maintenance, track safety?
          visit trackwork 101
what are the new apta safety standards?
          visit apta training 
ever wonder how we build track safely? 
          visit training modules
ever wonder who is responsible for what? 
          visit project management 
ever wonder who is the track guy? 
          visit about john zuspan
ever wonder if you could do trackwork in-house? 
          visit contractor assistance 
ever wonder how to properly control the track design process and control the track project? 
          visit quality control
ever wanted to understand the 3 e's of trackwork? 
          visit bid preparation 
ever wanted an inspection of your track? 
          visit track inspection
ever wanted to build a better, more cost effective track design? 
          visit value engineering 
ever wanted a scale model to explain reality? 
          visit scale modeling 
ever wonder if you are going to make money? 
          visit cost management 
ever wonder what's going on the the track world? 
          visit newsletters 


if you answered 'yes' to any of these questions, then give track guy a call. let's talk track!

our mission

to continually educate ourselves, newcomers and veterans in the railroad industry, to share our experiences, our knowledge and our ideas -- thus enabling the rail industry to work towards combining safety, quality, and efficiency in order to maintain the highest levels of integrity and innovation while preserving the art of railroad track construction for the united states of america and throughout the world. 
 the rail renaissance is upon us and passenger transportation systems are being constructed in cities all across the united states of america. tax credits have been implemented to help short lines upgrade infrastructure to accommodate the ever increasing loads that the class 1 railroads are hauling while cities and states are generating funding for the construction. 
we must build and maintain the track structure the right way or railroad safety, quality, and integrity will be compromised and this great industry will (literally and figuratively) derail. at present, there are not enough skilled and experienced workers in this rail industry to handle this growing opportunity. there will be new track guys on the block that need to be trained and mentored until they gain the experience that is necessary in order to maintain the absolute integrity of track construction and safeguard the riding public. this must be our #1 priority. quality of construction, safety of the track structure and a responsible attitude toward passenger safety is a must. 
 track guy consultants provides that "warm fuzzy feeling" of knowing that your track is safe. together, we can and will make a difference.

contact us 

john zuspan, president 
          track guy consultants 
          934 royal court
          canonsburg, pa 15317 
           mobile: 973 222-1300
email: zuspan@trackguy.com


 
 



 
 
 
 


copyright  © 2004-2022 track guy consultants


web site design and development by www.web-makeovers.com 





