








graham mayor - home page















graham mayor
... helping to ease the lives of microsoft word users.





home
what's new
word pages
links
downloads
photo gallery
search
contact








you appear to be using ad blocking software. while i respect your right to do so, please be aware
	that the minimal advertising on this site helps defray the cost of providing this facility, and i would therefore ask that you turn off 
	the blocker while browsing this site.

return to top









					 
welcome to my web site ...
i began this web site to provide a record of some of my 
				favourite tips and as a gallery for sharing some of my 
				photographs. it keeps me amused when i have nothing better to 
				do.
here you will find numerous pages of tips, tutorials and 
				downloadable add-ins to enable you to get the best from some of 
				the more obscure features of microsoft word and to replace 
				features that microsoft neglected to include.
there are several photo galleries which record places in what 
				was my 
				adopted country for many years, cyprus, and from travels in the british isles. 
				i am currently in the process of relocating to the uk, though 
				this may take some time.
you will also find photographs of the assorted feral cats which 
				have visited my garden for food and shelter.
disclaimer
the various tips and links on this site were 
			developed and provided as a courtesy to the microsoft word user 
			community.

			while i have performed testing to ensure that 
			each process is performed reliably and without risk to the document 
			structure or data, i make no representations or warranties of any 
			kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, 
			reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the add-in 
			or any of the processes that it is intended to perform. any reliance 
			you place on an add-in or individual processes is therefore strictly 
			at your own risk.

			in no event will i be liable for any loss or 
			damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss 
			or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of 
			data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of 
			this material.

			through the various links and third party advertising, you may be directed to 
			other websites which are not under the control of www.gmayor.com. i 
			have no control over the nature, content and availability of those 
			sites. the inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a 
			recommendation or endorsement of the views (or products) expressed within them.
			

			i am committed to reasonable effort to address user comments, suggestions for improvement and technical 
			assistance associated with the add-ins and macros published on this 
			site. however, i am not bound in any way to address those comments, 
			suggestions for improvement, or provide technical assistance.














				many people access the material from this web site daily. 
				most just take what they want and run. that's ok, provided they 
				are not selling on the material as their own; however if your 
				productivity gains from the material you have used, a donation 
				from the money you have saved would help to ensure the continued 
				availability of this resource. click the appropriate button 
				above to access paypal.

 






 
 
 






share









 





			 

			following early retirement in the 1990s, i became something of a newsgroup 
			junkie, and in 2002 was invited to join the ranks of microsoft's mvp 
			team for my contributions in the microsoft word newsgroups and more 
			recently the microsoft office answers forums and a number of third 
			party forums. 
			

				my association with the mvp program ended in june 2019. 










 





copyright graham mayor â©2012.

home | 
			what's new | 
			word pages | 
 			links | 
 			downloads | 
 			photo gallery | 
			search |
 			contact








