





williams township | northampton county, pa



































































655 cider press road • easton, pennsylvania 18042 • 610-258-6788655 cider press road • easton, pennsylvania 18042 • 610-258-6788




homedepartmentsboards & committeesgeneral infoapplications & formscalendarnewshomedepartmentsboards & committeesgeneral infoapplications & formscalendarnewshomedepartmentsboards & committeesgeneral infoapplications & formscalendarnews655 cider press road • easton, pennsylvania 18042 • 610-258-6788655 cider press road • easton, pennsylvania 18042
610-258-6788




 



welcome to williams townshipwe are a community of rolling hills, farmland and woodland with great scenic beauty. quick links


zoning informationclick here 

pay your sewer billclick here 

contact infoclick here 

forms & docsclick here 

tax informationclick here 

parks informationclick here 

emergency servicesclick here 


prev
next


williams township newslatest announcements




annual shredding event


summer recreation applications


summer recreation


recycling center


ash tree’s


pa animal response team seeking volunteers


penndot announces virtual plans display for route 611 retaining wall project in williams township


new! sign up to receive important alerts!


road-killed deer info


chrin landfill blasting information




visit our municipal officeour municipal office is located at 655 cider press road, easton, pennsylvania 18042.
here you will find a walking trail, pavilion, ball fields, tennis courts, and a playground for children. this is all available for our township residents use during daylight hours. the pavilion is available to rent for your use. the walking trail is .34 of a mile once around. it is a great place to exercise!
our park in raubsville is also available for your use. it also has a pavilion available for rent and a ball field, tennis court and playground. it is located right off of route 611 on keifer & young street.
please call the office for further information at 610-258-6788.
our missionwilliams township is a community that emphasizes balanced well-planned growth, while continually guiding changes to serve the public interest, and to provide residents with a very high quality of life that is affordable.
it includes older villages and newer developments. these homes are not far from many excellent opportunities for employment.
our primary mission is to protect the health, safety and general welfare of its residents.





homedepartmentsboards & committeesgeneral infoapplications & formscalendarnewshomedepartmentsboards & committeesgeneral infoapplications & formscalendarnewshomedepartmentsboards & committeesgeneral infoapplications & formscalendarnews© 2020 williams township municipal office • 655 cider press road, easton, pennsylvania 18042 • phone: 610-258-6788

homedepartmentsboards & committeesgeneral infoapplications & formscalendarnewshomedepartmentsboards & committeesgeneral infoapplications & formscalendarnews
 
 


important township information:  
we are accepting applications for summer rec counselors for 2025. all applications must be in by friday, march 28, 2025. applications can be picked up at the municipal office from 7:30 am. to 4:00 pm.
annual shredding event – saturday, may 3, 2025.   event hours: 9am to 11am at the public works building, 2540 morgan hill road - click here for details.
with winter coming, we want to remind our residents that it is illegal to push, shovel or otherwise deposit snow upon the cartway of any public highway, street or road maintained by the township or the state.
williams township municipal office is not affiliated with any williams township community facebook pages.
please be aware: all access on canal road will be on the south end, as the north end is closed until further notice.
any door-to-door individual selling goods or services must have a license from the township. the individual must show the license to all residents. 
notice: please contact the township zoning office before you start your project to determine if a permit is required.
interested in serving on a township committee?  williams township board of supervisors are seeking individuals who have an interest in serving on the land preservation board, appeals board and the recreation board.  please email your letter of interest to melody ernst, township manager.
would you like to learn more about ash tree's? please click the link!
get the williams township pass
are you on mobile? click here to get the pass!

















