


home | the riverdale press | www.riverdalepress.com















































            35°, light rain and fog/mist            














          february 16, 2025        

register
log in

            subscribe
          










 facebook
          

 twitter
          

 email us
          









toggle navigation

















                      home                    

·

news


                            politics                          


                            crime                          


                            hyperlocal                          


                            features                          



·

                      obituaries                    

·

living


                            culture                          


                            home of the week                          


                            film and theater                          



·

schools


                            public schools                          


                            private schools                          


                            colleges                          



·

sports


                            youth                          


                            high school                          


                            college                          



·

opinion


                            editorials                          


                            op-eds                          


                            letters                          



·

                      classified                    

·

                      living in riverdale                    

·

subscribe


                            manage my subscription                          




























top stories





are manhattan u students to blame for the noise?














						residents surrounding the off-campus manhattan university dorm at 440 w. 238th st. expressed their growing frustration over loud and disruptive parties. 

 according to several complaints filed  …					



unity democratic club’s second round of endorsements














						in pursuit of claiming or reclaiming both local and citywide positions, the candidates are off and running in what could result in several heated races for bronx borough president, city council and  …					













						who is whitney tilson and why does he want to be mayor?					


					mention the name whitney tilson and for many, it doesn’t ring a bell, which is why the mayoral candidate sees himself as a “dark horse” for the upcoming election.  

 tilson,  …				










						seton park gets a revamp and ramps					


					seton park has been improved with renovations, including the addition of a new skatepark and an adult fitness area, providing the surrounding communities with modern, active spaces for them to enjoy. 

  …				










						santa fe grill reopens with new bar, new floor, new drinks					


					beers and margaritas flowed freely as servers passed complimentary trays of shrimp cocktail and a four-piece mariachi band blared into the night at sante fe grill. 

 the tex-mex restaurant at 6025  …				







			read more news			








search




advanced search










find us on facebook

facebook











news from the neighborhoods...




 
						what's in a name? history of kingsbridge					
 
					named after the first bridge in new york and buried under layers of concrete, the 0.31 square miles of kingsbridge has a rich history. 

 during the 19th century, the kingsbridge neighborhood  …				






 
						providing shelter one street at a time					
 
					it was a bitter night on jan. 30 as hundreds of volunteers across nyc canvassed the alleys, train stations and parks after midnight as part of the department of homeless services (dhs) annual  …				







 
						touch down at these watering holes for super bowl lix					
 
					bars across the city are expecting large crowds this sunday as they prepare for super bowl lix on sunday, feb. 9 and so are your favorite watering holes in the northwest bronx.  

 this year,  …				




 







						opinion					












 
						dei = didn’t expect it					
 
					on his first day in office, which ironically coincided with martin luther king day, the white house put out an executive order titled, “ending radical and wasteful government dei programs and  …				



 
						promise for a just new york city					
 
					in september 2007, i started working as a public school special education teacher. from the very first day, i strived to help every single student that walked through the doors of my classroom. it  …				




 
						let's stand up for our neighbors					
 
					“to flee in order to breathe freedom, life”—that’s how a famous long-ago neighbor, the conductor arturo toscanini, explained his immigrating to riverdale in 1938 from fascist  …				




 
						trump's america feels eerily familiar					
 
					to the editor: 

 i am truly amazed at the swiftness of how trump is changing america for the worse. the most egregious is making elon musk -- the apartheid baby and supporter of the far-right in  …				







 
						we are not powerless					
 
					to the editor: 

 i am responding to a letter sent to the press from an anonymous individual, in the  thursday, jan. 23 issue. the person thanked the press and members of the media for  …				






 
						the local act: a win-win for main streets and local newsrooms					
 
					small businesses are the heartbeat of our communities. they are the corner stores, family-owned restaurants, and local service providers that fuel our neighborhoods, create jobs, and drive economic  …				




 









                terms of use              
                                            |  
                                            advertising              
                                            |  
                                            contact us              
                                            |  
                                            home              


            © 2025, richner communications, inc.
              |  
            powered by creative circle media solutions










