







home - the uk rivers guidebook









































ukrgb
the uk rivers guidebook






































×
sign in










username











password							






remember me 



log in





					forgot your username?



					forgot your password?




						other login issue, see the faq





 



login or register with:

facebook



email






toggle navigation





 sign in

ukrgb


homecommunityrivers englandnorth eastnorth westmidlandssouth eastsouth westscotlandfar northnorth eastwest highlandscentral highlandssouthern uplandswalesnorthsouthriver sep
gradesreportsgeneralenglandscotlandwaleseuropenorth americalatin americaafricaasiaoceaniasea uk sea kayak guidebooksea seperator
almanaccentres and hirereviewsrepairs and maintenancetripsenglandscotlandwalesirelandworldhistorical resourcesfaq passwords and accountsusing the forum



 sign in 










home















			the uk rivers guidebook		








  
		print	 



 
 



from the forum...


packraft jonah - sean_soup 15/02/2025 - did everyone see this? what an amazing experience!    buoyancy aid with big pockets - foreveryoung 12/02/2025 - i started sea kayaking nearly 2 years ago, with absolutely no watersports background. so when choosing a ba, i tried a few to find one which was...recommendations for kayak tours near galway - markj 11/02/2025 - hi, my wife and i are planning a trip to ireland in september. we are coming from canada and are looking for a recommendation for a tour company...goldilocks and the greenland paddles? - grian 10/02/2025 - my first gp was second-hand homemade 210cm wooden paddle and i loved it. i subsequently bought two professionally made gps that are more refined....arrow ivalu? - oyvindbl 09/02/2025 - the arrow ivalu was a low volume greenland style kayak produced for only a few years beforetahe marine purchased arrow kayaks and ended the...
 



 
read more: the uk rivers guidebook











latest updates



				thurso river			





				river medway - the twyford bridge weir.			





				river medway - tonbridge to allington			





				river north tyne - falstone to wark			





				river coquet - rothbury to anglers arms (weldon mill)			





				river ure - appersett to aysgarth mill			





				river south tyne - alston to slaggyford			





				the uk rivers guidebook			





				river dee - ty mawr country park to overton bridge			





				river black water			





				afon tywi - llyn brianne dam to junction pool			





				afon tywi - junction pool to dolauhirion			













back to top

© the uk rivers guidebook 2025





