


cs home - department of computer science

























































skip to main content


















department of computer science


navigation


about

about uschair’s messagehistory & backgroundcomputer science advantagesfaculty from cs@ucffaculty awards & honorscs student of the yearcs@ucf newslettersfaculty & staff resourcesstudent organizations
academics

academic advisingundergraduate degreesundergraduate resourcescomputer science placement testgraduate admissionscurrent graduate studentsgraduate degrees
accreditationresearch

research areasresearch labsfaculty research profilespublicationsindustry
people

faculty administratorsfacultyfaculty by research areastafffaculty awards & honors
contactjobs 






department of computer science



college of engineering and computer science@ucf


 


 





skip to section














welcome to computer science at ucf
our continuing mission is to advance knowledge and the state of the art of computing. we tackle this mission through both education and research. 
in terms of education, we offer bachelor of science (bs) degrees in computer science and information technology. we also offer master of science (ms) degrees in computer science, computer vision, cyber security and privacy, data analytics, digital forensics, and financial technology (fintech). finally, we offer doctorate of philosophy (phd) degrees in computer science and big data analytics. 
in terms of research, we have distinguished faculty that actively conduct research in the many areas listed above. our department is one of the top u.s. computer science institutions based on csrankings.org, regularly ranking in the top 50 for computer vision, visualization, computational biology, human-computer interaction, and computer architecture.
chair’s message
 












mission & objectives
the mission of the department of computer science is to advance human understanding of computing through education and research. in education, our goal is to educate students to become effective team members and leaders, to have excellent communications and technical skills, and to prepare them for successful professional careers or advanced research, as appropriate. in research, our goal is to perform high-impact research that advances human understanding and benefits the economy and society.







computer science mission







information technology mission




















cs facts & figures
for more facts and figures, please see below link.
highlights





top  50
top 50 in csrankings.org for publishing in the most selective cs conferences


16th
ucf is ranked 16th most innovative school
2020 list in u.s. news and world report


10th
2018 international collegiate programming contest


3-time
national collegiate cyber defense champions
















events 





past events
 




 
current news 






news


an idea, thousands of dollars and (3 years later) a breakthrough
two ucf students leaned on one priceless principle while developing an ai system that has exceeded their wildest expectations: “we refuse to quit.” how’s this…











faculty


ucf helps develop ai tool that may assist underserved hospitals
  the open-source ai model analyzes medical images, generates detailed reports, answers clinical questions and integrates multimodal data to streamline diagnostics and improve accuracy. as…











faculty


cecs hires additional 11 faculty for spring semester
the new faculty are part of a larger hiring initiative for the college. the ucf college of engineering and computer science has witnessed unprecedented faculty…






more news stories





thirteen research areas. unlimited possibilities.
research in computer science spans a wide range of topics.
at ucf, research in computer science emphasizes:

innovative uses for computation
studies of issues surrounding computation
investigations into the nature of computation




 bioinformatics and systems biology



computer architecture



computer graphics



computer security and digital forensics



computer vision



database



image and video processing



machine learning and ai



networking and mobile computing



parallel computation



software engineering and systems



theory of computing, algorithms and quantum computing



virtual reality and hci



























