






















quality ready made & pre-made shade sails with 15 year warranty for immediate delivery




reviews 

customer reviews



how to

measuring for a shade sail
shade sail installation
shade sail check list



need to know

recycling program
delivery
shade cloth colours
warranty
privacy
terms & conditions



information

about us
payments
shade sail faqs



talk to us

ask a question



register / login

register/registered click here
new buyer



☰

  

green champions at heart: 100% recyclable products, always!














suppliers of the best ready & pre-made shade sails



residential catalogue


commercial catalogue


welcome to our shade sail shop!
i really need to share with you what makes sail shade world ready made and premade shade sails so different from other fixed size shade sails available on the internet and through hardware stores. we make the best quality shade sails with best available materials, we provide warranties of up to 15 years, we have a 98% customer satisfaction rating and our shade sails will arrive within 7 days  in 





five shade sails by the ocean



four massive shade sails in maltajpg



mouning detail for shade sail



muliple sail in school in reunion



multiple shade sails protecting young kids



pair of shade sails in france



perfect shade



playground in le reunion



protecting the kids in texas



sail shade on a boat deck in the mediterranean



shade sail in dakar



shade sail with snow load in mn



shade sails in quebec



shade area in madagascar



shade covering a deck in australia



shade sail as a screen in the uk



shade sail covered deck



shade sail over pool



shaded landrover in madrid



ten shade sails protecting a playground



three sails over pool in baja mexico



three shade sail in arizona



threee shade sails in government building le reuinion



twin shade sails in france



very large sail well tensioned in spain



cafe in montreal



shade sail in hawaii



shade sails at work in australia



shade sails complete this view



terrace shade in south of france



two shade sail south of france









our shade sails cost more but last longer
generally, you can expect to pay between $15 and $250 (usd) for the sort of shade sails shown in this picture. warranty will be 0 to 2 years, but it is unlikely you would be enforce it. most of these sails will offer shade but no uv protection, they only use webbing at the corners so they cannot be tensioned without being ripped apart. they will not have stainless fittings. their prices will not include delivery. 

   




our prices, shipping included, for this same size sails is a lot more but you are buying a product that will give you many years of service backed by a reputable company who value you as a customer. if you ever need help all you have to do is click the 'talk to 'us' link. 

yes we are more expensive but you get what you pay for! we provide quality, longevity, excellent customer service, fast delivery and  substantial warranties. if you are happy to buy shade sails that fall apart in the first storm, do not protect you from uv and will likely need replacing every year or so then we are not the supplier for you!

shade sail installation & shade sail design
in the main menu select 'how to' and you will find very detailed instructions for installating you shade sail and measuring correctly.

shade sail materials - commercial or residential
unlike other fixed size shade sail sellers we offer two types of shade sail materials to suit your application and budget. this also means a choice of 29 sizes and over 20 colors. 

shade sails are hand made and not mass produced
when we talk about premade or ready made shade sails we really mean is they are pre-templated. each shade sail is individually hand made and not mass produced. this means our quality control procedures are much more rigorous than others.  

commercial shade sails with useful life of over 15 years
these shade sails are made from commercial ninetyfive 340 from gale pacific with a 50mm webbing and 10mm marine grade stainless steel mountings.

commercial 95 is a high quality, heavy duty knitted shade cloth. specifically developed as a very strong and stable outdoor fabric for use in tension structures and shade sails, it offers the ultimate combination of maximum sun protection, strength and durability to ensure long life performance.
15 year warranty useful life expected to be closer to 20 years when looked after.

residential shade sails with useful life of over 10 years
our lightweight pre made shade sails are designed for temporary use. they are not designed to be used for tensioned permanent installation and should be taken down in bad weather and stored through the winter months.
5 year warranty useful life expected to be closer to 10 years when looked after.
note: a customer in australia, this month (nov 24), asked me if his 11 year old permanently mounted and tensioned residential shade sail was still under warranty because mildew had got into the seams. it shouldn't have been tensioned and it was not cared for but still lasted 11 years! 

why choose sail shade world for your sun shade sails?

 unmatched quality: crafted with premium materials and meticulous attention to detail, our shade sails are built to last.  our discreetly woven name is a testament to our commitment to excellence.
 fast & reliable shipping:  enjoy global delivery within 7 days or less via dhl express.
 exceptional customer service:  our dedicated team is here to assist you every step of the way. contact us anytime!
 extensive selection: find the perfect shade sail for your needs from our wide range of sizes and colors.
 15-year warranty (commercial) / 5-year warranty (residential):  we stand behind the quality of our products.
 60+ years of experience:  we're industry leaders with a proven track record.


shop by catalog




residential catalogue


commercial catalogue

 for your convenience, we offer afterpay in certain regions. afterpay allows you to make purchases now and pay for them in four equal installments, due every two weeks. if afterpay is available in your region, it will be automatically displayed as a payment option at checkout.

shade sail sizes
we have 6 sizes in 90° triangles from 3m x 4m x 5m to 5m x 7m x 8.6m
we have 6 sizes in triangles from 3m x 3m x 3m to 4m x 6m x 6m
we have 4 sizes in squares from 3m x 3m to 5m x 5m
we have 12 sizes in rectangles from 2.5m x 3m to 5m x 7m
for the commercial shade sails we have 22 colours to choose from and for residential there are 11 colours.
commercial sails have 50mm (2 inch) seat belt webbing with 10mm d shaped buckles, the residential has 38mm (1.5 inch) seat belt webbing with 8mm triangle shaped buckles. in both instances the buckles are 316 marine stainless steel.  click the images below to see detail.











easy 7-step ordering process

pick residential or commercial catalogue
select suitable size
choose color
specify quantity
complete delivery details
pay with credit card
receive your shade sail in 7 days!


 
last update: december 27, 2024			       



copyright © 2025 roland sharman. all rights reserved.

all material appearing on this page (content) is protected by copyright under copyright laws and is the property of sail shade world pty ltd, ulpia gmbh or the party credited as the provider of the content. you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, display, perform, modify, create derivative works, transmit, or in any way exploit any such content, nor may you distribute any part of this content over any network, including a local area network, sell or offer it for sale, or use such content to construct any kind of database. you may not alter or remove any copyright or other notice from copies of the content on any of ulpia's websites. copying or storing any content except as provided above is expressly prohibited without prior written permission of the ulpia gmbh or the copyright holder identified in the individual content's copyright notice.












