





 
consolidated gold mine - underground gold mine tours




































































   






skip to content
 

 home page


open site navigation


explore

underground tours
gemstone mining
gold panning
group rates
the gem studio
around dahlonega
faqs


our history
contact & directions

explore

underground tours
gemstone mining
gold panning
group rates
the gem studio
around dahlonega
faqs


our history
contact & directions











dahlonega’s only underground gold mine tour!

start exploring










open 7 days a week
rain or shine
no reservations taken for parties under 25 people.
guests visiting on weekdays may experience longer wait times during morning hours between 10 am and noon.  we are busiest during the morning hours on most weekdays as we host large groups in the mornings.  feel free to email or call ahead if you would like to know about a specific day.  no reservations taken for groups less than 25 people.  to contact us: contact & directions


hours

mon-fri 10:00am – 4:00pm
sat-sun  10:00am – 5:00pm
easter sunday- closed
thanksgiving day – closed
christmas eve open 10 am – 1 pm. arrive by noon.
christmas day – closed
open all other holidays with posted hours. 


location
185 consolidated gold mine roaddahlonega, ga 30533

map & directions









start your adventure underground
looking for something fun to do in dahlonega? want a unique vacation destination? well look no further than consolidated gold mines, north georgia’s only underground experience in a real gold mine.

view details











gem mining
starting at:
$30
dig family style in one of our shareable buckets. 
we offer buckets for the beginner and the professionals alike. use our water-powered flumes to find emeralds, rubies, sapphires, topaz, amethyst, quartz, moonstone, garnets, and much much more!

learn more





underground tour
adult tickets:
$24.95
child tickets:
$15.95 
age 3-12 years
2 and under free
includes a 40-minute tour over 20 stories underground, gold panning instruction from award-winning panners, and a free gold sample to try your luck.




gold panning
starting at:
$40
do you only have eyes for gold? gold panning is offered separately from the tour as well and includes ore and instructions. 

learn more










discover beautiful gems
emeralds, rubies and sapphires, oh my!
find fantastic treasures with every scoop of our gemstone ore. for families, beginners and professionals alike, guests can use our water-powered flumes to find all kinds of precious and semiprecious gemstones. our experts are on-site to help you identify your finds and our on-site lapidary studio can cut raw gems into beautiful jewelry that you can treasure for a lifetime.

view details






group rates


parties of 25 or more that schedule a minimum of 1-week ahead are eligible for group discount packages. a single payment is required to get the group rate. teachers and travel coordinators can download our group planning guide.

ask about group tours



group packages options
underground tour + gem miningunderground tour + gold panningunderground tour + gold and gems





#1 gold mine east of the mississippivoted top 10 by usa today


did you know that we are home to the gold that covers the ga state capitol dome?



dahlonega’s gold rush
photo: massive 120-stamp mill used to remove gold from ore, est. 1880’s.
dahlonega is proudly the site of the first major us gold rush with gold being discovered in 1828, twenty years before the california gold rush. miners used a variety of techniques to remove gold from the mountains. early miners could simply pick nuggets from creeks or with simple panning, but as gold became more scarce mining style changed.
the mine was abandoned for 75-years, until a coal mining family from kentucky, wishing for a change of occupation, brought new life to the mine and gave visitors a chance to experience a turn of the century underground mine.

our history







we accept visa, mastercard and discover debit and credit cards and cash.  we do not accept american express or personal checks.






get connectedfacebook
youtube
tripadvisor
yelp
hours open 7 days a week, rain or shine
monday – friday 10:00am – 4:00pm
saturday and sunday 10:00am – 5:00pm
closed easter sunday
closed thanksgiving day
christmas eve open 10am – 1 pm  arrive by noon
closed christmas day
all other holidays open regular posted hours.
address:
185 consolidated gold mine rd
dahlonega, ga 30533
we accept visa, mastercard, discover debit and credit cards, as well as cash.  we do not accept american express or personal checks.
 
guests visiting on weekdays may experience longer wait times during morning hours between 10 am and noon. we are busiest during the morning hours on most weekdays as we host large groups in the mornings.
feel free to email or call ahead if you would like to know about a specific day. no reservations taken for groups less than 25 people.






all content copyright © 2025 consolidated gold mine  

developed by app studios, llc

































