




valleylandfund


































































































































































 
















donate











about

get involved


conservation efforts

landowner resources


events

workshops


photo contest
shop

my cart


contact us
 









✕























 




 




 




 








 who we are
preserve, expand, and enhance.
 the heart of the valley land fund conservation efforts has been protecting the native wildlife habitat in the rio grande valley for the last 30 years. in that time, we have achieved enormous success and have protected over 11,000+ acres of wildlife habitat. we are committed to educating the public about the importance of land conservation and protection of our natural resources.   learn more

valley land fund is involved in a number of conservation projects from falcon dam to spi.
this program was designed to have kids explore & photograph the natural areas in south texas.
as a landowner, find out how you can play a crucial role in the conserving wildlife in south texas today.areas of focuswildlifehabitats
waterresources
workinglands
 heritagelands 
facts


of native habitat has disappeared from south texasacres steward by the valley land funddiverse biotic communities are scattered across habitats of south texas shop
explore our books
let one of our books take you across the brush land, grassland, water holes and backyards of deep south texas. each is filled with magnificent one of a kind photographs of the regional wild lands. show me
explore our books
let one of our six books take you across the bushland, grassland, water holes and backyards of deep south texas. each is filled with magnificent one of a kind photographs of the regional wild lands.show me

areas we serveview an area map to see the work we are doing across the rio grande valley.map
how can you help?please join the valley land fund in protecting, expanding and enhancing the native wildlife habitat of south texas.

donate
friends of vlf
thank you to our partners in conservation















about us the heart of the valley land fund conservation efforts has been protecting the native wildlife in the rio grande valley for the last 35 years.
in that time, we have achieved enormous success and have protected over 11,000+ acres of wildlife habitat.
many of these photographs were taken by youth nature photographers who participated in the valley land fund’s youth nature photo contest “southern exposures”.

contact us the valley land fund
2400 n. 10th st., suite a
mcallen, tx 78501
phone: (956) 686-6429
fax: (956) 686-1909

quick links 
conservation efforts
photo contest
donate today!




































© 2020 valleylandfund. all rights reserved. rgvisionmedia 









0$0.00donate
✕login

username or email *



password *





 remember me

 
login


lost your password?






































