


  






























































law library | the bar of ireland













skip to main content









find a barrister
find a mediator/arbitrator
legal services
join us
news & events
about

member login
contact
site search










find a barrister, mediator or arbitrator




all barristers



mediators



arbitrators



search by name



search



advanced search









latest updates




practitioners’ perspectives sought for adr report
06 february 2025





law and justice priorities within programme for government welcomed by bar of ireland
24 january 2025


social media in the workplace – legal experts weigh in
21 january 2025


optimised practice, connected community and expert knowledge | the bar sets strategic roadmap for 2024–2027
20 december 2024


shaping the future of tax law | tax bar annual conference 2024 sold out!
04 december 2024








construction adjudication in discussion with james burke bl and jonathan fitzgerald bl


james burke bl and jonathan fitzgerald bl of the construction bar association take a closer look at the construction contracts act 2013, focusing on the implementation of the act to date, the adjudication process, and a recent report from the construction contracts adjudication panel.







legal services




litigation services






alternative dispute resolution






international legal services








specialist bar associations






pro-bono services






discovery recruitment






direct professional access











#naturaljustice 
engage with the legal community on environmental issues, take part in initiatives and have your voice heard in the climate conversation.
the intersection of law and climate issues is essential for addressing the complex and interconnected challenges posed by climate change and for creating a framework for sustainable and responsible practices.
follow our campaign











about us




our podcast
from history to current affairs, and legal developments to art and literature, the bar of ireland podcasts cover all aspects of the barrister’s…





look into law | transition year programmes
look into law 2024-2025 transition year programmes. find out more and sign your school up…open now!…





natural justice
engage with the legal community on environmental issues, take part in initiatives and have your voice heard in the climate conversation….





history
barristers have been practising in ireland for over 450 years. in 1541, the honorable society of king’s inns was established when a lease was granted…





equality, diversity and inclusion
creating a fairer, more equitable environment for all members of the independent referral bar is a key priority of the council. it aims to ensure…







back to top of page










stay up-to-date
get the legal edge. sign up to our newsletter to receive regular updates from the bar of ireland directly into your inbox.


email










follow us

twitter
linkedin
youtube
spotify
instagram








legal disclaimer
privacy statement
password reset
profile update
cookie information



© 2025 the bar of ireland - the law library



web design & development by fusio























site
                    search
 × 




site
                            search


submit search







