

 


pine hill rv park :: pennsylvania dutch country big rig camping










































 
      


[browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address] 
              
        (610) 285-6776
              
reservations













home
rates & reservations
activities
site map & rules
faqs
directions & attractions












































pennsylvania dutch country big rig camping
friendly smiles await you at pine hill rv park! our camping facilities are a gem within the famous pennsylvania dutch country, one of america’s premier historical and cultural settings. with its gorgeous manicured lawns, cool breezes and spectacular vistas, pine hill’s clean, peaceful and quiet atmosphere is sure to please and impress. americana thrives in our nearby surroundings. explore crystal cave, pennsylvania’s largest natural wonder, or visit dorney park & wildwater kingdom, pennsylvania’s premier family theme park. pine hill is also one of the closest campgrounds to the kutztown folk festival, the crayola factory, cabela’s, and other outstanding regional attractions and events … only a few of the reasons to stay with us while you set out on your next pennsylvania vacation adventure.
            


              pine hill rv park is closed for the 2024 season.we will begin taking reservations online only starting march 1st and open for the 2025 season april 3rd.

              











facilities & recreation



          full hook-up rv sites for big rigs (no tents)
          pull-thru sites with picnic tables and fire rings
          large recreation hall for up to 275 people
          clean restrooms
          laundry facilities
          new cable tv system
          free limited wi-fi service
          pets welcome
          camp store with gift shop
          ice cream parlor          
          free miniature golf
          playground areas
          horseshoe pits
          kite flying fields















        make pine hill your home away from home and your first choice for relaxation and fun. we will do our best to insure that your stay in the pennsylvania dutch country will be the setting for your best camping vacation ever.
          
pine hill rv park … where friends come to relax with friends.














              268 old route 22
kutztown, pa 19530
            

(610) 285-6776
[browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address] 
privacy policy
accessibility statement










kutztown weather forecast








          ©  pine hill rv park. all rights reserved.
1,788,784






















