



hike-nh.com:  -- home




















wed, feb 19, 2025


mt. washington temp.click pic for forecast.

...more topics...

 books


 bulletin board


 clubs & huts   - amc huts


 feedback


 4,000 footers


 hiking glossary


 mail list


 privacy policy



 store


 weather





search





    
  search hike-nh.com search www   





important book!

 
 





















        






welcome to hike-nh.com
the best source for information about hiking in nh




hike-nh.com forum


our forum has been up and running for quite a while now and has been getting lots of action!  if you have a question or a comment, or just want to chat, check it out: http://forum.hike-nh.com.  the regulars and the webmasters are always putting something up, and all are welcome!
recent forum topics







where should i hike?

the hike-nh.com trip finderno longer will you have to wonder where you should go hiking this weekend!  chris & rob have slaved tirelessly to provide you with a totally unique product in the hiking world: the hike-nh.com trip finder!  this database of hiking trips and ideas includes hikes all over the state, from the easiest hikes (perfect for families) to the toughest trails in the northeast.  search by trip length, region, views - anything you like.  the trip finder is your source for hiking ideas in the white mountains!  click here to start planning your next trip!
not sure what kind of hike you'd like to take?  check out some of the pre-selected entries:

top 10 hikes for families
top hikes with waterfalls
top 10 loops

when you're done with your hike, don't forget to come back and post your trip in the trip reports section of the forum, or in our readers' trips section!









a note to our readers
chris and rob have been hosting the hike-nh website since 1998.  since that time, we've met some great people, been recognized for our efforts, and had some real fun on the trail.
but of course our lives are very busy and we've had little time to devote to hike-nh, much to our dismay.  since hike-nh is not a business, and we make (almost) no money from the site, we cannot devote ourselves to it.  in fact, it is sometimes months before we can post new information.  instead, we have published as much knowledge as we have about hiking in nh (which fortunately grows all the time) and we are willing to continue to do that as much as possible.
our mission
we at hike-nh endeavor to provide information about hiking in new hampshire.  we will offer pictures, trip reports, gear reviews (when we can afford new gear), advice articles, and links to other hiking-related sites whenever possible. 
this information will not cost our readers anything, because we make a few dollars through commission programs which cover the costs of the site (almost).  this is why you will see a small icon in the sidebar requesting donations to help with our hosting costs.  it's small, and shouldn't really interfere with your ability to get info, so we thought it was a good idea.
the information we post on this site will not always be current.  we have lives, we work, and we can't always get out hiking as often as we'd like.
we will accept contributions from our readers, as long as that information fits with the general feel of our site.  we may not post something sent to us.
we will not respond to or accept negative comments, abuse, critical statements, or heckling.  if you think you can do better, start your own site.  and good luck.  it took us about 2,500 hours of work to get where we are.
the information here at hike-nh.com is just that; information.  if you're expecting dynamic, constantly changing content, you're at the wrong place.  if you want a central repository for information about hiking in nh, take a look.  we may have something from which you can benefit.  if not, we're sorry.  we can't be everything to everyone.
enjoy the information we have and feel free to send constructive comments.  we do read every one.

chris & rob

 


 copyright © 1999-2008
chris oberg & robert havasy
hike-nh.com


