










home - connecticut bankers association
























































 
 















skip to content














 
seminar statusmember login











linkedin






































menu 
homeabout us mission statement meet the cba team board of directors membership directories contact usproducts and services cba endorsed providers society of bank executives career center banktalenthq cba classifieds explore classifieds submit job opening submit resume employment legal line ct most wantedpublications cba quarterlyeducation & events connecticut school of finance & management faqs class schedules csfm faculty 2027 application aspire leadership academy webinars upcoming events 2025 women in banking








 















 
connecticut school of finance & managementthe connecticut school of finance & management is designed to increase students' knowledge in their own specialties, while introducing them to a wide range of banking topics. upon completion, students will have developed a broader perspective of the industry, a more enlightened view of their own bank, and most importantly, a better awareness of their individual capabilities. click here to apply.
 


 

cba quarterly magazine
4q 2024
 









































welcome to the connecticut bankers association!






the cba represents the financial institutions and serves as the voice of its members.  it supports and promotes legislative and regulatory actions at the state and federal level that benefit the general welfare of its member institutions, the banking industry, and the people of connecticut.  the association serves the collective needs of its members through development of educational programs and providing cost-effective services.

















					directories				








					career center				








					events				








					webinars				








					cba quarterly				






















mark your calendar










view all events

































learn more
















 
bankers alliance 
our goal is to give community bankers reliable and trusted resources. because b/a companies are solely focused on bank regulatory compliance at the community bank level, we can provide a focused, unfettered approach for our members. developed with pragmatic innovation, our services add real value and industry expertise.
learn more 














 
csfm 
csfm is the connecticut bankers association premiere banking education and management program that has graduated over 2,900 students since its inception in 1962. it is a proven management development staple within many ct banks and a critical tool in shaping future leadership teams.
learn more 












 
sponsorship opportunities 
as the leading association for connecticut’s banking industry, the cba provides a variety of programs and events where members and associate members can interact and network. these events present a unique opportunity for sponsors to stand out from the crowd as a leader in the industry, and provide visibility and brand awareness.  for more information, please contact the association.
 



















explore a career in banking!
the financial services industry is a vibrant and healthy industry that offers a wide variety of career opportunities, excellent salaries and benefits, training, growth and advancement, and support for volunteer and charitable activities in the community. across the state, banks of all sizes are seeking talented staff members for positions and roles such as: lending and investments community and public relations, customer service, compliance, cyber security and information, sales, marketing and more. the banking industry in connecticut employs nearly 18,000 people with annual compensation and benefits totaling over $4.2 billion. there are 58 banks headquartered or having offices in connecticut with branch locations in every corner of the state.
banking jobs pay competitive wages that are higher than other industry averages. nationally, the median annual wage for business and financial occupations was $72,250, which was significantly higher than the median annual wage for all occupations of $41,950, according to 2020 data from the us department of labor.
benefits of a banking career snapshot:

wide variety of career paths available
opportunities for training and advancement
competitive salaries and benefits
stability, job security and portability
support for charitable and community activities
professional development
locations in every part of the state








more information on careers in banking










search for jobs at connecticut banks











post your resume for bankers to see













 












© 2025 connecticut bankers association
 | 
site by growthzone












advance.  promote.  protect.




















connecticut bankers association













10 waterside drive, suite 300, farmington, ct 06032 














(860) 677-5060 














cba@ctbank.com 










linkedin






















 © 2025 connecticut bankers association.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















