

  




















agiusa |















skip to main content






 

office hours: m-f 8:30 am - 5:00 pm

 




 



homeabout usproductscase historieshelp desksaga rentalsblogcontact us 




















 

close

 





save time and moneydigging holes that lead to nothing is a waste of valuable time and money. with our resistivity meter instruments,  you can see where the right places are so you can dig there first.find out how much you can save 



reduce riskimagine spending a sizable investment on property only to find out that you can’t—or shouldn’t—build there because of issues below the surface. by seeing what’s underground before you start digging, you can avoid potential risk.learn how to protect your investment 



versatile applicationswith agi’s electrical resistivity imaging (eri) instruments, you can measure subsurface properties  and locate valuable resources—including groundwater, valuable minerals, archeological sites and so much more.learn what you need for your survey 

 



get started with a free consultation







 

supersting wifi™, the premier electrical imaging systemthe supersting™ wi-fi is a next-generation electrical resistivity meter and induced polarization (ip), and self-potential (sp) system, used to scan and image the subsurface of the earth and visualize the results in 2d slices or 3d volumes.
learn more about the supersting™ wifi 




 

the switchbox gridthe switchbox grid is available for the supersting™ wifi. the switchbox grid makes it possible to connect separate wires from each electrode using a regular banana plug. each banana socket is sealed to the inside of the grid box making it usable in harsh environments.
the switchbox grid has been designed with special emphasis on ease of cleaning the surface of the grid box. the lid is also made of a non-conductive thermoplastic material preventing leakage between connectors. 
watch a video 




 

geophysical instruments for land and waterfor years, the supersting™ has given our customers unparalleled subsurface detail. now, with the marine resistivity system add-on module, you can collect streaming marine data with a towed cable.
this fully automated add-on module allows for hydrographic surveys with continuously recording eri data which contain positional data from a gps receiver—along with the depth profile measured with 200khz echo sounder.
learn more about marine resistivity 




 

request a free 30-day demo of earthimager™you can try earthimager™—our best-in-class resistivity inversion software—free for 30 days! all versions are available to try out!
request a demo of earthimager™ 3d
request a demo of earthimager™ 2d
request a demo of earthimager™ 1d
 




 

agi groundwater educational seriesin this ongoing series we’re going to tackle important information you need to know about groundwater. groundwater is a topic that comes up a lot here at advanced geosciences. we figure why not share our wealth of knowledge with the world? everything from what groundater is, to how to find it, and so much more! check back often for new updates!
check out the educational series now! 



 





quick and easy financingour domestic customers can finance their equipment with our partners at newlane finance. newlane finance is an equipment leasing company backed by wsfs bank. with the tagline of “business lending done right”, newlane delivers simple, fast and competitive equipment financing solutions that meet your cash-flow needs no matter what size your company is. 
click here to learn how to finance your equipment
 
 
 

 

 



resources 



we arm our customers with the knowledge they need to complete their surveys effectively and within budget. take a look through some valuable resources below.
 





case histories 



training seminar schedule 



agi help desk 



glossary 

 





 






      marketing cta - english    


when you can see what you're working with below the surface, you can make better decisions that save you time and money.
get started with a free consultation
















contact us

+1.512.335.3338
2121 geoscience drive
austin, texas 78726
hours: 8:30a - 5p cst (m-f)



looking for something specific?



search 





 



about us
blog
products
case histories
resources
saga rentals
find a distributor
us financing
international financing 
seminars
rma order request
 



© 2025 advanced geosciences, inc. | privacy policy 









