 







home - www.thehomeinspector.com - the official website of michael leavitt & co inspections, inc.





www.thehomeinspector.com - the official website of michael leavitt & co inspections, inc.
























 
























 








































 



 

use our expertise to avoid the money pit!!! 














it is our goal to become your home inspector for life! 
since 1995, michael leavitt & co inspections, inc., has continued to be the finest inspection firm in northern utah. we have built our reputation by being extremely thorough in our inspection protocols. we believe that our customers are seeking the added value of our experience and are willing to invest more for our detailed inspection reports. order your inspection today!
whether you need a: home inspection * radon test * termite inspection * stucco/eifs inspection, crystal meth sampling * lead-based paint sampling * or electrical outlet efficiency testing, then let us perform your inspections and create our detailed information and photo filled pdf reports. 




















current availability - 3 to 5 days






please complete an online order inspection request form. we will then confirm a time that works to fit your inspection time deadlines and both of our schedules * online orders get priority booking!





pre-listing inspections
if you are selling a home and striving to set your home apart, then have it inspected before the first buyer arrives. this will help you sell with more confidence. trump the buyer renegotiations that always seems to follow the buyer’s home inspection.












“one of the things i always liked about this business is that you will  never know the name or the face of the person whose life you saved by just  doing your job.” ~ douglas hansen






armed with a michael leavitt & co pre-listing inspection you will have both stronger and more confident offers because your buyers will know the conditions of the home before they place their offer.
superior service - if you are looking for an inexpensive commodity cookie-cutter grade inspection, then you need to seek out any of the dozens of local inspection firms that have cropped up in recent years. but if you are looking for the finest inspection firm in northern utah, then confidently draw upon our experience and order your inspection today! 









draw upon our experience today!      









 


 educational speaker













back to top





 



















 
 
 
 
 
 
 



















 












 









 ( home | clients | inspections | credentials | order inspection )


( decks | eifs/stucco | meth | radon | termites )


 (specialty | family | links | contact us | michael’s blog)







michael leavitt & co inspections, inc.
 
orem, utah 84057
801-636-6816

www.thehomeinspector.com

 


copyright © 1997-present - thehomeinspector.com


e-mail us 


webmaster 
privacy policy

 


























 





 


 download reports

 






 


 




