










home - carol stream chamber of commerce
























































 
 





















skip to content










join today











member login













facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram






































menu 
members membership benefits member directory member information center resources member to member deals member loginabout us about the chamber board of directors carol stream partners village park district library rotary historical society women’s club college of dupage, carol stream center contact uswhat’s new ambassadors carol stream businesses: a closer look ceo circle sponsors doing business with intention scholarship foundation job postings hot deals news releasesevents events calendar submit an event golf outingexplore dining shopping real estate lodging entertainment








 















 
36th annual john wheeler golf outingwe are confident that you will benefit from the networking and relationship-building at the chamber’s largest fundraiser — the 36th annual golf tournament on thursday, september 18, 2025, klein creek golf club, winfield.


learn more


 


 
get involved.we encourage you to participate in a committee with the carol stream chamber of commerce. participating has benefits including: increasing your leadership skills, engaging with our community, forming business relationships with fellow chamber members, increasing your brand exposure, and building a referral network.


member benefits


 






























welcome to the carol stream chamber of commerce!






we are excited to be your champion, catalyst and cheerleader. our programming is crafted to help you meet fellow chamber members, build strong relationships, grow your business, and access resources to tackle current challenges. we look forward to working with you in the coming months and helping you achieve your goals!

















					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					events				








					hot deals				






















mark your calendar










view all events





















carol stream chamber



















learn more
















 
donate/sponsor golf outing 
we invite all chamber members to provide advertising specialty items for the golfer amenity bag or item to our raffle.  this is a great way to have your business name remembered long after the event is over.
register here 














 
member center resources 
bringing solutions to commerce. marketing resources with carol stream chamber of commerce.
learn more 














 
stay connected 
stay connected to commerce, community events, seminars, networking and more. sign up for our enewsletter!
sign up today! 













handshake








welcome new members!


















become a member











we deeply believe in and value the importance of serving as champion for a strong community, of a culture of collaboration among all stakeholders, in being a catalyst for growth in our business community, and in facilitating the meaningful interaction among our members and influencers.







join today





















ceo circle sponsors







contact us to join the ceo circle sponsors today!













 












© 2025 carol stream chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone













the


of the carol stream business community.






























carol stream chamber of commerce









address




150 s. gary ave #124 | carol stream, il 60188 









hours: by appointment 


hours: by appointment 









telephone




(630) 665-3325 










email




info@carolstreamchamber.com 










facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram




























 © 2025 carol stream chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top


















