




home page for the pca historical center















 pca historical center
archives and manuscript repository for the continuing presbyterian church







home

minutes
seminars

past ga info
pca studies
sjc decisionsbco history






organizational records

organic collections
pca
rpces
rpcgs
bpc/epc
synthetic collections
arpc
bpc
opc
pcus
pcusa
rpcna
upcna


manuscript collections

allen-dyrness
evans-lowry
macnair-russel
sanderson-youngs


church histories

pca churches
rpces churches
rpcgs churches
bpc/epc churches
pcus churches


research library

library home page

warfield: our library catalog
newspapers
periodicals
japan mission library
korean mission library
articles on file
bibliographies
westminster standards collection


other resources

historic documents
obituaries
polity articles by dr. roy taylor
racial reconciliation resources
sermon text index
topical site index























minutes of the 51st pca general assembly (2024) are now online


two new collections : check back soon for more news:
collection indexes posted:


the janet l. sparkman collection for presbyterian women
rev. william buell sprague : 
            the thomas e. martin collection
l. roy taylor 
            manuscript collection


 women authors are the main focus of this collection, but  there are also  works by men where the subject is of special concern for women.
	            while we work to build the home page for this collection, much of the jls collection can be viewed   on "warfield," our book catalog.
william buell sprague [1795-1876] was a prominent presbyterian pastor, serving for many years in albany, new york. this is a  collection recently donated by a retired judge in pennsylvania.  search "warfield" to view the  works in this collection. 


	            dr. l. roy taylor served as stated clerk of the presbyterian church in america from 1998-2020. the finding aids(folder by folder indexes) for the taylor collection are now posted to our site. click here to view.








electronic records : selected readings.
	          as the pca takes up the concern voiced in 2023's overture 20, we've begun to gather some selected readings to better educate our research on this matter. 


 
helps for the 51st general assembly: overtures before the assembly this year.
	          analysis of overtures by: 
	          (1.) te david coffin
	          (2.) re howie dunahoe
	          (3.) te fred greco
            additional helps, other aspects of ga, here.


 the historical center of the presbyterian church in america (pca) is a ministry of the pca stated clerk’s office,   located in st. louis, missouri on the campus of covenant theological seminary. our mission is to preserve the records of the presbyterian church in america along with those of four predecessor denominations. the center also holds the manuscript collections of over  150 people connected with those denominations, plus history materials for some 700 congregations. a modest research library, with focus on  american presbyterianism, augments the center’s  collections. 


contact information
visit the pca historical center
donate to the pca historical center







? 2024, pca historical center, 478 covenant lane, st. louis, missouri 63141. (314) 469-9077.




