






leslie wells realty | north of the river





































































home
properties

all properties
broker compensation


our team

our agents
top monthly agents
homes sold


local

florida lifestyle
community events
entertainment and shopping
watch lwr


information

find us social media
mortgage calculator
referral program
join our team
our move


what’s new

what’s new
lw magazine


tom & jim’s podcast
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 

















independent real estate brokerage

north of the river locally owned





visit our properties













lwr magazine

stay current with everything happening north of the river





florida lifestyle

check out the latest images from florida lifestyle





social media

find us and follow lwr on social mediaa







view our featured listings



view all properties

































see all our listings

















about leslie wells realty

leslie wells realty quietly opened their doors for business in parrish in 2000. although a realtor® since 1976, leslie and some friends had purchased approximately 1,000 acres in 1996 with the dream of building a community that would offer residents a lifestyle that would be unique to manatee county.
leslie wells realty has been faithfully serving manatee county since 2000. a full service florida real estate agency, leslie wells realty can help you buy or sell your next south florida home, business, or property. ready to go or just looking – why not let us help you? give us a call today for a free consultation.


how we began / foxbrook

after years of planning, and working through the development process, foxbrook was born. a community that would eventually be home to 298 homeowners that wanted to live a more rural way of life with conveniences of in-town living.
while building the development, leslie worked alongside the sales team and watched the neighborhood grow, but her realtor® side knew that while foxbrook was a great place to live, it was not for everyone and saw that she needed to grow the team and expand to a more central location to help more people find homes.
with just two other agents, leslie opened leslie wells realty as the first real estate office in the town of parrish. over the next few years, the market grew and so did the team. by 2005, leslie wells realty expanded to five other locations with more than 60 agents!
as the market began to change in 2007, leslie wells realty believed that it would be more efficient to work from one location and reevaluate our customer service. with the downturn of the economy nationwide, more and more agents across the country were leaving real estate and finding other jobs. the leslie wells realty model needed to be one of quality over quantity and fewer agents that would have a full time commitment to our business.
over the years, when many closed their doors or folded into other companies, leslie wells realty prevailed. leslie wells realty is proud to be an independent brokerage that is small enough to offer our clients excellent service and provide personalized service.
if you are a previous customer, thank you again, for allowing us to help you sell or purchase your home. if you are new to us, please take a minute to look us over and we hope that you will entrust us to help in the future.
the team thanks all previous and current clients for allowing them to help you sell or purchase your home. please take a moment to learn more about leslie wells realty.















we are incredibly grateful to have been referred to carly by a friend. when we called her at the last minute to assist with our home purchase, she stepped in and made the entire process seamless. carly went above and beyond our expectations, and we highly recommend her. we look forward to working with her again in the future!
caitlin n



i am thrilled to have worked with rachel. she has been professional, but most importantly she was kind, she listened, and was always available to answer any questions. she was a godsend from the very first day and she soon felt like family. she went above and beyond to the point of being in synch with me. i would recommend her to anyone. she is a friend, she is family, and a ray of much needed sunshine during the stressful moments of building a home. i absolutely love, love, love rachel.
jacqueline o







we’re here to help






name


email address


message




submit






followfollowfollow





location

6305 18th st e,ellenton, fl 34222



phone

(941) 776-5571



email

info@lesliewellsrealty.com



 










facebook




x




instagram


© lesliewellsrealty.com - all rights reserved - designed and powered by linked junction 
 








































