





american kiko goat association – the original kiko goat registry








































































































































































american kiko goat association









home
about akga

constitution & bylaws
policies
why join the akga?


organization

officers & directors
board meetings
committees
compliance & reporting


member services

forms – service requests
fee schedule
member map & list


resources

online pedigree search
gestation calculator
goats for sale
farm search
why kikos? kikos perform!
how to register goats
general goat information
scholarship program
logos & links


contact the akga









board members needed immediatelydecember 4, 2024 by secretary
as a non-profit organization which is member-run, the akga must maintain a board of directors to be in compliance with its constitution and by-laws, and....
associated registries moving to missouri!december 4, 2024 by secretary
for several years, the akga has used associated registries (which is run by the american hampshire sheep association) to provide our membership services.....
membership renewals, half price!december 4, 2024 by secretary
membership is the driving force of the akga. as a 501(c)(3) corporation, the akga is member-run and member-centered. dues are collected annually in january....
2024 annual meeting and showcase salemarch 16, 2024 by secretary
due to circumstances beyond our control, the board of directors of the american kiko goat association (akga) has voted unanimously to cancel the upcoming....
2024 board of directors reduces renewaljanuary 26, 2024 by secretary
in december, the akga board of directors voted to reduce the cost of renewing memberships for returning members by 40%, to $30, as long as they renew by....
 











welcome to the american kiko goat association!
developed in new zealand, kiko goats were imported to the u.s. and quickly established themselves as a hardy, parasite-resistant breed with excellent maternal traits. the american kiko goat association is the original kiko registry, founded in 1994 to promote the breed, and the members quickly steered the organization towards promoting data-driven breeding decisions and accurate registry services. in 2000, the association bought the original herd book which means that every kiko registry traces all of their animals back to akga animals.
in 2008, the akga members voted to reincorporate as a tax-exempt organization and obtained 501(c)(5) status from the irs. this designation requires the association to provide service to its members first and foremost, and the organization’s benefits may not inure to a specific person. members control the direction and scope of the organization, maintaining the flexibility to adapt to changing environments and to respond quickly to the concerns of breeders and buyers. today, the akga remains breed-focused, maintaining the highest proven parentage requirements of any goat registry in north america, giving you peace of mind that your investment is verified.
as a member-run organization, the akga draws on the expertise of its members, from animal science and business, to law and education and everything in between. getting involved is easy. join a committee or regional chapter, promote the breed at a local event, or serve on the board! you can also choose to just quietly breed some of the best goats in the world. as a member, you choose your level of involvement, but your input is always welcome.
check out the benefits of membership and you’ll find that belonging to the akga is more than keeping track of pedigrees, its about belonging to a dynamic community and promoting the breed. whether you are just starting out in goats or have been ranching awhile, the akga offers you the tools, support and networking for success.








latest news & events


board members needed immediately
december 4, 2024


associated registries moving to missouri!
december 4, 2024


membership renewals, half price!
december 4, 2024


2024 annual meeting and showcase sale
march 16, 2024


2024 board of directors reduces renewal
january 26, 2024


2023- hotel booking info
may 9, 2023


...more news & events

search for:







american kiko goat association © 2021. web design by kellen weissenbach.






