






burlington public library is the public library for burlington wisconsin | offering a large collection of books, reference material, free services, & community activites.








































find books, movies, & more


  










home

location and hours
library facts and history
mission vision values
services
get a library card
library board
strategic plan
library planning & design
meeting room application
purchase recommendations
employment


events
adults

adult services & programs
what should i read next
ask a reference question
movie mondays


youth & teens

youth services & programs
youth links
teen services & programs


resources

online services
databases by subject


policies
support

capital campaign
100 extraordinary women
bpl foundation
friends of the library
make a donation
volunteering


my account



















 















library capital campaignthe burlington public library has big plans for the future!
click here to learn more

















library apparel storevisit our online store to choose from a variety of customizable merchandise in various colors and sizes. we’re very excited about this new addition to the library, so be sure to check the link often for new surprises.
view our shop








library book bikeburlington public library’s book bike is like a small library branch on wheels that gives us a new way to connect with our amazing community.
learn more









volunteer income tax assistancevolunteer income tax assistance (vita) is a national program staffed by local volunteers to provide free preparation and electronic filing of tax returns. it’s an important service to thousands of individuals and families in racine county with low-to-moderate incomes who are eligible for tax credits. our irs-certified volunteers help to take the stress and confusion out of tax season and save clients on average $200 per tax return.
schedule an appointment









check out museum passes!the museum adventure pass program provides free admission to unique cultural destinations throughout the greater chicago area to library card holders at over 140 public libraries, including the burlington public library.
start here











welcome to burlington public library

burlington public library is here to serve the community. we provide interesting and enlightening materials for education and personal enrichment. whether you come here every day or haven’t stopped in years, we are here for you. we answer questions big and small, and even when we’re closed, our digital content is always available.
need help? call us at 262-342-1130 or email us at ask@burlington.lib.wi.us. we’re happy to help!

upcoming events








our library is fine free!learn more










register for a digital library card.





hear from our patrons during national library week. 60 reasons why we love burlington public library!






“i love to come to this friendly, helpful, well organized library and get free books to enjoy.”








“there are a lot of games and legos.”








“i can watch and read things without buying them.”







read more







featured books










 









this website was made possible in part by the institute of museum and library services arpml-250499-omls-22.copyright © 2024 all rights reserved



 




translate » 














