








home - csa celebrity speakers







































skip to content











speakers
services
virtual
videos
log insign up+44 (0)1628 601 400 
























frequent searches


popular questions





alan sugarinformativebusinessbruce dickinson 

 why should i choose csa?

can you help me find a speaker?

how do i book a speaker?

can i preview your speakers?

do i need to manage travel arrangements?

will your speakers socialise with our attendees?

what if speaker does not attend?

how much do speakers cost?

 













virtual speaker solutions
explore solutions 










the world’s best
speakers & celebrities
we provide the most influential people on the planet to inspire, educate, motivate or entertain. it’s what we do best and what we’ve been doing since 1983. today we are a world-leading speaker bureau.
 explore speakers 








we provide the most influential people on the planet to inspire, educate, motivate or entertain. it’s what we do best and what we’ve been doing since 1983. today we are a world-leading speaker bureau.







what can we help you achieve?









 virtual




 creativity




 change




 diversity




 excellence




 global vision




 innovation




 inspiration




 motivation




 teambuilding




 tech intelligence







show all categories  





search for your favourite speakers











 


csa virtual suite

new possibilities for audiences to connect live on-line with the very best global thinkers, business influencers, innovators, and accomplished speakers.
virtual events offer tailored options and we partner you to find speakers perfect for the human connection.
explore our virtual suite 







virtual options



 

webinars



 

round tables



 

in conversation with



 

masterclasses







trending speakers











baroness dambisa moyo 
international economist & global bestselling author












prof yuval harari 
renowned best selling author












 anders fogh rasmussen 
former prime minister of denmark & former nato secretary general












 lewis gordon pugh 
explorer, world record swimmer and environmentalist












 simon sinek 
leadership expert and author




show all trending speakers  







why csa?

four decades of experience, unrivalled global reach to the world’s best speakers and expert consultants with a deep understanding of what will make a speaker perfect for you, someone who will captivate your audience and alter the way they see the world.
driven by the power of shared wisdom and experience to empower organisations and their people – we won’t just find you a brilliant speaker, we aim to make your event a life changing experience. 
learn more 







recent reviews













 martina navratilova  martina was absolutely wonderful. she was totally charming, relatable, inspiring, interesting. great! everyone said what a great speaker she was.

speciality insurance group













 cathy o'dowd  cathy o’dowd gave a splendid speech; the content totally supported our theme and was well paced, adding drama where necessary. she really captured our attention.

emea event planning specialists













 pierluigi collina  pierluigi delivered a really great presentation. his delivery was wonderful. excellent.

financial services group













 noreena hertz  noreena's presentation was a very fitting closure of a very successful event. her presentation gave a fabulous summary of the various parameters confronting our business audience.

manufacturing trade association








show more 
close additional reviews no more reviews could be found. 






what clients say about csa






you provided a first class service. it was so easy to work with you and we appreciated the phone call set up in advance of the presentation.
global foundation


you understood our brief excellently. you recommended the right speaker for the job – she was absolutely perfect, our audience loved her.
technology corporation







csa news & publications






















celebrate the olympic spirit with inspiring olympian and paralympian speakers >

										the paris 2024 olympics left us all in awe, showcasing the very best of human achievement. the passion, perseverance, and excellence demonstrated by these athletes are not just traits to… read more 




















embracing trailblazing women leaders: harnessing their positive power in business >

										in today’s rapidly evolving business landscape, it’s imperative to recognise and celebrate the trailblazing women leaders who continue to pave the way for progress and innovation. as we navigate through… read more 




















geopolitics in 2024: navigating global business amidst shifting tides >

										in the ever-evolving landscape of global business, the interplay between geopolitics and commerce remains a crucial determinant of success. as we venture further into 2024, the dynamics of geopolitics continue… read more 




















former cia operative unveils key strategies for peak performance >

										rupal patel, an esteemed executive coach and the author of ‘from cia to ceo,’ shares profound insights drawn from her personal journey in overcoming ‘monday aversion,’ a challenge she grappled… read more 








read all news & publications 

 



call us
shortlists
speakers
contact





get in touch
our consultants have the expertise and knowledge to find your perfect speaker and make your vision a reality.





send a message



name

email

company name

phone

your message



send message





contact us directly

					talk to our consultants on +44 (0)1628 601 400
email us on 
visit us in burnhamvisit us in london 
request a callback



name

phone



request call back










what we offer

speakers
services
news
csa offices
videos
 


more information

my account
microsites
faq
sitemap
terms of use
privacy
 


categories


motivation & successafter dinnerai & roboticsasiaaward hostssee more categories 





get in touch


							celebrity speakers ltd90 high streetburnhambuckinghamshire sl1 7jt united kingdom						

							london officethe courtyard queens house55-56 lincoln's inn fieldslondonwc2a 3ljunited kingdom						

talk to one of our consultants on +44 (0)1628 601 400 or email us on 


 














 © 1984 - 2025 celebrity speakers ltd



 






