






yankton benedictines - home
















































    

about us
participate. pray. attend
benedictine peace center
vocations
oblates
blog
contact
faq
members only
 
 
 select page 
    











doing god’s work together — with one heart and one soul
welcome to sacred heart monastery, home of the yankton benedictines
    ; 






listening
seeking god everywhere and in everything, every day of your life.

hearts restless for god, join us.


together 
pursuing and nurturing peace, we’re doing it as a family. 



in monastic life 
building up the kingdom of god; if you’re called to it, there’s nothing better.



 
consider religious vocation explore what it takes to be a part of the yankton benedictines; together with one heart,  loving jesus, your sisters, and the world.
 
retreat at the peace center renew your relationship with god in our monastic space: private, group, and overnight retreats.
 
become an oblate “seek first the kingdom of god.” become an oblate and share our benedictine spirit, connecting and learning from each other. 
 
visit the gift shop explore handmade keepsakes and spiritual art and literature. we invite you to browse and buy, including many sister made items.





subscribe to our newsletter if you are seeking a deeper relationship with god and lasting peace through benedictine monastic spirituality, you’ve come to the right place. the sisters of sacred heart monastery are here to help all be renewed in spirit and connect with god. learn more about our vibrant, thriving community where we live and work in the service of god.

 success!  first name    last name    email      subscribe  









volunteer it’s our ministry to model a willingness to serve, embrace opportunities, nurture strong relationships, and see the bigger picture.learn more.






our leadership “in choosing a superior, the guiding principle should always be that the one placed in office be the one selected by the whole community…” rb: 64  l to r: s. candyce chrystal (subprioress), s. penny bingham (prioress), s. bonita gacnik (procurator)




benedictine sisters of sacred heart monastery 1005 w. 8th st., yankton, sd 57078 | 605-668-6000 | shmpublicrelations@yanktonbenedictines.org
followfollowfollowfollow

home | privacy | directions | contact us we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.



necessary							
  necessaryalways enabled

 necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.


non-necessary							
  non-necessary

 any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.



 save & accept

















