








gre guide

































 


skip to content




toggle navigationhomegre guide homegre verbalgre mathgre awa sectiongre issue essaygre argument essaygre sample questionsgre practice testsfree gre practice testsgre mock diagnostic testfree online gre sample testsgre scoresaverage gre scoresgood gre scoresgre percentileswhat is a good gre scoregre registrationgre costgre fee waivergre test datesgre prepgre prep bookgre prep coursegre tutorgre vocabularygre vs gmatafter gregre subject tests
 





gre guideramgg2023-05-07t07:30:02+00:00 
gre is actually graduate recorded exam. the education testing service (ets) directs the graduate record examination (gre) on behalf of the graduate record examinations board and the council of graduate schools. this exam chiefly a multiple-choice test. the scores have to be submitted by students aspiring for admission in international graduate school for graduate program. apart from the general gre there are about 12 gre subject tests offered by the program to help determine a students success in specific fields. in addition to this, the program also offers a variety of services and publications to help students transfer to their respective graduate program. 
there are two versions of the test , the first is the 

gre – general
gre – subject

the general test consists of three parts–

gre verbal
gre essay

both the gre verbal and gre math test each yield a score between 200-800 points. scores on the analytical writing test are measured on 	a scale of 0 to 6 and is awarded in ½ points. since only some of the graduate programs require the scores of 	the gre – subject, students availing such course need only appear for it. 
the score on the gre subject test too ranges between 200 to 800 points. for details on the schools that need the gre score and the minimum score that is required for admission can be found in the book, graduate study in psychology, 
gre exam – general exam
the general gre examination consists of 3 sections, the 

    verbal
     quantitative
    analytical writing sections. 

the analytical writing section is the latest addition. there are two versions of gre.

paper based gre exam
computer based gre exam

the student is given the choice of taking the test on paper or on the computer.
this section helps to determine the students writing and analyzing skills. there are two parts in this section that needs to be answered by the student. the first part has to be finished in 45 minute time limit. the student has to write an essay on the issue of a give topic. the second part deals with analysis of an argument and needs to be completed within 30 minutes. of the 3 sections the writing test is the first to be taken. 
examples on topics of the analytical section are available online on the gre online	web page.
the student is allowed to take the examination only once in a month and a total of 5 times in one year period.
the unofficial gre scores of the tests are available to the student as soon as the test is completed. 
the official gre scores are sent to the student and to the institutions to which the student would be applying within 10 to 15 days after the exam.  
the student can register for the examination onlinein the www.gre.org web site or by calling the 800 number given in the information and registration bulletin.




 
 
(555) 802-1234info@avadacompany.comtoggle navigationaboutour cultureour historyour teamtoggle navigationinvestorsstock performanceearningscorporate governancetoggle navigationcontact usserviceslatest news© all rights reserved. • avada studio • powered by wordpress




 
 



page load link







go to top




