








dulcie crawford group - the dulcie crawford group

















































































































































skip to content








702.285.1990|dulciecrawford@gmail.com 

702.285.1990|dulciecrawford@gmail.com 





aboutmeet the teamdulcie crawfordmay martinezsebastian monterothree square food bank donationswhy choose usfeatured propertiessold portfolioonline reviewspreferred vendorssellersdcg flex commission planbeautiful homes programsellers guideour proven marketing planshort sales & foreclosuresshort saleforeclosureseller’s programs and resourcesimmediate home valuein depth home valuationsold portfoliobuyersbuyer’s guidebuyer’s programs and resourcesfirst timer faq’srelocationvegas top 10open housessearch propertiessearchadvanced searchaddress searchlisting idmapmy listing managerbrowse by city 




explorehendersonanthemanthem country clubanthem coventryanthem highlandssolera at anthemsun city anthemascayacadenceheritage at cadencecalico ridgegibson springsgreen valleygreen valley estatesgreen valley ranchgreen valley northgreen valley southhillsboro heightsquail ridge estatesinspiradalake las vegasmacdonald ranchmacdonald highlandsroma hillssun city macdonald ranchsunridge at macdonald ranchthe canyons at macdonald ranchmadeira canyonthe club at madeira canyonparadise and mission hillsseven hillstuscany villagewillow ranchsummerlincanyon gate country clubred rock country clubregency at summerlinskye canyonsun city summerlinthe ridgestournament players clubcentral las vegasdowntown las vegashigh rise condoslas vegas country clubsouth stripspanish trailspring valleysunrise villas townhomesuniversity districtnorth las vegasalianteardienténorthridgesierra ranchnorthwest las vegaslone mountaincentennial hillscliff shadowsnorthwest rural estatespainted desertthe lakessoutheast las vegassilverado ranchsouthwest las vegascoronado ranchmountain’s edgesouthern highlandssouthwest rural estatesrhodes ranchboulder cityblog & videosblogvlogvideo toursevents & attractionsluxurycontactaboutmeet the teamdulcie crawfordmay martinezsebastian monterothree square food bank donationswhy choose usfeatured propertiessold portfolioonline reviewspreferred vendorssellersdcg flex commission planbeautiful homes programsellers guideour proven marketing planshort sales & foreclosuresshort saleforeclosureseller’s programs and resourcesimmediate home valuein depth home valuationsold portfoliobuyersbuyer’s guidebuyer’s programs and resourcesfirst timer faq’srelocationvegas top 10open housessearch propertiessearchadvanced searchaddress searchlisting idmapmy listing managerbrowse by city 




explorehendersonanthemanthem country clubanthem coventryanthem highlandssolera at anthemsun city anthemascayacadenceheritage at cadencecalico ridgegibson springsgreen valleygreen valley estatesgreen valley ranchgreen valley northgreen valley southhillsboro heightsquail ridge estatesinspiradalake las vegasmacdonald ranchmacdonald highlandsroma hillssun city macdonald ranchsunridge at macdonald ranchthe canyons at macdonald ranchmadeira canyonthe club at madeira canyonparadise and mission hillsseven hillstuscany villagewillow ranchsummerlincanyon gate country clubred rock country clubregency at summerlinskye canyonsun city summerlinthe ridgestournament players clubcentral las vegasdowntown las vegashigh rise condoslas vegas country clubsouth stripspanish trailspring valleysunrise villas townhomesuniversity districtnorth las vegasalianteardienténorthridgesierra ranchnorthwest las vegaslone mountaincentennial hillscliff shadowsnorthwest rural estatespainted desertthe lakessoutheast las vegassilverado ranchsouthwest las vegascoronado ranchmountain’s edgesouthern highlandssouthwest rural estatesrhodes ranchboulder cityblog & videosblogvlogvideo toursevents & attractionsluxurycontactaboutmeet the teamdulcie crawfordmay martinezsebastian monterothree square food bank donationswhy choose usfeatured propertiessold portfolioonline reviewspreferred vendorssellersdcg flex commission planbeautiful homes programsellers guideour proven marketing planshort sales & foreclosuresshort saleforeclosureseller’s programs and resourcesimmediate home valuein depth home valuationsold portfoliobuyersbuyer’s guidebuyer’s programs and resourcesfirst timer faq’srelocationvegas top 10open housessearch propertiessearchadvanced searchaddress searchlisting idmapmy listing managerbrowse by city 




explorehendersonanthemanthem country clubanthem coventryanthem highlandssolera at anthemsun city anthemascayacadenceheritage at cadencecalico ridgegibson springsgreen valleygreen valley estatesgreen valley ranchgreen valley northgreen valley southhillsboro heightsquail ridge estatesinspiradalake las vegasmacdonald ranchmacdonald highlandsroma hillssun city macdonald ranchsunridge at macdonald ranchthe canyons at macdonald ranchmadeira canyonthe club at madeira canyonparadise and mission hillsseven hillstuscany villagewillow ranchsummerlincanyon gate country clubred rock country clubregency at summerlinskye canyonsun city summerlinthe ridgestournament players clubcentral las vegasdowntown las vegashigh rise condoslas vegas country clubsouth stripspanish trailspring valleysunrise villas townhomesuniversity districtnorth las vegasalianteardienténorthridgesierra ranchnorthwest las vegaslone mountaincentennial hillscliff shadowsnorthwest rural estatespainted desertthe lakessoutheast las vegassilverado ranchsouthwest las vegascoronado ranchmountain’s edgesouthern highlandssouthwest rural estatesrhodes ranchboulder cityblog & videosblogvlogvideo toursevents & attractionsluxurycontact





area, hoa, zip code, address, or listing id
search
price maxbedsbaths









 






welcome to thedulcie crawford group 
							connect today 
							live your luxury & find your lifestyle 
							explore communities 
							extraordinary properties 
							let us find your dream home 
							unparalleled real estate marketing 
							experience the excellence 
							we know the las vegas valley 
							get to know us 
							we are your luxury community experts 
							connect today 
							 



welcome to thedulcie crawford group 
							connect today 
							live your luxury & find your lifestyle 
							explore communities 
							extraordinary properties 
							let us find your dream home 
							unparalleled real estate marketing 
							experience the excellence 
							we know the las vegas valley 
							get to know us 
							we are your luxury community experts 
							connect today 
							 





 




dulcie crawford groupdulcie crawford2024-10-11t09:11:52-07:00 
the dulcie crawford groupserving the las vegas and henderson real estate community with signature real estate groupwe are the dulcie crawford group, a real estate team servicing the las vegas valley for over 27 years. the group’s team leader, dulcie crawford, is a native to the las vegas valley and she stays engaged with the local culture & arts community. we are community & lifestyle experts & we specialize in helping clients who are: relocating to the las vegas valley, luxury home buyers, upsizers, downsizers and investors looking for investment properties. our clients value our knowledge of the las vegas valley area, henderson, and boulder city communities. we stay abreast of local market trends, legal reforms, & financing options to assist our clients in negotiating the best possible price and terms. you’re guaranteed a seamless transaction with the assistance of dulcie’s team’s sharp negotiating skills, marketing excellence, and dedication to great communication. a realtor with signature real estate group, she has sold over 1,200 homes since 1998. here at the dulcie crawford group, you will always feel like a vip.
why choose usthe dulcie crawford groupserving the las vegas and henderson real estate communitywe are the dulcie crawford group, a real estate team servicing the las vegas valley for over 27 years. the group’s team leader, dulcie crawford, is a native to the las vegas valley and she stays engaged with the local culture & arts community. we are community & lifestyle experts & we specialize in helping clients who are: relocating to the las vegas valley, luxury home buyers, upsizers, downsizers and investors looking for investment properties. our clients value our knowledge of the las vegas valley area, henderson, and boulder city communities. we stay abreast of local market trends, legal reforms, & financing options to assist our clients in negotiating the best possible price and terms. you’re guaranteed a seamless transaction with the assistance of dulcie’s team’s sharp negotiating skills, marketing excellence, and dedication to great communication. a realtor with signature real estate group, she has sold over 1,200 homes sold since 1998. here at the dulcie crawford group, you will always feel like a vip.
why choose usvideo toursfeatured properties 
 
more of our listingslocal market reportstop 5 luxury propertieshot properties with virtual tours 
 
more hot propertiesmore hot propertiesview all our listingsview all our listings 






the dulcie crawford group was amazing to work with. we were going to use offer pad for the convenience and time constraint that we were under to sell our home. the initial offer came in at a fair market value, with the understanding that the percentage that they were charging to sell was above the normal rate. the process started off smooth, but once they worked the actual numbers of the “repairs” that needed to be completed to be able to sell was over $25,000. the would conveniently take that out of our profit at the end of the sale. absolute robbery. our house was gorgeous.
dulcie came in quickly, worked her magic, and marketed our home immediately. we did not put any additional money in to the house and had a bidding war on our home within the first 3 days of it being on the market. the final offer was $10,000 over asking price!! we couldn’t have dreamed a better scenario. best agent in las vegas, hands down!!
jonay argier 






	
the most friendly and professional group i have ever had the pleasure of working with. very knowledgeable and helpful. the ease and the speed at which we were able to purchase our new home was outstanding. dulcie and her team were always available to answer our many, many questions and for that we are so thankful!sheryl dennis 






	
dulcie crawford and her associates have super marketing skills. the photographers used to generate the still photos and the virtual tour were amazing. the product was the best i’ve ever seen. the product was widely distributed by mail and on the internet. dulcie also gave us detailed instructions regarding staging of our house. as a result of all this effort, our house sold in roughly two months.paul bania 






	
thank you for donating monies to the three square food bank in my name to feed the hungry. i want to also thank you for helping us buy a home and also selling our other property. both the buying and selling our other property were made very easy to understand by dulcie and her staff. dulcie and her team worked very hard to make sure our needs were met. we were very satisfied with the work by dulcie’s group. we highly recommend her and her group for any real estate needs in the las vegas are and we will use them again if needed in the future.ms. j. carol 






	
dulcie and her team are true professionals and have expert in-depth knowledge about the field. this is the second home we have bought through dulcie and on this occasion she also helped us sell our first home. true dedication, diligence, enthusiasm and thorough knowledge of the real estate industry and market. she has been in the industry long enough to know how it works. very friendly and she listens to you!!bimel krishna 






	
i am writing to give dulcie crawford my highest recommendation. dulcie possesses all the attributes necessary to be an excellent real estate professional: she knows her market extremely well; she is diligent, responsive, and yet very patient with her clients. dulcie is both very professional and personable. she clearly takes pride in doing a good job. in my particular case as a buyer of a home, there were only a couple of challenges on the road to closing and in every instance dulcie was a great help. it would be hard to envision someone doing a better job than dulcie or being anything but happy in choosing to work with her.robview allfeatured communitiesdulcie crawford2022-08-14t07:42:59-07:00


sunrise villas townhomes




sunrise villas townhomesdulcie crawford2024-08-12t06:33:32-07:00


sun city macdonald ranch




sun city macdonald ranchdulcie crawford2022-08-14t07:42:57-07:00


university district




university districtdulcie crawford2024-08-06t06:09:42-07:00


anthem country club




anthem country clubdulcie crawford2024-08-12t06:35:10-07:00


sunridge at macdonald ranch




sunridge at macdonald ranchdulcie crawford2022-08-14t07:42:56-07:00


coronado ranch




coronado ranchdulcie crawford2022-08-14t07:42:58-07:00


southwest rural estates




southwest rural estatesdulcie crawford2022-08-14t07:42:58-07:00


tournament players club




tournament players clubdulcie crawford2022-04-14t17:32:18-07:00


sierra ranch




sierra ranchdulcie crawford2024-08-31t10:55:05-07:00


northwest rural estates




northwest rural estatesdulcie crawford2024-08-31t12:32:17-07:00


inspirada




inspiradadulcie crawford2023-04-30t09:23:56-07:00


las vegas country club




las vegas country clubrecently sold homes in the las vegas valley 
 
real estate news & blog






coming soon- 2589 velez valley, henderson nv 89002







coming soon- 2589 velez valley, henderson nv 89002by dulcie crawford|2025-02-15t07:23:19-08:00february 15th, 2025| south henderson area, enjoy the quiet like country living, but yet still just a short commute to green valley ranch. this two-bedroom condo is [...]








market watch blog: february 2025







market watch blog: february 2025by dulcie crawford|2025-02-10t08:25:36-08:00february 10th, 2025| the home appraisal process: what buyers and sellers need to know a home appraisal is an essential part of the real estate transaction process [...]








251 s green valley pkwy #1212, henderson, nv 89052







251 s green valley pkwy #1212, henderson, nv 89052by dulcie crawford|2025-02-12t09:40:14-08:00february 6th, 2025| join us for our first look open house this upcoming saturday, february 8th, 2025 from 10:30 am to 1:30 pm!  renovated and stunning 2-bedroom, [...]





 
 





dulcie crawford license # s.0042780 signature real estate group 2200 paseo verde pkwy, suite 300 henderson, nv 89052

 

 
 
 






© 2017-2025 dulcie crawford group | all rights reserved | privacy policy | dmca | sitemap

agent reputation – real estate website design




 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



 


































































































































go to top




