the international centre   (123) 456-7890         1234 address location, province  1a1 2b2 countryserviceslocationwhere to staywhere to eatdiscover mississauga       planningspaceswhat's happeningcontactsearchbooking enquiry   searchthere’ssomethinghappeninghere! 500,000+ ft2events &meetingvenuemodernmeetingspaces500+eventsa yearplanning an event?make it happen at the centre of it all!we are one of canada’s only privately owned trade and consumer show and conference facilities. nestled in the heart of the greater toronto area, we proudly boast over 500,000 square feet of flexible and contiguous exhibition space in addition to a 48,000 sq.ft. conference centre, making it a canvas for some of canada’s largest and most successful events. let's get goingwhy choose the international centrewith over 50 years of events experience, we are home to some of canada's largest and most successful shows! unleash your creativity in one of our versatile exhibit halls starting at 30,000 sq. ft. and hold your meetings, seminars, catered functions & receptions in our beautifully appointed, flexible meeting space just steps away in our conference centre. with complimentary parking, we are only minutes to fabulous hotels and restaurants, toronto pearson international airport, downtown mississauga, and we are conveniently located at the crossroads of all major highways in the greater toronto area.  there truly is something happening here! attendingvisiting one of our events? explore essential information for your visit: event schedules, floor plans, parking details, nearby accommodations, dining options, and directions. your seamless experience begins now. welcome to the international centre.content coming soon.exhibitingwe are delighted to welcome you! find floor plans, service providers, location details, and essential forms and guidelines here. streamline your exhibit preparation and make your mark with ease at the international centre.content coming soon.discover mississaugathe international centre welcomes you to the bustling city of mississauga. enjoy a multitude of diverse events, dining, shopping, and lakeside activities like no other place. right here in the heart of the greater toronto area.content coming soon.ready to book an event?home to some of canada’s largest andmost successful events.what’s happeningdiscover the pulse of excitement at the international centre! with a vibrant calendar of over 500 annual events, there’s an experience tailored for everyone. from dynamic trade and consumer shows to professional seminars, corporate meetings, lively festivals, and memorable gatherings, our venue buzzes with activity year-round. whatever your interests, we have an event that will captivate you. explore our events page to find whats' happening here and join us in creating unforgettable moments at the heart of the international centre.there’s something happening here! view eventsupcoming events  view all    event informationluxury brand outerwear warehouse sale - toronto 2025 dates & timesfeb 20th - 23rdentrance: 3 & 4public  event informationtoronto hydrogen summit dates & timesfeb 20thentrance: conference centretrade only  event informationthe outdoor adventure show  dates & timesfeb 21st - 23rdentrance: 5public  event informationmodern bride wedding show  dates & timesfeb 22nd - 23rdentrance: 1publicfor general inquiries:tel: 1.800.567.1199 /  905.677.6131email: info@internationalcentre.comquick linksabout usattendingexhibitingplanningspacesservicescareerslocationaccessibilitylatest newsbook your eventadvertisebrand guidelinesfaqscontactnever miss an eventsubscribe today!email subscribe       the international centre, 6900 airport road, mississauga, ontario, canada l4v 1e8privacy policy  |  terms of use