




online collections | johnson & wales university - culinary arts museum























skip to content














home


keyword search


advanced search


random images


archives


photos


libraries


objects







cookie notice



we use cookies on our website to improve your experience. 
                by continuing to enjoy our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.

i agree






welcome to our online collections database!
tips for searching
keyword search
the keyword search button allows you to perform a general search across multiple fields for any catalog records online.  keyword searches use or as the default connector between words (e.g. a search for hanley ranch will return records associated with hanley or ranch).  if you want to find records where both keywords are found, type in and between the two words. to search for a specific phrase, be sure to put the phrase within quotes (e.g. "rocky pine ranch").  you can also use the asterisk (*) as a wildcard (e.g. a search for histor* would come up with records containing history, histories, historical, etc.).  searches are not case sensitive.
advanced search
the advanced search button can help you be more specific with your search.  you can search for a word or phrase within a particular search category or use multiple categories to further narrow down your search results.  for example, searching white in the people field will bring up any records associated with a member of the white family, without having to sift through black & white photographs.  you can also search people and creator records through advanced search.  phrase searching with quotes and use of wildcards (*) are available in advanced search.
random images
the random images button is a great way to just browse the collection.  each random images page displays a random assortment of images from the records online.  if something piques your interest, click the thumbnail to view a larger version of the image.
catalog searches (archives / photos / libraries / objects)
the catalog buttons can also help narrow down your search, by only searching with a selected catalog.  if you only want to search for photos, click the photos button and type in your keyword(s) or phrase.  you can also browse records within that catalog without performing a search.  phrase searching, wildcards (*) as well as and/or statements are available when performing catalog searches.
use statement
the culinary arts museum, part of johnson & wales university, is dedicated to the fair and ethical use of its collections.  we make the works on this website available to the public under the fair use doctrine (section 107 of the copyright act) for learning and teaching purposes and to promote the activities and mission of johnson & wales university.  johnson & wales university does not claim the copyright of any work on this website. if you are the copyright holder of any item(s) in this collection, and have any questions or concerns, please contact us via e-mail at museum@jwu.edu.





jwu.edu/culinarymuseum   ⁄  401-598-2805
culinary arts museum · 315 harborside blvd · providence · rhode island 02905
© 2017 johnson & wales university




