

organized crime research














organized crime. research.









site directory



- definitions of
 organized crime
- reviews of books on organized crime
- concept and theory of organized crime
- organized crime in the u.s.
- organized crime in germany
- transnational organized crime
- cigarette smuggling
- 7th blankensee colloquium 'human capital and social capital in criminal networks'

- assessing organised crime (aoc) project
- links
- publications
- klaus von lampe
- contact
- index
- what's new?

diese seite auf deutsch




latest update




11 december 2024



recent journal articles (selection)



klaus von lampe, arjan blokland, outlaw motorcycle clubs and organized crime, crime and justice, 49, 2020, 521-578

klaus von lampe, tackling organized crime: from theory to practice, crimen, 10(3), 2019, 215-224

klaus von lampe, marin kurti, jacqueline johnson, “i'm gonna get me a loosie”: understanding single cigarette purchases by adult smokers in a disadvantaged section of new york city, preventive medicine reports, 12(1), 2018, 182-185

klaus von lampe, big business: scale of operation, organizational size, and the level of integration into the legal economy as key parameters for understanding the development of illegal enterprises, trends in organized crime, 18(4), 2015, 289-310

(complete list of all publications)










about this site





this website presents information on organized crime from a social science perspective with a special geographical focus on the u.s. and germany while also addressing the issue of transnational organized crime. it was first launched in 1999 (old url: http://people.freenet.de/kvlampe/) and reached the mark of 1 million visitors on 27 april 2012.
the original purpose of the website had been to share with a broader public some of the material collected for a doctoral dissertation on the concept and theory of organized crime in the u.s. the material includes, for example, a collection of organized crime definitions which has been considerably expanded over the years. a number of papers on organized-crime related subjects, including cigarette smuggling, have also consecutively been added and are available for downloading.
a more recent addition is the book-review section which features reviews of books on organized crime and related topics.
this site is bilingual (english and german). some content, however, is available only in one of these two languages.
the material presented on this website may be used for academic, journalistic and official purposes in accordance with the applicable copyright laws. please identify the source as 'klaus von lampe, organized crime research (kvl-homepage), www.organized-crime.de'.

bookmark this page!


credits





the organized crime research website has been designed using ulli meybohm's html editor.














highlights



definitions

arguably the largest collection of more than 200 different definitions of organized crime provides an overview of the diverse conceptions that have emerged over time and in different parts of the world.
more...


bookreviews

60 academic and journalistic books on organized crime and related topics, addressing different events, persons and structures in various countries, are reviewed from an organized crime researcher's perspective. the overriding question always is: what does the particular book contribute to a better understanding of organized crime?
more... 


papers

papers on various aspects of organized crime (conceptual history, trust and organized crime, use of models in the analysis of organized crime, assessing organized crime, cigarette smuggling, transnational organized crime, etc.) can be downloaded from the publications page.
more...



links

useful links to academic, official and journalistic websites.
more...




follow me on researchgate.









klaus von lampe



this website is presented by klaus von lampe, professor of criminology at the berlin school of economics and law in berlin, germany.
more...



books





organized crime: analyzing illegal activities, criminal structures, and extra-legal governanceklaus von lampe, 2016. 

2016 outstanding publication award (iasoc)
critically acclaimed as "without question, the most comprehensive and robust treatment of organized crime research, theories and perspectives".

more...

narrating organised crime stories...
petrus c. van duyne et al. (eds.), 2022.

criminal defiance in europe and beyond
petrus c. van duyne et al. (eds.), 2020.

constructing and organising crime in europepetrus c. van duyne et al. (eds.), 2019.

other books from the cross-border crime colloquium series. more...










