





wilderness lodge luxury accommodation - wilderness lodge new zealand



































start exploring...


home

arthur's pass

accommodation
food & wine
activities
sheep farm
getting here
rates



lake moeraki

accommodation
food & wine
activities
see penguins
getting here
rates



the lodges

wilderness lodge origins
two lodge itinerary
conservation & environment
document library
jobs



contact us











 discover
 contact us
or request a booking












previous slide
next slide




















wilderness lodge arthur's pass is nestled in
                    mountain beech forest, midway between greymouth and christchurch. 
discover wild nature in our spectacular mountain setting and experience life on our 2,400 hectare
                        nature reserve and high country merino sheep station. walk from your room into a natural
                        paradise of beech forest, tussock clearings, moss-lined streams and lakes.










in the heart of te wahipounamu world heritage
                    area... where the tasman sea meets ancient rainforest.
sits beside the moeraki river, surrounded by towering rainforest near the pristine tasman
                        seacoast. from the comfort of this stylish nature lodge join naturalist guides to explore the
                        lakes, rivers, forests and seacoast and discover special birds, seals
                        and fiordland crested penguins.


















“ experience nature in
            style at new zealand's only two wilderness
            lodges.”



request a booking   or scroll down to learn more.










stylish accommodation, gourmet food, fine wine and warm kiwi hospitality.we are new zealand's foremost family-owned and operated nature lodges.the perfect place to relax, unwind and explore new zealand wilderness.







two stunningly wild and scenic parts of the south island; the untamed west coast and
            wild heart of the southern alps.
lake moeraki lodge features rainforests, lakes, rivers and wild seacoast. arthur's pass lodge is on a
            6000 acre nature reserve and sheep farm encircled by snow capped
            peaks and glacier-fed rivers.










guided nature adventures, penguin discovery, seals, parrots and merino sheep farm and shearing.on your own or with our guides, adventure along sea coasts and through ancient rainforests.explore stunning mountain lands and kayak lakes and rivers. view penguins, seals, parrots, rare birdlife and experience merino sheep shearing, sheepdogs displays, and our working high country farm.








latest news

find us
                on facebook













wilderness lodge lake moeraki is located on the south island’s west coast
                between the glaciers and wanaka/queenstown. it is a comfortable 5.5 hours drive from wilderness lodge
                arthur’s pass and 3.5 hours from queenstown airport. we have driving notes available for the
                journey north or south.
get directions  or  
learn more







wilderness lodge arthur’s pass is located on highway 73 between christchurch and the west coast. it is less than 2 hours drive from christchurch and the towns of greymouth & hokitika and a comfortable 5.5 hours to wilderness lodge lake moeraki. the tranzalpine train stops in arthur’s pass and transfers to/from the lodge are available.

get directions  or  
learn more




getting here
find your way








open full map
















wilderness lodge lake moeraki
                    phone: +64 3 7500 881
lakemoeraki@wildernesslodge.co.nz
 find us on 



wilderness lodge arthur's pass
                    phone: +64 3 318 9246
arthurspass@wildernesslodge.co.nz
 find us on 










privacy policy
contact us
site map
links
facebook

© 2025 new zealand's wilderness lodges








