








amador city | california gold country | amador restaurants, hotel, shops
















































skip to content








 


search for:








about

government



overviewagendasminutesplanning & buildingmunicipal coderesolutionsclaim form (pdf)museum

 








visit

map & directions

contact

 


search for:








about

government



overviewagendasminutesplanning & buildingmunicipal coderesolutionsclaim form (pdf)museum

 








visit

map & directions

contact

about

government



overviewagendasminutesplanning & buildingmunicipal coderesolutionsclaim form (pdf)museum

 








visit

map & directions

contact

 










 





 


 


 





 




homechristine gustafson2024-01-03t23:16:57-08:00

amador city ~ california’s smallest hometown, incorporated 1915“if you like gold country towns with history, charm and a sense of being buffered from the noisy outside world, amador city is as good as it gets.”
peter fish, san francisco chronicle
welcome to amador city, a charming gold rush town located between sutter creek and plymouth and just minutes from the shenandoah valley wine region along historic highway 49 in california’s gold country.
one of california’s smallest incorporated cities, settled in 1853 and incorporated in 1915, with a population of just over 200 residents. amador city has a total area of 0.3 square miles (0.78 km2), all of which is land, making it the smallest city in california by size. amador city is a little city with a lot to offer.
the original mining-era buildings are now home to unique shops, restaurants, an artisan bakery and the imperial hotel, saloon & restaurant (circa 1878) affords visitors an opportunity to stay the night and enjoy amador city’s historic gold country way of life.
more about amador city historyfire prevention presentation
see the slideshow here
please join our emergency contact list
by using the button below.
(2 minutes to fill out the form)
be alerted in an emergency!reduce your risk!
(click poster above to enlarge)
fire prevention checklist
(click poster above to enlarge)
visit amador city
in addition, visitors to amador city can enjoy biking and walking the back roads with miles of tree-lined creeks, old mining head frames, rock walls and foundations.
the town provides a self-guided historical walking tour including two gold mining era cemeteries. the whitney museum (open 11-3 on weekends) retells the story of amador city at the peak of the gold rush with many artifacts and something of interest to the entire family.
there are also many wineries in the nearby shenandoah valley, fishing at many nearby lakes and rivers as well as golfing and gold panning and camping.
geocaching and geotracking are also popular past times. there are many “spots” in and around both amador city and amador county.
enjoy the gallery of photos below by local photographer and city council member, bruce smith.
more good day sacramento ~ amador city videos
https://www.youtube.com/c/gooddaysacramento/videos




 
 





 amador city hall
14531 east school street
p.o. box 200
amador city, ca 95601
telephone: 209-267-0682
fax: 209-267-0682
email: city.clerk@amador-city.com
web: https://amador-city.com

 

 visitor information
walking tour
hotel, restaurants, shops
amador whitney museum
email: info@amador-city.com

 

 government information
overview
agendas & minutes
municipal code
web accessibility

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025  |  elegant website design: innlight marketing  |  dedicated wordpress hosting: acies communications	

 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





amador city, california only two miles from sutter creek on highway 49, amador city is the state’s smallest incorporated city by area. according to the united states census bureau, the city has a total area of 0.3 square miles (0.78 km2), all of which is land, making it the smallest city in california by size.
amador city was originally settled in 1849 at what is now turner road and amador creek ( an old wagon road between drytown and sutter creek) by several groups of gold panners who were drawn to the area looking for their lucky strike.
at the 2000 census there were 196 people in 85 households, including 54 families, in the city.
points of interest
little amador railroad — remnants remain of an incredibly-detailed g-scale model train set in a garden that featured miniature mines and mills and turn-of-the-century full-size mining equipment. it is currently unused.
amador city cemetery — located behind the imperial hotel. visitors can take a self-guided tour of the 1.25-acre (5,100 m2) cemetery that dates back to the beginning of the town. historic highway 49
amador whitney museum — located in one of the oldest commercial buildings in town, dating back 1860, the museum collects and displays items related to history and culture of the mother lode region. the museum is named after mr. whitney, an antique dealer, that bequeathed the building to the city of amador to be used as a museum. amador whitney museum

 






 
 
page load link















go to top






