
















thump and growl








































































thump and growl



with kimberly massengill

































































































multifariosity and moving pictures











thump and growl is back! (kiiiinda.) 



it’s been two months since wbai cancelled my show, and i’ve not
yet given much thought to where thump and growl will land. girl’s been busy. i
can, however, announce the launch of something i’m feeling wicked squealy
about. video network waywire.com has installed me as curator of their new
genre whiplash channel.



video has limitations radio doesn’t, and vice versa. i’ll be
navigating those trade-offs, creating what i hope will feel like a visual
version of my radio show, though more easily sharable, more reliably archived,
and customizable in that you can repeat songs you dig, and skip songs you
don’t. you’ll even be seeing my chirpy-ass visage from time to time. (it’s in
my contract.) (the visage part, not the chirpy.) and consider the math…


<>  percentage of the
gig i can perform whilst wearing only my undiepants: 97%



<>  number of “jerks
at work”: 0 (unless you count me)



<>  days per year i’ll
have to set the alarm for ungodly:30 in the am, climb over snowbanks with wet
hair, and ride a bus and two trains at least one of which will smell like balls,
all before i’m even fully awake: < 11



<>  months annually
spent fundraising: zero. you heard me.



<>  number of carlin
words i can use without the fcc fining my employer: all of ‘em. every
motherfucking one.



i’ve
already been working for waywire since last fall, as curator of the body image
channel, and they’re good people. competent, professional, innovating
grown-ups, wielding the tools of the 21st century. and they’re
paying me to do something i’d be doing anyway.



will i
still find thump and growl a new radio home? dunno. we’ll see. if so, i can do
both. i have the strength of ten men, y’know. 



many
thanks to the friends who’ve inspired some of these inclusions, including rich,
reesh, kwame, rebecca, hans, leon, joy, peter, mark, and probably bob. also
most likely jay. and almost certainly david.



come
peruse the channel and say hey, why don’t ya? then return for freshly added
videos daily(ish). new stuff, old stuff, trippy stuff, rarities. i’m already
having an alarming amount of fun.



http://genrewhiplash.waywire.com



follow on
twitter at http://twitter.com/genrewhiplash

3/26/2015 














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
































1/22/2015 



so. the
final show has been nixed.



i got an
email tuesday evening informing me that wbai is really really super quite
double extra jolly well done with me. “we wanted to give you another two shows
to say goodbye to your listeners but that does not seem to be in the best
interest of the station.” i wrote back asking if i might be given a reason.
that was two days ago, and still no response, so i guess it ends with a whimper,
kids. no farewell show and no archives of my last. i imagine at some point i’ll
be glad this happened. but right now gratitude is not what i’m feeling.



except
for you. thank you to the producers, program directors, and wbai staffmembers
who’ve encouraged me through this. a special thanks to listener lisa sabath for
launching the petition to keep me at ‘bai, and thank you to all who’ve signed
it. many deep-dish thanks to the listeners who’ve supported thump and growl on
wbai for more than four years, even as that became increasingly difficult to
do. and to those who’ve energetically fought the show’s cancellation? oof. i
can’t thank you enough. those who’ve posted, messaged, and emailed me in recent
weeks have made me laugh, made me cry, have blown sunshine up my skirt when i’ve
felt beaten down, and told me things i wish i’d known sooner (!). some of you
have applied poetry, philosophy, and psychiatric expertise to the situation (who
knew i had so many therapists and msws listening?), and a couplefew of you have
already contacted me about bringing thump and growl to your stations. thank you
to the folks who followed me to ‘bai from wpkn, and especially to the weirdos
who’ve been following me since my years in commercial radio.



i can’t *not*
do radio. i’ve tried. chasing people in the street and forcing my earbuds into
their noggins is unsanitary. and not as welcomed as you’d think. but this is a busy
time (in my non-radio life), so it’ll be weeks before i can begin to sort out
where to take the show. after doing radio for a good chunk of the last 20+
years, there are things i’ve always wanted to do but have never been able to. 1)
do shows in my undiepants, and 2) selectively but freely employ the carlin
words which pepper my off-air conversation and musical choices. so i may be
looking for a new gig with these noble aspirations in mind. or not. dunno.



if you’d
like to be notified when i land somewhere, you may wanna join the thump and
growl facebook group and/or send your email address to thumpandgrowl “at” gmail
“daght” com and i’ll make an email list.



i was
looking for a photo on my phone this morning and ran across this one, the last
one taken in that studio, shot a couple of weeks ago. this is what i saw when i
looked up the email informing me the 27th would be my last tuesday
morning with you. is it me, or is this pic an absolute beatles album of
symbolism? maybe it’s just me. but it’s hilariously apt, no?



thanks
for everything, peeps. i love the fuck outta yuzz. stay tuned.



~ kimberly













email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest





























operation distract mario


a’ight, peeps. as
 you may have heard, thump and growl has been canceled, and the final 
episode is scheduled for january 27th. i’m immeasurably sad about it, 
and you’d better be, too. be sad, okay?

you may be asking how you can help. riiiight?

1) 
 email interim program director mario murillo at marioradio@wbai.org. 
he’s already posted that address on the site, so i’m assuming it’s cool.
 but be nice or he’ll jolly well give you what for. as well he should. 
he’s graciously been answering those of you who’ve written, so who 
knows? write and tell him about your favorite trans lesbian 
belgian-nigerian politi-funk band you learned about on thump and growl.

2) 
 sign the petition. yup. there’s a petition. listener lisa sabath has 
launched one to let management know the show means something to the 
undersigned. go be an undersigned, why don’t ya? it’s at 
http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/we-want-thump-and-growl-with-kimberly-massengill

3) 
 join the thump and growl facebook group. that’s where you’ll find news 
about the future of the show (or lack thereof). and the real-time 
playlists happen there, too. that’s also the best place to communicate 
with the show’s host. (that’s me.)  you can use the group without 
joining, but joining will get you notifications. dooo eeeet. 
https://www.facebook.com/groups/thumpandgrowl/

4)  distract mario.
 okay, hear me out. the mon-thurs morning music strip is being replaced 
with more call-in talk shows, and ‘thump and growl’ has already been 
replaced with ‘talkback’ in the archives. however. mario reports he’s 
not yet locked in the new hosts for monday and tuesday, and if he’s 
unable to do that before his term concludes (end of the month-ish), we 
may be allowed to remain! am i too proud to accept a default win? 
obviously not! so here are some suggestions for operation distract 
mario:

<>  ask him detailed questions about science or math.
 or god. oooh, if you can incorporate all three into a single time-suck 
query, i’ll be your best friend forever.

<>  challenge him 
to a long-distance bike un-race. that’s where whomever can go the 
slowest without toppling over, wins. i recommend some remote, bucolic 
route where there will be no aspiring radio hosts encountered along the 
way.

<>  fresh baked goods, still warm from the oven. he 
might be one o’ them no-carb people, so prepare an alternate 
distribution plan, so’s the goodies don’t go to waste.

<>  
ask him to grab his recorder and follow you to where jimmy hoffa is 
awaiting his exclusive interview. then forget where jimmy hoffa is 
awaiting his exclusive interview.

<>  compliment his hair. 
like, non-stop. make it clear it’d be rude if he walked away before 
you’re finished complimenting him. then just keep at it.  a follicular 
filibuster! i mean let’s be real. he’s got spectacular hair, yes?

<>  “look! up in the sky! super green double helix chemtrails!”

that’s
 all i can think of right now. i guess i’m better at *being* distracted 
than i am at disctracting others. keep it safe and polite,and don’t 
forget to tune in to the final two shows, january 20th & 27th, 
10-noon. the archives haven’t been working, so if y’wanna listen, 
y’might wanna do it live.

and thanks in advance, peeps. i’m rootin’ for music. how ‘bout you? happy distracting!

bread and roses,
kimberly massengill













email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest





























tuesday, december 10, 2013
10-noon
wbai 99.5 fm in nyc
and streaming live at http://stream.wbai.org/ 













email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest






















huzzah!





the preemptions, partial preemptions, schedule changes, whining, begging, cajoling, etc. have all ended! thump and growl has returned to tuesdays 10-noon. for now. tune in, why don't ya?













email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest






















sad programming change





unfortunate news from the "war is hell... even on music" department: we've just been told that due to the us action against syria, weekday music programming at wbai will be cut down to 11-noon beginning this monday, sept 9th, with the suggestion that the morning music strip may be on its way out altogether.

due to the fact that we'll now be following a rebroadcast of something which aired hours earlier, and this will happen without an opportunity to announce the change to our listeners, i imagine my audience will drop to, well, the trusty handful who're reading this message. but i'll continue to ride the bucking bronco that is 'bai as long as i can. even though the buck-speed has been turned up to eleven.

i still love the fuck outta the place. 

thanks, as always, for your support, folks. if you're interested in keeping up with my radio future (or lack thereof), i strongly urge you to join the thump and growl facebook group. i'm now gonna sit down with a bag of sweet pea crisps, put on my headphones, and listen to the entire cake discography in chronological order and at tremendous volume, and hope this has all disappeared by the end.
  
  













email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest























the best of thump and growl, volume 5








the summer fund drive episode of thump and growl (complete with 
cliffhanger) is happening july 30th, where our gift to you for 
supporting wbai will be the best of thump and growl, volume 5! new to 
the show, or just now recovering from a two-and-a-half-year long dialing
 finger injury? don't fret. you'll be able to snag volumes 1 through 4, 
as well. artists are daily being added to the line-up. don't miss this 
one, mmmkay? 65% of life's mysteries will be answered on tuesday the 
30th, 10-noon.

thump and growl summer fundraiser
10-noon, tuesday, july 30, 2013
wbai 99.5 fm in nyc and streaming at http://wbai.org

update: i'm still tracking down musicians, many of whom are hiding like 
truffles. participating artists so far include red baraat, the coup, 
kate nash, luna, lilacs & champagne, maia vidal, ok star orchestra, 
the cannanes, greg brown, kaleidoscope jukebox, ariya astrobeat 
arkestra, and my new favorite band blue gene, who wanted to know how the
 hell i found ‘em. deets are still being worked out with some other big 
probablies.~ kimberlyps: i call dibs on the future band name big probablies. 














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest










































email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest























fall fund drive episode with thrilling cliffhanger!








bursting
with the tastiest from recent episodes, the best of thump and growl, volume 4 includes tracks by:




the mutts

allah-las

hearts of
darkness
menahan
  street band

washed out

tinariwen

marco
benevento

shawn lee’s ping pong orchestra

darondo

hugh masekela and the union of south africa

phantoms

hot peas
and butta feat. big pimp jones

magnolia
electric co.

sixth
finger, beat inc.

charles
walker band

mighty tiny

quantic and
his combo barbaro


but wait!  this
volume includes not one pimp, but two!  (no foolin'.)  now how much would you pay?  the cd is our gift to you for your pledge of 50 bucks or more.  and for the first time, we're offering volumes 1-4, a 5-disc set, bundled for a pledge of $125.  you wanna know stuff other people don't know, right?  plus, there's a live drawing for concert tickets, cds, and wicked-ass attire.

thump and growl fall fundraising show
10-noon, tuesday 10/2/2012
wbai 99.5 fm in nyc
and streaming at http://wbai.org
pledge line: (212) 209-2950

tune in, call up, plunk down.













email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest























saluting mark sandman on his 60th 








morphine's mark sandman would've hated to have his 60th birthday 
recognized.  but thump and growl is doing it anyway.  with music from 
morphine's discography and sandman's solo work, as well as from 
incarnations which came both before and after: treat her right, 
orchestra morphine, jeff robinson trio and dana colley, bourbon 
princess, twinemen, ever-expanding elastic waste band, either/orchestra, a.k.a.c.o.d., and others 
launched or influenced by sandman's career. we'll also hear some 
unreleased material and a morphine cover or two.  that'd really piss him off.

thump and growl
10-noon, tuesday, 9/18/2012
wbai 99.5 fm in nyc
and streaming live at wbai.org













email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















about your host





kimberly massengill


new york city

view my complete profile




tuesdays, 10-noonwbai 99.5 fm new york city also streaming live at: http://wbai.org/playernew.html'60s soul, '70s funk, slowcore, trip-hop, jangle pop, devil twang, quirk, da riddim, gospel (fat and black only, please), indie rock for grown-ups™, draggy, buzzy jazz no one would ever mistake for smooth, downtempo electronica, as long as i don't have to say the word 'electronica,' most things rockin' the 'afro' prefix, breathy vocals by folks who can't quite sing, smacky, lumbering psychedelithump, less than flattering songs about jesus, old style crooners sporting impressive amounts of hair product, the slow, grindy grooves a junkie stripper would probably dig, blues by musicians wearing hats of some sort, songs sung in languages i don't understand, good covers of bad songs and bad covers of good songs.

























































search this blog
































note: this website design is alarmingly incompatible with outdated browsers. so update, a'ight? i'll wait here while you go do that.











































awesome inc. theme. theme images by fpm. powered by blogger.
























