


gaia research - home













 


 


















 






 







the launch buttons here



have 
                            drop-down menus



 
























  

this 
              website is best viewed using internet explorer at resolution 1024 
              x 768




earth, people and animal friendly!.................... 
            we lead.. others follow, and we don't cost the earth! 




 


 
 

                      there is more to gaia than meets the eye!!
click 
                      here or scroll down
 









 



 




 




 




 















 














 





 

 


upon the sale of the members interests in gaia research cc, trading as gaia organics in march 2011 to their daughter, claudia, this website was archived to retain the public's access to the works of stuart thomson, research director of the gaia research institute upon the member's retirement.
 
the institute and its funding arm were formally split into two independent entities with no interdependencies other than licencing of and restrictions on use of trademarks, copyright and intellectual property. the rights holder hereby gives notice of and asserts his international common law and other rights, which will be strictly enforced and damage claims instituted against any infringements.
please note that any contact or correspondence regarding the intellectual 
              property of the gaia research institute and/or its director, stuart 
              thomson is to be addressed to the director directly at  director@gaiaresearch.co.za.
visitors are invited 
              to communicate feedback, including constructive criticism and rectification 
              of spelling and grammatical errors, since this is intended to be 
              an educational experience and hence, such advisement will be accepted 
              in good spirit.




  


the counter on this page 
            refers only to hits recorded for the home page and hence not the total 
            number of pages visited, nor the total number of visits to this website 
            other than via the home page, eg. via search engines to individual 
            pages.


 
 





 original counter june 2002
 
  












 
 


 
gaia is copyright © 2006 gaia all rights 
              reserved







