









home - thai consulate general in vancouver









































skip to main content









home
thai culture 

chakri day
visaka bucha


life in canada 

costs
getting a job
pros & cons
success stories
visa


thailand 

visiting


blog
about
contact





 














welcome to thai consulate general in vancouver 
							
a government organisation of thailand 
that has been established in different countries 
 to show the interest of thai democracy in relations with other countries 
							 





live in the 
best cities in canada 
							royal thai consulate – general has been established in 1996  in order to help people of thailand to easily have access to all the information required for their travel, relocation to thailand or canada, trade and cultural aspects 
							 



royal thai consulate  general in vancouver 
							is the canadian branch of the consulate – general  looking out to strengthen the relations and bond between the  two countries and to  help out thai immigrants who want to  relocate to canada in pursueof a better established lifestyle or are just travelling to canada on a  holiday trip.  
							 















 
royal thai consulate – general is a government organisation of thailand that has been established in different countries to show the interest of thai democracy in relations with other countries and to enhance the economical, scientific, cultural and commercial relations between countries. royal thai consulate – general in vancouver is the canadian branch of the consulate – general looking out to strengthen the relations and bond between the two countries and to help out thai immigrants who want to relocate to canada in pursue of a better established lifestyle or are just travelling to canada on a holiday trip. the consulate – general helps out people with issuing of visa, legal registrations, acquiring birth and death certificates or hire foreign people.


popular streaming services - 2022



model time is the newest addition of adulttime studio. you can now see models’ ideas about how to create an engaging video episode. everything is in their hands and they aren’t controlled in any way. did they succeed? you bet.






bratty milf is 2021 production of nubiles studio and it features the ultimate adventures of spoiled moms on the hunt for young guys. watch their daily life routine being focused on scoring the naughty goal.






dpfanatics is 2022 pick of ours. are you into double penetration kind of fun? then it’s perfect place to visit. given it has european origins you can expect only the freshest faces from the continent taking their chance in this double the trouble kind of fun.






missionary boys is having a great popularity trends in thailand. while the project is usa-based it received many attention from various societies of canadian thais. the story about mormon boys becoming gay thanks to the secret cultists has grown over years and it’s got a dedicated fantasy xxx website.






twink top is current top choice for all curious ones. watch usual bottom guys becoming alpha males with their partners who usually… top. makes sense? even if it doesn’t you will catch what’s the deal quickly! enjoy this role swap series that gained lots of attention in thailand – for a reason!






family sinners has been built to show you the kinky way of running family relations in this story-driven episodes. watch step siblings along with their step parents in questionable practices where curiosity and inside cravings take over – all you wanted to know about forbidden family love is here!


just released - 2023 edition



dare dorm – one of the finest dorm parties ever recorded on tape. watch the real stuff footage of girls and guys involved in doing some very weird dares!


streaming now - https://daringdorms.com



rods room – by michael vegas, for gay cinema fans. watch the very high end production with world’s most famous performers in the niche. 2023 is surely going to be the year for this brand!


streaming now - https://rodsgay.comstreaming now - https://bunnybrownies.com


brown bunnies – when it comes to ebony babes there is no better place to admire them! watch your favorite black performers in non-stop bunny-like action. and believe us there is whole lotta booty to explore!





sean cody – the world of authentic american gay guys in action. watch them having real fun with other guys as they are exploring their wild side! since 2001 we have found 100’s of true talents!


streaming now - https://gaycody.comthai cultureabout chakri dayfor thailand people, and thais living all over the world, chakri day holds a special occasion on which they celebrate their very own royal foundation, the founding of chakri dynasty which dates back to more than two centuries when the capital city bangkok was initially established. the day falls on 6th april each year and is a marked public holiday. in case it falls on a wekkend the holiday is substituted by the following monday. following is a detailed account about what chakri day is and how it is celebrated.
about visaka buchavisaka bucha day is the full moon day of the sixth lunar eclipse marking the most important events of lord buddha’s life. the day is recognised as a worship day and remembrance for the teachings and social and spiritual values of buddha. the day usually falls in the months of may and june. in case it was a year with the extra eighth lunar month – adhikamasa – the day is celebrated on the full moon night of seventh lunar eclipse. the three incidents of gautam buddh’s life – his birth.
living in different canadian citieshamiltonis a port city in the canadian province of ontario. niagara escarpment, forested ridge known locally as “the mountain”.
halifaxan atlantic ocean port in eastern canada, is the provincial capital of nova scotia. a major business centre.
montrealis the largest city in canada’s québec province. it’s set on an island in the saint lawrence river and named after mt. royal.
vancouvera bustling west coast seaport in british columbia, is among canada’s densest, most ethnically diverse cities.
monctonis a city in southeastern new brunswick, canada. resurgo place is home to the moncton museum, which explores the city’s history, as well as the transportation discovery centre
quebec citysits on the saint lawrence river in canada’s mostly french-speaking québec province. dating to 1608, it has a fortified colonial core, vieux-québec and place royale with stone buildings.
torontothe capital of the province of ontario, is a major canadian city along lake ontario’s northwestern shore. it’s a dynamic metropolis with a core of soaring skyscrapers, all dwarfed by the iconic.
charlottetownis the capital of canada’s prince edward island. it’s on the southern coast of the province. the province house national historic site hosted the charlottetown conference of 1864
recent articlesfrom thailand to canada – the success storiesaugust 29, 2019today, canada is well known across the globe for being immigrant friendly and for all…what a canadian stand to gain when they visit thailandmarch 25, 2018with recent developments in the relations between the two countries – canada and thailand –…the best places to work in canada for thai peoplemarch 7, 2018thai people have been known to migrate to canada since the early 1950s in search…success secrets for thai people in canadafebruary 12, 2018as a thai immigrant in canada you are already at a better position than other…pros and cons of living in canadajanuary 10, 2018living in canada could very well be a great change for your life that might…what you need to get a job in canadadecember 15, 2017there is no doubt that canada has a high employment market and almost anyone with…subscribe to our newsletterenter your email addresssubscribe









about us
royal thai consulate – general have an earnestly devoted team of government officials and technicians along with practiced lawyers, officers and historian who are well established in their fields of knowledge.
business info641 chemin georges
lavaltrie, qc j0k 1h0
450-541-0101450-541-0101admin@thaicongenvancouver.org
recent articlesfrom thailand to canada – the success storiesaugust 29, 2019what a canadian stand to gain when they visit thailandmarch 25, 2018the best places to work in canada for thai peoplemarch 7, 2018
 





copyright royal thai consulate. - all rights reserved 2017

home
privacy policy
cookies policy
terms and conditions
contact






























