



pritchard law webs: web solutions for lawyers and clients, minneapolis, minnesota




















search for:in: 
minnesota
wisconsin
world
 

www.lawmoose.comsearch minnesota, wisconsin and world law sites!






global law portal - on lawmoose!



contents


minnesota law firms on the web - on lawmoose!
(a-z) (by city)



minnesota courts on the web


law news sources on the web



mn law & lawyers in the news




minnesota's 100  largest law firms - on lawmoose!



minnesota law firm web page rankings




legal reference desku.s., mn, gen'l


minnesota gov't attorneys on the web




presentations & course materials



for further information


about plw services



plw news




our mission



profile of plw's founder



archives
















building better law firms: embedding practical classifications into practice systems

we have reached the point where it is increasingly difficult to draw any meaningful boundary between law practice knowledge management and law practice itself. 
in the quest for better systems, it is time to devote greater attention to the subject of the knowledge classifications that drive them.
continued ...  (full article by lavern pritchard, originally published in the april 2003 issue of law technology news)

need a customizable, easily maintainable knowledge management taxonomy?
we've just built one of the most sophisticated, flexible thesaurus / taxonomy construction software applications ever. 100% web-based. if you want to really get a handle on your knowledge, you're going to need something like this. just out of our knowledge lab. equally suited for legal and all other taxonomy challenges. only available for select intranet applications with associated consulting services. call us if you really need a decent taxonomy and appreciate how wisely-conceived taxonomies are critical core components of sophisticated expert support systems. there's nothing quite like it (or at least we could not find anything like it.) that's why we built it.

beta testing begins on the lawmoose community legal marketing environment
pritchard law webs announced on january 17 that the lawmoose community legal marketing environment has entered the beta testing phase. it is currently being tested by selected minnesota lawyers. their experiences and suggestions will further shape the environment before subscriptions are accepted and the environment goes live on lawmoose. more ...

join the web era with pritchard law webs.


top




search:









include the internet law library in your search: 

search help






 services |  internet law library | law & lawyers in the news | 
priweb news | 
  law firms |  plw 100 |  web page rankings |  courts |  legal reference |  presentations |  comments |  contents |  archive |  profile |  add law firm


translate with altavista'stm systranr to:
french | 
german |

italian |

portuguese | 

spanish





pritchard law webs, 2100 foshay tower, 821 marquette avenue, minneapolis, minnesota 55402. tel: (612) 332-0102, fax: (612) 332-3225.


general site terms and conditions apply to this page. © 1998-2005 pritchard law webs. all rights reserved. this site was re-generated with plw/sitebuilder on 
january 17, 2005.
 plw/sitebuilder, plw's intranet, extranet, and portions of this publicly accessible site are:


.








