







dj ryan parker - nh wedding djs | maine wedding djs | massachusetts wedding djs


































dj ryan parkernh wedding djs | maine wedding djs | massachusetts wedding djshome
dance!
about
pricing
reviews
faq
videos
blog
fb
contact
ww!
you’re lucky you found us because

we aren't raising the bar.we are the bar.
new england's premier dj and music service since 2003.  over 1000 happy clients and counting.
now entering our 22nd season in 2025!!!
zero marketing or advertising. over booked every year.
no fake bridal "best of" awards (you know the ones) to entice you to hire us, just guests with hurting feet at the end of the night
and surpassing clients expectations every time.
please visit our "videos" tab at the top of the page which will take you to our youtube page, which we constantly try and add to to show off our work.
call or text at 603.661.6930, or use the "contact us now" button below
contact us now learn more
note: we typically book every saturday night from april until december and many friday's and sunday's.  inquire early!
(fridays, saturdays and sundays in may, june, september and october always fill up the fastest)


 
redefining the art of the 
wedding dance party
understanding that just “pressing play” isn’t good enough for our clients, we seamlessly transition from different musical genres throughout the night, using digital mixing techniques and creative know-how that has been honed over 20 years.  in addition, we bring a high degree of technical knowledge of equipment and dance lighting that is extremely rare in our industry.  for each of our clients we combine the technical skill with our customized dj timeline process and the results are packed dance floors and exceeding clients’ expectations every time. anything less is unacceptable to us.





 about us
there are djs and then there are wedding djs. we are wedding djs and we excel at what it takes to make your music unforgettable. we focus our skills on client communication, organizational day-of timelines, seemless song mixing, song selection, and intelligent controlled dance lighting to the highest level in the industry. basically, our services look great, sound great, and feel great because we won't accept anything less.


 
experience
we have over 700 weddings to our credits (we average 40 weddings a year for the past 20 years), undergraduate and masters degrees in music (new england conservatory), every song your guests could possibly want (over 1 terabyte), and the understanding of what it takes to make a dance floor successful when you have a combination of 20 year olds to 70 year olds. stop worrying at this point forward. we have this part covered. this is what we do and we love doing it.
location
we are based on the beautiful seacoast of new hampshire and travel all throughout new england every weekend. we spend zero dollars on marketing and book up solid every year. our results market for us. click to our facebook page on the link at the top (fb) to see where we are each weekend or our youtube page (videos tab). we try to post often though sometimes we are just too darn busy focusing on our performances and contracting new clients.



 because each wedding and event is so unique, each will require a custom pricing quote specifically for you. when contacting us please provide us with the following:


 what is the date of the event?


 where is it located/name of the event site?


 what are the approx. start and end times?


 do you need us to dj the ceremony as well?


 we price our dj services based on a few factors, including:
1. our experience (you can’t put a price on what you’ve learned from over 700 weddings performed in 20 years)
2. what the rest of the marketplace is charging
3. how far the event is from dover nh
4. how many different dj set ups (separate sound systems) may be required
we keep our pricing fair and equal to all potential clients and try to offer discounts for booking multiple events, friday or sunday events, or events booked close to the event date.
while email or texting is fine, we do enjoy talking with our potential clients over the phone, and inevitably we end up learning much more about their event which leads to getting a quicker quote from us.


don’t take our word for it

"ryan is one of the best dj's based in nh...he is, simply put, one of the best i could ever recommend for my couples. trust me."
kevin sullivan - rivermill (dover nh)



 
"when a bride asks us who to get for a dj, we don't hesitate in saying ryan. he always packs our dance floors and works closely with our clients to suit their individual needs."
thompson inn



 
“ryan parker is lisa sammons events “go-to” dj for weddings and special events. his professionalism, preparedness for the day, and willingness to please our clients is unparalleled."
lisa sammons events



 
"i have been working with ryan for years now and i can always count on him to make my clients dance party great."
turner hill country club



 "when our discerning clients ask us for a dj for any special event, we always recommend ryan highly. he is a pleasure to work with"
the 100 club (portsmouth nh)

 "that's the most amount of people we've had dancing here for the past 12 months, since you were here last!"
loon mountain resort

 "having ryan as one of our favorite vendors simply makes our job easier when he shows up"
flag hill winery

 "from a coordinators standpoint, i can't tell you how much easier it makes my job when we work with experienced and professional vendors such as yourself"
 
barn on the pemi 

 "i recommend ryan all the time, and why wouldn't i?  i trusted him enough to dj my own wedding"
douglass levy (photographer from boston)

 
frequently asked questions



 
we want lots of people to dance. how are you going to do that?
because we love what we do and we understand music. or better yet, we understand what music works for most weddings versus what works for a high school prom. not only do we excel at song selection at the right time, but knowing how to mix from song to song and genre to genre is our speciality.  and when you combine that with simple lighting effects, you have a packed dance floor. 
do we meet to tell you what songs we want and when our special dances will be?
we like to organize your day musicially about 1-3 weeks before your wedding date, that way you've already made a lot of your decisions. we have a way we like to time-line out your day and will walk you through it step by step listening to any requests or questions you might have.
do you play line-dances?
we still hear this from clients and love to answer it this way; there are times that certain crowds want to hear, lets say, the "cupid shuffle", and it's our job to know when to play it or if it's to satisfy a request. if it's part of your "do-not play" list then you can rest assured that it won't be played.
do you have references?
this rarely gets asked now, but we would connect you with any of our preferred vendors in the industry.
do you perform ceremonies?
yes, ceremony pricing will be based on the amount of work required, as some are 200 yards out on a beach or in the middle of a large field far away from the reception site, and some are in the same location and don't require even a 2nd set up. our ceremony system is completely battery powered and very portable.
are you a master of ceremonies as well?
yes, we will do introductions into the reception and provide any other announcements you may need. this all gets organized and discussed at your final meeting.
we don't want someone who sounds over the top.
great, that's us! we act like a normal person should when using a microphone, not as a radio dj or someone who is going to advertise their dj company throughout your wedding. we don't get crowds "hyped" with our voice, so we've been forced to learn great song selection and smooth mixing techniques in order to create packed dance floors and happy guests.



 
how do your contracts work?
once you decide to contract us we will send you a contract via email. you can send it back signed and dated. we ask for a 50% deposit to hold the date and the remaining 50% is due 14 days prior to your wedding date.
what if one of my guests comes up and requests a song?
we find ourselves in all kinds of situations with guests, family members, and bridal party members approaching us to play a specific song. we do our best to consider all requests, knowing that the bottom line is wanting the most amount of guests dancing the most amount of time. 
can we give you "please play" or "do-not play" lists?
yes! generally speaking, if you give us about 20 requests and some other ideas for do-not plays we will get the idea of what you are looking for. it’s important that you “star” the songs that are “must plays” as we can’t always get to every request because of time. regardless, you’re the client and you can have anything you want!
will you match another dj companies price?
it depends on a few factors. some of the things we take into consideration are the date of your wedding, how soon it is, and how comparable we think the dj company is to our services. it doesn't hurt to ask!
are there additional fees/travel fees?
no. the only time a hotel room needs to be paid for by the client however is during december through april and your wedding conflicts with extremely poor weather or snow.
what do you wear?
a suit. we like to blend in, not stick out.
should i care what equipment you use?
yes, each part of our gear has been carefully thought out, from what it looks like to what it sounds like and what is appropriate for weddings, right down to the length of our cords and how we hide them from site. some of our competitors still use the original jbl eon's, a popular speaker from 25 years ago! there is both a sound and look difference, let alone what their table looks like with orange cords going every which way. you should be investing your money in someone that's investing theirs for you, in modern and up to date equipment, and who cares about their overall appearance in addition to their performance and sound quality. all dj equipment is not the same. we avoid "vertical line array's" like the ev evolve 50 or bose "stick" systems. don't be fooled by others; a classic "2 tops plus 1-2 subwoofers on the ground" can't be beat and has proven that over the years.


 
you found us, now...
we hope we aren't already booked!
(no pushy sales gimmicks if you contact us. we just love dj-ing weddings, and yes, we travel all throughout new england)
click here if you want to dance until your feet hurt

still not convinced and want to see more? click on our "fb, "videos", or "blog" tags at the top of the page. or see our most current reviews on wedding wire.  click "ww" above. 
we spend zero money on marketing ourselves on-line, in magazines, or by going to bridal shows and are over-booked each season.



facebook
youtube
contact us
copyright © 2025 dj ryan parker · log in










