

























chilli peppers coastal grill | outer banks restaurant




















skip to main content













home
menus
daily promos
events
meals to go
posts





 great food from around the world



indepth information and live local updates for the outer banks





 




chilli peppers coastal grill


serving you for more than 25 years
to the countless customers who have supported us over the years, thank you! we wouldn't be here without you.

hours





 
(252) 441-8081location & hours

(252) 441-80813001 n. croatan hwymp 5.5kill devil hillsdirections 

menusouter banks restaurant in kill devil hills, nc
chilli peppers grill is an outer banks restaurant in kill devil hills, nc, offering cuisine from around the world. whether you look to its daily lunch or dinner menu, or its off-season weekly tapas menu, a dish to fit your exact craving is standing by.
its name might seem to indicate a southwestern or even mexican focus, but the food at chilli peppers knows no geographical bounds. the menu has undergone habitual innovations since the restaurant’s inception in 1993. any given iteration is sure to include dishes from the far-reaching corners of the world. many of those dishes are prepared with ingredients fresh from the restaurant’s backyard garden. we also offer outdoor pet friendly dining in our beautiful courtyard. inside discover a multi-faceted atmosphere with a cozy, family-friendly dining room on one end and bar on the other. the restaurant is open for lunch and dinner on a daily basis and offers an award-winning brunch every sunday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
chilli peppers was founded in 1993 ago by community man, jim douglas. it wasn't his first successful venture, nor his most iconic. nonetheless, it’s one of the best-known and loved restaurants on the outer banks. if you aren’t yet acquainted with douglas’s other brainchildren, those claims may seem contradictory — but they’re sound! you see, in addition to his entrepreneurial involvement in other local restaurants and real estate, jim douglas created the (literally) world-famous ‘obx’ acronym. short of the wright brothers, there may never be a more recognized brand born on this island. all this considered, chilli peppers is one in a collection of highly touted projects for which jim’s par is excellence.
chilli peppers nightlife outer banks
chilli peppers is known for its role in the busy outer banks nightlife scene. plus it's one of the island’s few venues to offer late-night eats to complement its expansive beer and cocktail selection. the steamed munchies menu is available nightly starting at 9pm. come have a drink, and a bite whenever the mood strikes!
	 


 
 


see full gallery 








contact us
(252) 441-8081
milepost 5.5
3001 n. croatan highway
	kill devil hills, nc 27948
click here for hours




chilli peppers coastal grill







 



              3001 n. croatan hwy| mp 5.5 | kill devil hills, nc 27948 | (252) 441-8081            © chilli peppers coastal grill 2025. all rights reserved.
      powered by the oneboat® community content management system. by working together we achieve more than by working alone.




user login
 username *
 password *
forgot password


log in








 








