
brighton surf report with the south west uk surfing forecast from sharkbait


























news





surf report





surf shop





second hand





brighton sas





sharkboard





 message board 


 


links








where 2 surf 





gallery





safaris





 









quick 
                      links: 
bbc 
                        5-day forecast
local 
                          tide tables
recent 
                          wave heights
wind guru
chichester 
                            bar
a1 surf
xc weather





 
 


 











latest 
                    news





 




taking place between the 18th – 26th of april, the big spring beach
clean (bsbc) is the largest and most effective volunteer beach cleaning
project in the uk, if not europe. since 2010 over 120,271 of you have
joined us at over 2,578 events across the uk.

a staple of all beach clean calendars, the big spring beach clean is
hugely impactful, inclusive and above all else, fun. it is the standard
by which all other beach clean projects are measured, thanks to you!
for more information or to get involved, please email the beach clean
team on beachcleans@sas.org.uk.





find out more about local sas campaigns and these events at www.facebook.com/sasinbrighton










 



can you help the good work of the wave project to provide surf therapy sessions in brighton? 
the
wave project in brighton originated with a  pilot scheme  in
2015, with the support of enthusiastic volunteers and the local
community of brighton. since then the wave project in brighton has
worked with local children and young people, helping to change their
lives through surfing. we are very excited to have been granted funding
by the henry smith charity.  this means that we are able to
deliver six surf therapy courses to sixty local children and young
people each year for the next three years. are you a qualified surf
instructor in the brighton & hove area? we'd love to hear from
you! we are looking for more freelance surf instructors &
lifeguards to join our amazing brighton team. 


email: charlottew@waveproject.co.uk for more info. 
or visit visit www.waveproject.co.uk for more information 











 
surfers
against sewage are highlighting the threat that single-use plastic
poses to our oceans with installation of a 30ft warship made from
plastic waste. join the wasteland campaign and the resistance against
single-use plastic, watch the dramatic wasteland film narrated by
oscar-nominated actress imelda staunton....
 
 
 


surfers
against sewage has launched an updated and improved safer seas service,
now reporting on water quality in real-time at 330 beaches around
england and wales...













older 
              stories 
the endless summer re-released on dvd and blueray
rest in peace cameron munroe 
ban on surfers paddling across shoreham harbour by order of the harbour master
sharkbait xmas party raised £300 towards surfers against sewage
beyond sight, the movie
brighton hosts the world's biggest celebration of wild whales and dolphins – whalefest!
the panama paddle expedition
brighton on a skateboard
brighton's big screen is hosting a red bull surf cinema takeover!
supernova surf shop has opened it's doors to a new surfboard heritage centre
the new version of the surf reporter surf app now runs on karma!
wave heights in brighton would be slashed by 22% due  to the rampion windfarm from e.on
the largest shark caught in british waters?
                        local surf films projected on the cliff face in brighton
download the latest surfing app and help raise funds to send the gb team to  panama
the world's most expensive stand up paddleboard
the museum of british surfing now open  in braunton, north devon
woefully inadequate water         quality standards
kelly slater (usa), 39, has officially claimed a historic 11th asp  world title
kelly slater wins lower trestles
the london surf / film festival 
sas are proud to be launching a new real time sewage warning system
rio breaks is directed by justin mitchell and is released in cinemas from mr bongo films
lagoon watersports in brighton announce details of the first system 2.0 cable wake park
kelly slater claims 2010 asp world title
europe's first surfing museum gets the go ahead in north devon
tony hawke will be coming to brighton
getting fit for your surf trip!
is this britain's earliest surfer?
jock paterson paddles across the channel all in aid of surfers against sewage
australian surfing icon mark richards will be visiting ocean sports, brighton
ellie lawson is touring 9 quiksilver stores in the uk as part of her sponsorship deal with quiksilver women
south african grant “twiggy” baker claims ride of the year
jump on board our exclusively chartered boat to the remote   surf breaks of the maldives
the  o'neill cold water classic (cwc) scotland
irish surfer glenn hall wins asp wqs 4-star burton toyota pro in australia
guide for buying waterproof camera











 





















out now on dvd! 





this is surfing in brighton
get your copy 
                  now...


 




brighton surf report | devon surf report | surfing photos | surf app | cornwall surf report | local surf beaches | surf travel | email me
copyright 
            © sharkbait design co. since 1999
















