     buster miles ford in heflin, al | alabama ford dealership                            


                                                    buster miles heflin ford inc        sales 256-848-1624    service 256-848-1625  parts 256-848-1623      1880 almon streetheflin, al 36264                                           service        map        contact                       buster miles heflin ford inc             call 256-848-1624   directions                       new   all new inventory    new trucks   new suvs   schedule test drive   lifetime powertrain warranty   value your trade   ford protect   ford x-plan partner companies    custom factory order   best trucks for outdoor activities: the ford f-150     used   all used inventory   vehicles under $25k   used trucks   used suvs   schedule test drive   value your trade   buster miles buy center   used vehicle guide     electric vehicles   electric vehicles   ford evs & hybrids near anniston, al   new evs     fleet   fleet vehicles     specials   buster miles new specials   buster miles used specials   regional incentives   manufacturer service specials     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   fordpass   ford accessories   ford pickup & delivery   upfitting services   free tire rotations for life   spray-in bedliner   body shop   tires   check ford recalls     research   compare the 2024 ford bronco vs. bronco sport near   model showroom   how to sell a car   2024 ford maverick   rental car services   delivery services at buster miles   2024 ford mustang    2024 ford expedition   2024 ford ranger   2024 ford bronco sport   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford super duty   2025 ford explorer     finance   finance department   credit application   value your trade    vehicle protection plans     about us   why buy from us   our dealership   one price philosophy   meet our staff   careers   leave us a review   community involvement at buster miles ford     contact   dealer information   hours & directions                     home   new   all new inventory    new trucks   new suvs   schedule test drive   lifetime powertrain warranty   value your trade   ford protect   ford x-plan partner companies    custom factory order   best trucks for outdoor activities: the ford f-150     used   all used inventory   vehicles under $25k   used trucks   used suvs   schedule test drive   value your trade   buster miles buy center   used vehicle guide     electric vehicles   electric vehicles   ford evs & hybrids near anniston, al   new evs     fleet   fleet vehicles     specials   buster miles new specials   buster miles used specials   regional incentives   manufacturer service specials     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   fordpass   ford accessories   ford pickup & delivery   upfitting services   free tire rotations for life   spray-in bedliner   body shop   tires   check ford recalls     research   compare the 2024 ford bronco vs. bronco sport near   model showroom   how to sell a car   2024 ford maverick   rental car services   delivery services at buster miles   2024 ford mustang    2024 ford expedition   2024 ford ranger   2024 ford bronco sport   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford super duty   2025 ford explorer     finance   finance department   credit application   value your trade    vehicle protection plans     about us   why buy from us   our dealership   one price philosophy   meet our staff   careers   leave us a review   community involvement at buster miles ford     contact   dealer information   hours & directions                  




free pick up & delivery service

schedule today















inventory




inventory
search

       filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       











service




schedule service
 schedule now





service
our service technicians are highly trained and certified.



service



schedule



specials











      search new inventory     search used inventory            a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory        




new inventory









used inventory









custom order today









we buy cars






     

f-series
the best-selling trucks in america for 50 straight years.

since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability. up-to-the-nanosecond technology. and jaw-dropping capability. leading the way for 40 straight years is grueling, intense and tough. yeah. just the way f-series likes it.

view inventory





      

                                                                                                                           disclaimer                   disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                           
 
      

ultimate ford service center
ultimate ford service center
regular vehicle maintenance, oil changes, and brake service.
when it's time for vehicle maintenance or repair, visit the ford certified service expert technicians to handle all of your vehicle needs. nobody knows your vehicle better than these trained professionals. from oil changes to engine replacements, it's easy to let the certified service experts take care of everything.
schedule service


     

welcome to buster miles ford in heflin, al!
if you're looking for a ford dealer in heflin, al, that prioritizes transparency, head straight to buster miles ford. we pride ourselves on offering a straightforward and hassle-free car-buying process to every alabama ford driver desiring a new or used vehicle. when you shop at our al ford dealer, you'll benefit from exclusive warranties and can trust our ford service technicians with all your auto maintenance needs down the line. we're a one-stop shop for all your ford needs, so come on down and meet our team today!
 
when you visit buster miles ford, not only will you be impressed by our selection of new ford trucks and suvs, but also the lengths we go to ensure customer satisfaction. we offer a lifetime powertrain warranty on all our new ford models for sale in heflin, al, ensuring you can enjoy your ford f-150, edge or explorer for years and miles to come. plus, you can make it even better by browsing our new ford specials and locking in an amazing price on the bronco sport, ranger or super duty® you want most. no matter the new or used ford you'd like to drive home in, our ford financing specialists will offer a no-haggle, one-price car-buying experience you're sure to appreciate.
 
here at buster miles ford, we want to take care of you long after the sale. the experts in our ford service department will treat your ford truck or suv to high-quality auto repairs and maintenance. you can turn to us for routine work or more extensive brake repairs, tire service and more. and because we use genuine ford parts whenever possible, you can trust the quality of work that we perform. schedule ford service with us today to feel the peace of mind you deserve!
 
buster miles ford is located at 1880 almon street in heflin, al, which is just a quick drive away for our friends headed here from oxford, anniston and gadsden, al. we also proudly serve nearby georgia ford fans, too, so whether you're from alabama, georgia or elsewhere in the area, we've got all your automotive needs covered!
learn more





sales hours     monday 8:00am - 5:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 5:00pm    friday 8:00am - 5:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 5:00pm     sunday closed    

     



1880 almon street, heflin, al 36264

directions






 


follow us

                                 




     

customers first
when our founder, buster miles, opened up his dealership nearly 30 years ago, he had one mission — to get the people in his community the best deals on reliable vehicles.
since then, heflin and the surrounding anniston and oxford area, have been good to our team at buster miles heflin ford inc and we've been nothing but proud to serve the community.
we have a great selection of new and used vehicles. trucks, sedans, and suvs — you name it, we have it.
our showroom is open from 9 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. monday through friday and saturday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. you can find us at 1880 almon street in heflin, alabama. give us a visit and let us help find your perfect car.


built ford tough
there's a reason we sell fords. they're the most reliable, affordable, and stylish vehicles on the market.
if you need a ford-tough truck to change the way you get work done, check out our stock of f-150, f-250, or ranger pickups. if you're looking for passenger space, let us show you the ecosport, escape, or explorer suvs. we have coupes, hatchbacks, minivans, and convertibles waiting to go home with you.
our sales team is knowledgeable about the fords we sell and consult with you to find the best vehicles for you and your family.


top of the line service
once you've chosen a ford, our service to you doesn't stop there. our team is here to help you for the long haul. use our auto finance center to get a lease or loan solution so we can get you in your new car as soon as possible.
if you need anything tweaked or fixed on your ford, our team of licensed technicians makes sure the job gets done. whether it's a standard oil change or a big repair, our service center is will take car of it. we are open 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. monday through saturday so stop when it’s convenient for you.
we also offer cash for trade-ins — no negotiations, no tricks. our aim at buster miles is to give you a car shopping experience that won't rush or be negative in any way for you. our team wants you to take your time to find the perfect ride for you, so you won't be pressured in any way.


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures buster miles heflin ford inc | 1880 almon street, heflin, al 36264 | sales: 256-848-1624 |                



















                   