











home | quality matters







        skip to main content
    








 
 
 
 
 






search






















main navigation




why qm?


impact


hqim


process


about


value to students




membership


benefits & fees


how to use qm


faqs


member showcase


sign up


myqm login




professional development


schedule


workshops


courses for qm roles


teaching online certificate


qm live! virtual workshops


free webinars


for your organization




reviews & certification


course design reviews


qm-certified courses


program reviews


qm-certified programs


quality in course sharing




events


attend


present


qm awards


qm gives back


sponsor/exhibit


conference presentations


free webinars




research


qm focused resources


qm research library


conduct qm research


qm research colleagues


chloe project


presentation recordings




qa resources


rubrics & standards


qa consulting


resource center


connect


order materials


showcase of best practice




qm id association


qm ida leadership





















aprende más
helping you deliver on your online promise
with online learning, everyone has a goal. learners need to improve and grow. you work to nurture them with well-conceived, well-designed, well-presented courses and programs. our goal — as a non-profit, quality assurance organization — is to provide a system to help you deliver on that promise: with review, improvement and certification of quality.

learn more








 


research
over 1000 studies: sorted, sifted, scrutinized.
solid research is the foundation — and catalyst for improvement — of the qm quality assurance process.





 


community
learn, share, connect.
qm conferences and resources give you access to the qm community — roughly 100,000 strong, with over 1,300 member institutions in the us and internationally.







 


rubrics & standards
the gold standard for courses, programs and more.
from general to specific, qm provides a pathway for benchmarking quality. objectively. repeatedly. predictably.





 


qa & peer review
robust, objective, expert input.
with 8,000 certified reviewers, our exclusive system puts you on track to reach quality assurance goals and improve student achievement.





 


professional development
get in depth and maximize qm.
strengthen your expertise with workshops and resources focused on improving quality. broaden your skill set with courses for qm roles.









up next — february 27:register two & the third is free!join your peers for discussion, learning & morewith four qm events to choose from in 2025, there is something for every education professional! from research and using data to make a case for quality to classroom-based best practices from k-12 and higher ed educators, these events feature presentations and discussions sourced from the community that believes quality matters.session recordings are available to registrants for 90 days after the event in the attendee website.see events







get started on the path of continuous improvement





build skills for tomorrow's learnerswhether you're looking to use ai, improve course delivery or explore equitable assessment practices, qm has you covered with professional development options. here's what's new:

applying universal design for learning
leveraging generative ai for course design
teaching online certificate virtual workshops — short synchronous sessions coupled with async activities

scheduling professional development for a group? qm can help you set up dedicated sessions in face-to-face, virtual and online modalities to fit your timeline and budget.


recognition for foundational design quality

already using the three-point essential standards from the qm higher ed rubric, seventh edition to build quality in your course? get recognized for foundational design when the course meets standards in an essential review — a new official review option for benchmarking and recognizing faculty and staff continuous improvement efforts.



new self-paced workshopsdec. 16, 2024 - march 11, 2025: join the qm winter retreat to elevate the learner experience in your courses. the intro to udl 3.0 for online courses, relational teaching and learning, and voice and choice workshops can be completed on your schedule any time before march 10, 2025. learn more »




what is a qm-certified course?

a qm-certified course is an online or blended course that has met qm standards for a qm rubric in an official course review for certification. once certified, organizations can display the qm certification mark to demonstrate their commitment to quality, continuous improvement and hqim.

learn more »


find out if qm is right for youif you’ve been looking for solutions to help ensure that learners are engaging with high-quality courses and instructional materials (hqim), qm has them. through course improvement, professional development and robust review processes, qm empowers you to deliver on the promise of online learning.

learn why quality matters »




see qm membership benefits
whether you are part of an organizational membership or have signed up individually, make sure you are maximizing what qm has to offer. if you're not a member yet, see the options and start saving on professional development, official course reviews and more.
get details »








every implementation tells a story






“i loved participating in the qm colleague program…it helps to talk with someone who has been through the process and knows what works.”
diane pisacreta from saint louis community college, professor



“having our online programs quality matters certified will distinguish them in the marketplace where students have so many choices these days."
garvey pyke from unc charlotte, director of the center for teaching and learning



"since participating in the qm k-12 reviewer course, i have a much better grasp of the rubric, including a deeper understanding of each standard and any corresponding annotation."
anthony white from kodiak island borough school district, statewide virtual content and stem program coordinator



"it is always refreshing to attend a qm conference. the enthusiasm and collaboration felt is contagious in a good way."
maria fernandez from california state university, los angeles







 


see qm at these events




digital learning annual conference (dlac)



february 24-26, 2025, atlanta, gasuzie scheffler, qm's community engagement manager, k-12 and pam shaw, qm's senior k12 quality assurance manager will be presenting multiple times. their session and poster titles include:best practices to develop and vet online content: a deeper diverefreshing the nsq course standards - a dive into quality course designthe qm review process: a peek behind the curtainevaluating online and digital courses as high-quality instructional materials (hqim)leveling up course design: comparing nsq course design standards and the qm k-12 rubric
learn more »




2025 distance education accrediting commission annual conference



april 6-8, 2-25, tucson, azdeb adair, ph.d. will be presenting. details coming soon.
learn more>> »




sacscoc summer institute



july 20-23, 2025, kissimmee, fljennifer culver, ph.d., qm's community engagement manager, higher ed, cpe will be presenting "ai driven innovation of learning outcomes and assessment."
learn more>> »









research & guidance




origins of quality matters



wondering how qm got started? or need some material to explain qm to others? these resources are a great start for understanding the underlying principles of qm.
learn more »




online teaching & design resources



while working with an instructional designer is the best path to course quality, this collection of resources can help you identify areas for improvement and outline basic steps for improving course quality. this list includes:

webinar recording: building on remote instruction successes
5 tips for moving from remote instruction to quality online learning
qm bridge to quality course design guide, basic edition (higher ed. & k-12 versions)

learn more »




digital accessibility policy white paper series



this three-part digital accessibility white paper series shares the results of a 2019 survey conducted by dr. barbara frey and dr. rae mancilla. the first paper covers accessibility policies and processes, the second is on course design and development tools, and the third is about professional development needs.
see the papers »




survey of chief online officers reports (chloe project)



see the latest reports from this multi-year survey project of chief online officers. the reports provide insight into the trends and challenges that a range of higher education institutions — from flagship universities to community colleges — face as they navigate the ever-changing landscape of online learning. the most recent report — chloe 9 | strategy shift: institutions respond to sustained online demand — is now available for download.

learn more »









learning opportunities




coming up in higher ed



winter retreat! elevate the student experience with self-paced workshops!  register now! sessions are open for registration through february 22, 2025!experience quality matters professional development in a virtual, condensed format! in addition to the applying the quality matters rubric, teaching online certificate, and other workshops are now available in this format! register now for upcoming sessions! (select the virtual tab)designing your online course (dyoc): register for february 20 (this is an online session)connecting learning objectives and assessments (cloa): register for february 20 (this is an online session)designing your hybrid course (dyhc): register for february 27 (this is an online session)teaching online: an introduction to online delivery (tol): register for february 27 (this is an online session)synchronous online teaching (sot): register for february 28 (virtual session meets 12-4 pm eastern)




coming up in k-12



winter retreat! elevate the student experience with self-paced workshops! register now for self-paced workshops. sessions open december 16!intro to generative ai for k-12 teachers: register for february 17 (this session meets 12-4 pm eastern time. please adjust time for your time zone)introduction to quality matters (intro2qm): register for february 18 (this is an online session)applying the quality matters k-12 rubric (k12app): register for march 4 (this is an online session)k-12 master reviewer certification (k-12 mrc): register for march 4 (this is an online session)k-12 reviewer course (k12rc): register for march 5 (this is an online session)




accessibility & usability resource site (aurs)



aurs is the go-to resource for educators to address key accessibility and usability concerns. anyone can register for free access to the site by logging into myqm and selecting “workshop - register” in the side navigation. if you've already registered, the aurs link can be found in your dashboard of the qm classroom after you log in.

learn more »




qm success stories



join us feb. 19, 2025 for "designing for everyone: accessibility, usability and the new ada ruling" at 1:00 p.m. eastern. qm success stories webinars are free and open to qm members.
learn more »














login


myqm


qm canvas classroom


qm staff


conference presenters






connect


qm staff


linkedin


twitter


facebook


youtube


qm ida






get help


faqs


contact us


logging in to myqm


privacy policy


terms of use


accessibility policy


contact qm support






show me


how qm works


qm certified courses


qm certified programs


qm member organizations


qm self review demo


qm employment opportunities








866-851-4984 | 1997 annapolis exchange parkway, suite 300, annapolis, md 21401 | info@qualitymatters.orgthe materials found on this website may not be used without the express written consent of quality matters. © 2025 quality matters. all rights reserved.






this website uses cookies for important user experience functions. please review our privacy policy for more information. 















