






comicweb















old time radio, serial cliffhangers, golden age comics, and more!
binge listen to over 10,000 hours of old time radio, then binge watch hundreds of hours of serial cliffhangers, old movies and classic tv!




comicweb




comicweb
        




home


old time radio
            


podcasts
                


binge listen
                





golden age comics
            


screensavers
                
cover gallery





serial cliffhangers
            


classic tv
            


old movies
            


podcasts


otr
                


superman
                
video pod
                




more


gifts for seniors


comic book news


merchandise
book lists
links




contact us


about us


follow us
                
donate/support










recent updates

serial cliffhanger:hurricane express: chapter 1
old time radio program:crime and peter chambers
podcasts of the week:superman and damon runyan theater
golden age comic:baffling mysteries #05
movie or tv of the week:public defender -- classic tv




old time radio


old time radio programs showcase the genres of drama, horror, suspense, adventure, and comedies. we have shows like the shadow, lone ranger, inner sanctum, blondie, and many, many more - buy or listen for free.



golden age comics


all in color for a dime! buy golden age comics as pdfs for only ten cents each. or read online for free. horror, romance, adventure, mystery, sci-fi, superheroes, and everything in between!



serial cliffhangers


classic movie serial cliffhangers like flash gordon, captain america, captain marvel, chick carter, and many more. tune in each week or the good guy gets it. buy on dvd or watch for free.



old movies


there not old if you haven't seen them. sci-fi, horror, b movies, comedies, and mysteries.  all for free! 



classic tv


the golden age of television: tv episodes from the 1940s and 1950s. episodes include: the great gildersleeve, richard diamond, ellery queen, and more. 



podcasts


* comicweb old time radio podcast features a different otr programeach week* weekly adventures of superman* weekly serial cliffhanger chapter



binge listen


over 20,000 old time radio programs like gunsmoke, johnny dollar, jack benny, superman, and the green hornet available to listen to for free!



binge watch


we have serial cliffhangers, classic television episodes, and old movies. all for free. 



comic book news


follow the latest news in the comic book industry. 



about us/follow us


send us a message, find out about us (in business for over 20 years), or follow us on facebook, itunes, and dailymotion



the comicweb has been online for over 20 years! 
the comicweb started in our basement with an html for dummies book and a dream, a dream to provide a fun place to listen to and watch great, and more than a little cheesey, entertainment. old time radio, serial cliffhangers, old movies, golden age comic books all fun, for over 20 years.    







serial cliffhanger

each week we present the next chapter of an exciting serial cliffhanger movie from the 1940s and 1950s. tune in each week or the good guy gets it






classic movie or tv


old  movies or classic television: sci-fi, detective, adventure, and more. for free!





old time radio podcast

each week we present a different old time radio program from the 1930s-1950s. featuring: green hornet, lone ranger, shadow, sergeant preston, and many, many more. plus you get some of our brilliant analysis and commentary.



superman podcast

each week we present a new superman old time radio episode from the 1940s. superman episodes in the order that they were originally broadcast. special feature: you don't get any of our brilliant analysis or commentary.






comicweb
www.comicweb.comcontact us








â© comicweb company












