




engraved awards & gifts for any occasion | engraving connection






























 40 year anniversary - 2018
 1-8778-awards





productsawardsbrass platesembossersdesk name platesnambémemorial flag presentation boxesfamily tree plaquesname badgesrubber stampscross pensspecial giftsbaptism and first communion giftstestimonialscontact uscart




































professionally designed - custom and traditional awards
choose from laser engraved metal, wood, or acrylic. we also etch crystal and marble awards.
check out these fun and creative awards for inspiration.










brass plates


birth and memorial engraving plates
special events engraving plates
photo frame engraving plates
military engraving plates
remember any special occasion engraving plates













engraving connection is an authorized nambé dealer. make your nambé gifts extra special with engraving!










embossers
there are many uses for embossers: corporate seals, organization seals, architect seals, and engineer seals. people also use embossers for their wedding invitations and have designed monograms and artwork to symbolize their upcoming marriage.










memorial flag display boxes



just days before the cleanup was completed at ground zero, we received a call from sgt. lisa gong from the new york city police department. sgt lisa was looking for a memorial flag box for the flag that flew over ground zero during the cleanup. she chose the queen ann cherry memorial display box. you can order the same one!



engraving connection to waterford's rescue





we received a call from waterford crystal who was commissioned to supply the detroit tigers with crystal baseball bats, crystal home plates, and crystal baseballs. the problem was, they didn't have enough time to etch them for the grand opening of comerica park. we got the job done in 48 hours! read other happy endings!

			bring your waterford crystal flutes, rocking horses and other pieces to us and have them etched.






larry hagman, star of dallas & i dream of jeannie, shops engraving connection



rex,
		ok...thanks. and fyi....the gift recipient loved the desk name plate. she gets many compliments on it....it's lovely!
commissioner of police in australia's retirement. (nfp) last year.cindy fisher


rex,
		thanks so much. i was happy to find you and will let you know of any other needs we have. being born and raised in michigan it's nice to do business with some "folks from back home."blessings,linda schmidt broomfield united methodist church


hi rex,
		the person i gave it to (it was a birthday gift) was so impressed by it. your craftsmanship is excellent.
i will use you again.have a great day,jenny


hi rex,
		i was just telling a co-worker how great my invitations came out. using the embosser that i ordered from you really set them apart from all of the rest. it was very kind of you to follow up and as soon as i find a need for additional products, i will certainly contact you. the customer service, follow -up, and turn around time was absolutely fantastic. for a frantic and busy bride, that is exactly what i needed.thanks again!nicole young starks


rex,
		thank you so much for your e-mail. the embosser that we bought from you was a christmas present for my son-in-law. and, he is absolutely thrilled. i did the design and you folks helped me to make sure it would work well. please extend my gratitude. as of right now, we are not planning another one in the near future, but i plan to make one to emboss my artwork (drawings) later in the year. rest assured, when i do, i'll call you first. if you ever have a need for a reference, please do not hesitate to use me.regards,mark wilkinson


rex,
		thank you so much - what prompt & wonderful service! i lost both my "big dogs" this past year and want to add moose to the memory bench i had purchased for maggie who passed first...thank you for helping me give them a loving tribute.kathy
 






engraving information

commonly asked engraving questions
business history
engraving processes



contact us

1205 s. main st.plymouth, mi 48170
phone 734-459-3180
fax 734-455-6040
etched@engravecon.com







					engraving connection is just scratching out a living.
				







read our blog








