







zubal books









zubal books








sign inorder history
checkout
help


my cart ( items) 






browse books


rare books
bulk books
books by the foot



sell your books


consign books



about us


testimonials



articles  

        

rare books
website exclusives


rare items found nowhere else!



(216) 241-7640






go
    
        
    author & title
       description
       publisher
       date published
       isbn
      advanced search





home





popular subjects

new arrivals
physics
easton press
art
photography
math
philosophy

view all subjects

buy bulk books600-900 books per box.
more information

buy booksby the foot
    decorator collections available.
more information



members savings club
join & save at least 5% every day
join and be notified of "members only" sales and discounts. save from 5% to 50% on all items ordered!
if you haven't already done so, sign-up and save at least 5% today.sign-up now

help

faqs
order status
contact us





podcastlisten to the zubal brothers unload about things in the book trade that make them smile or give them the feelings that their heads may explode!
listen now



testimonials
members club
gift cards



  email us 







save 5% on our collection
when you sign up for the zubal books members club
sign up today







the annual zubal books moving sale is now in progress.

save between 10% and 50%. all items are marked with promotional prices:

brown - save 50%
view books 50% off ⇛

red - save 40%
view books 40% off ⇛

green - save 30%
view books 30% off ⇛

 

orange - save 20%
view books 20% off ⇛

blue - save 10%
view books 10% off ⇛

current members have been sent a promotional code that can be used during checkout to receive the sale prices. non-members have time to join! join now and receive the promotional code for this sale.
become a member. to sign-up and receive advanced notification of special sales, click here. new members, we'll send you the promotional code for the current sale via email.
promotional prices will be applied at checkout
become a member (sign-up)



great gift idea: purchase a zubal books gift card


welcome to zubal books
see what our customers say, view testimonials.
save at least 5% everyday, not a member? - join the members savings club

learn more about zubal books - view articles, videos & more.



popular book collections
discover our unique collection of rare and used books below. find volumes of out of print titles from
                    one of the largest collections on the internet.



   mathematics


   physics


   art


   philosophy


   new age occult


visit our store
visiting cleveland? live nearby? if so, feel free
                to stop by. we have a section of about 2500 browsable books mostly in the areas of art, photography,
                military, entertainment, history and oversize books. the best part is that each book is only
                    $5.00. please email or call (216-241-7640) to
                    arrange a visit during normal business hours.

view directions to zubal books



                zubal books advises buyers to never purchase from bookjackers
            
bookjackers: who they are, what they do, and why you should never purchase from them. current list of bookjackers updated july 2023.
we've been selling books online since about 1995. over the years we've seen many changes in our
                own
                company as well as at sites like abebooks.com, amazon.com, and alibris. one of the worst
                developments has been the rise of the bookjackers.
continue reading

book brothers episode 13

book brothers episode 13
                released: december, 2023
the best laid plans...
listen to the book brothers podcast

book brothers episode 12

book brothers episode 12
                released: november, 2022
art + books = love / treachery on the east coast / digital book piracy...
listen to the book brothers podcast

tremont’s zubal books preserves the written word and a 60-year-old literary tradition

the land article by collin cunningham
                published: february 24th 2022
a lot of people think of us as one of cleveland's best-kept secrets and we've been here for about 50 years so we're in it for the long haul...
view article on the land website.

the book seller
michael zubal, co-owner of zubal books, has amassed one of the largest book collections in the country, clocking in at over 1 million books. he's spent his life surrounded by the printed word and with those that cherish it. he is, the book seller.
                by neohiolife
                published:  february 2022



book brothers episode 11

book brothers episode 11
                released: december 3, 2021
the biggest book deal (conclusion) / what makes a book valuable?
listen to the book brothers podcast

book brothers episode 10

book brothers episode 10
                released: august 18, 2021
in our 10th episode michael and tom discuss the biggest book purchase of their lifetimes, what makes a book rare or valuable, and the challenges of entering the used book business in the 21st century.
listen to the book brothers podcast

book brothers podcast - episode 9

book brothers episode 9
                released: april 25, 2021
in episode 9, michael recounts his near-death experience in a wintery maelstrom with a van full of books and tom provides a breakdown of his recent book trips to st. louis and los angeles.
listen to the book brothers podcast

book brothers podcast - episode 8

book brothers episode 8
                released: february 22, 2021
michael and tom zubal (the book brothers) veer from their usual path and bring on special guest renowned book collector michael zinman to set the record straight regarding an important 1990s rescue of tens of thousands of printed artifacts from the new york public library. aside from sharing rare insight and first person experiences with the brothers, zinman appears in the recent film "the booksellers"
listen to the book brothers podcast

book brothers podcast - episode 7

book brothers episode 7
                released: november 29, 2020
the art of the book deal in the 21st century - rock n' roll, leather, and moviesmichael and tom zubal discuss 2 local deals that involve rock n' roll lifestyles and several trips hauling the goods as well as a major purchase of several thousand pristine easton press books on the east coast. they also share their thoughts on the movie "the booksellers" 
listen to the book brothers podcast

book brothers podcast - episode 6

book brothers episode 6
                released: april 14, 2020
50,000 books on an islandmichael and tom zubal discuss a purchase of 50,000 books on a remote island and chat about scholarly, rare and collectible books.
listen to the book brothers podcast

exclusive interview - detroit bookfest
zubal books in cleveland has over 3 million books: touring the family business with co-owner
                michael zubal!
read the article published july 19th, 2019 on the detroit bookfest website.

zubal books mourns the passing of anthony bourdain
zubal books mourns the passing of gourmand, adventurer and wonderful human being, anthony bourdain.
view channel 3 news tribute here.

cool spaces: penthouse atop west side warehouse is frozen in time.
cleveland, ohio - - in 1954, the plain dealer sunday magazine featured a flattering article about a new, upscale penthouse built on top of an existing book warehouse on west 25th street.
"people love it when they come up here," says michael zubal, whose family's zubal books has occupied the warehouse since 1973. "we haven't changed it (the penthouse) except to dust it up and wash it off every once in a while.
continue reading on cleveland.com

bookjacking level ii
i spend about 35 hours a week pricing our incoming books by using abe.com and amazon.com. over the last
                few years, i’ve noticed a very strange trend. for almost every modern book that i handle (which mostly
                happen to be books published by scholarly and university presses), not only does amazon display a record
                that contains an isbn (which i will refer to as a legitimate record), but also several identical records
                that do not contain isbns (which i will refer to as illegitimate records).
read full article



as low as $200 for  900 - 1100 books.more information



buy decorative books & books by the foot
                    we will help customize your design needs with decorator collections including antique and contemporary leather bound books as well as any subject from art to zoology.more information





zubal books accepts:
visa, mastercard, paypal



about us
faqs
privacy
contact us
complete catalog


zubal books · 216-241-7640 · 2969 west 25th street · cleveland, oh 44113 · usa












