servo products
























search our site
















search engine by
		freefind



 
	



language translation






 
	




servo newswire

   

 

distributor locatordealer listing



welcome to servo products company since 1964






product end of life notice



 effective  march 31, 2024  the type 140, 150, and 200 power feeds will be discontinued. any orders placed on or before march 31, 2024 will be honored. (excluding blanket orders) the type 350x is a direct replacement for all 3 types and features a significant increase in power and a more advanced brushless dc motor. 







new product announcement



 the type 
350
x
the strongest, most advanced power feed ever
exceeds the performance of the mighty 6f/8f



brushless dc motor
 the servo team of engineers have created our most powerful and efficient unit yet - the servo type 350x. the type 350x produces a minimum of 350 inch/pounds of continuous torque @ < .5 inch per minute!  view the full specifications here 







the redesigned 708 controller
servo's recent redesign of the 708 quill feed controller packed many more features utilizing modern,  leading edge, technological design elements.



acquisition announcementservo products is proud to announce the the acquisition of  elrod machine 






servo products is pleased to announce that we have reached an agreement to acquire the assets of elrod machine & manufacturing. elrod machine has over 30 years of providing excellent products and service to the machine tool industry. servo products will continue to produce the elrod quill drive kit, x and y axis brackets, and precision ball screws & fittings. we are confident that the elrod product line is the perfect addition to servo’s already growing line of cnc retrofit products. please contact servo products for all your elrod product needs. 



cnc retrofit kitservo products is proud to introduce the  servo orion cnc retrofit kit 



the orion cnc retrofit kit is an effective, low cost cnc solution for almost any make or model knee mill. it features a plc control panel, servo motors and runs on single phase power. add our optional vfd, auto lube pump, & led work light for a complete milling machine package. please download our cnc product brochure for details.



the variable frequency driveservo products company's variable frequency drive and variable frequency drive plus!



the variable frequency drive(vfd) and the vfd plus are designed to convert your mill from mechanically controlled speed into an electronically controlled milling machine. please download our product brochure for product details.


products and solutions

power feedsdrill presses
cnc controllers
power drawbars
sales connectionssales and marketingservo’s internal sales and marketingdistributors / dealersservo’s authorized distributors and dealerssupport centercontact uscustomer service, sales, marketing, and technical supportservice centerswarranties, repair service, rmas, etc.request informationonline product information request formproduct registrationregister your new servo product online todayspecificationsservo product specificationsdownloadssoftware downloads for various servo productsfrequently asked questionsanswers to the most popular questionssearchsearch this entire web site using keywordshelptools and tips for optimizing your use of our web site.copyright © 2003 all rights reserved.  web site design by close focus research










 