




reach out to horses-horsemanship, animal communication, energy healing




























 



 





 
 
welcome to
the next generation of horsemanship
welcome to the reach out to horses® program.  our clinics & workshops are designed to give you the unique opportunity to learn the methodologies and concepts necessary to fully understand and work in the language of the horse.   created by international equine specialist, natural horsemanship clinician, animal communicator and energy healer, anna twinney, this   hands-on approach will allow you to gain insight and understanding into the mind of the horse, learn how to leave the one way conversation behind, and build a true connection and trust-based partnership with your horse.     
the reach out methodologies take  horsemanship to an entirely new level, incorporating body language, energy work, animal communication and other healing modalities; all of which will show you how to reconnect to your horse and yourself in ways you never even imagined.  this is your chance to work with a talented, supportive and enlightened team, led by anna herself, committed to building and enhancing the relationship between horse and human through positive understanding and genuine communication. 
find out what people are saying about anna & the reach out program





join us  on our adventure ~ creatingharmony for horses and humans...

natural horsemanship
animal communication sessions
energy healing
2-week roth certification course
horse whispering 101
coaching
intuitive riding
demonstrations
gentling & training
health & nutrition 
essential oils
lectures and clinics
reach out to leadership
telephone horsemanship coaching
ac dream ranch retreat
healing horses at bitterroot ranch


where is anna going next?





join anna for a year of 
                   101 things to do 
                   with you horse 
let equine behaviorist, clinician, 
                 and horse whisperer, anna twinney 
                 as she guide you to a deeper 
                 
                 connection  with your horse. 
                 and a whole lot of fun! 
get all the details here!



>
            

now available from reach out to horses!
so many ways to keep up with anna!




exclusively from roth! 

the roth equine 
                    chakra banner 

                    everything you need to know
                    for  your equine healing
                    practice 
                    on one durable banner!
available in two sizes!
order yours now!



order your copy today! 

beyond the barn:
                exploring the next 
                generation of horsemanship
                volume 1 and 2!
                

order your copy here! 




            




watch anna's 

                carolina moment 

              on abc 13 - wlos!



 






 free horsemanship teleclass replays


 
learn the art of trust-based horsemanship in our free audio replays!


sign up as a free news subscriber and  access  our latest audio interviews, teleclasses and webinars, including:

anna joins jim swanner on radio wkac 1080am, in athens, alabama as they talk about all about horses. she introduces her work in horsemanship, energy, animal communication and her unique perspective 
                  and methodologies to create that trust-based partnership you've always wanted.
listen now




deepening your connection with all animals through telepathic communication
whether you are a veteran animal communicator or  just starting out,   you will explore just how deep you can go with your   inherent gifts as  an animal communicator. anna will be your guide through the jungle of   animal  communication and show you not only how to find clarity in the    connection but a depth to the session that many strive to achieve.

                      listen now

                      photo by sharon mohan
                  




 



 


 anna’s mission is to inspire and educate people to explore the animal’s communication system and to experience a trust based relationship that aspires to mutual healing.  showing humans how horses reflect our inner-self is one of anna’s main goals.  to become the best one can be, maintaining integrity, requires us to look inside and embrace our qualities and attributes, as well as that which causes us fear or concern.
anna is based in elizabeth, colorado and is available for clinics and seminars throughout the year.  visit her schedule to find out her current whereabouts or to inquire about how to host a clinic.
check out our stories,
              articles, webinars and podcasts from around the globe, as well as new
              product releases, training tips and photographs that depict special
              memories with people and their animal friends.  if you have
              a great story you would like to share with our visitors, please
              send it along to anna via an email for
              consideration on the site.  due to anna’s extensive
              travel, she now offers phone
              consultations as an on-going support system for existing students.






    

          







all information shared in workshops, energy healing workshops, and in private consultations are meant to facilitate health, balance and well-being in an animal.  all written materials, lectures, discussions, questions and answers, references to other modalities, products and practitioners are all ways in which information may be furnished in workshops and consultations.  at no time is this information meant to be a replacement for traditional medical care, veterinary treatment or a medical diagnosis for illness or injury.
 refer to a licensed medical or veterinary practitioner
      for medical care and to appropriate professionals for the service you are seeking. 


 


back to top


 




   info@reachouttohorses.com
©2004-2023 reach out to horses®
888-282-0656   




 
 
 























