





showbizpizza.com | where everyone can be a kid




























































about



mission statement
website faqs
contact / feedback





											informational
										


chuck e. cheese characters
the rock-afire explosion
history of chuck e. cheese
collectibles museum
info university
showtape review
photo gallery





											media / social
										


radio showbiz
video archive
special events
official discord































								since 1999, we have been the premiere online resource for people seeking to learn more about this unique restaurant concept. we have the largest online archive of showbiz and chuck e. cheese documentation dating back to 1977, archival photographs, historical video clips, and an ever expanding pool of information.

informational

the informational section of showbizpizza.com features all of our reference material. documents, catalogues, and information about the various characters can be found here









chuck e. cheese characterscharacters from today and yesterday











the rock-afire explosionmeet the members of the band













history of chuck e. cheesea work-in-progress book about cec's history











info universitypdf collection of historical documentation













showtape reviewarchival list of showtapes











collectibles museuma showcase of various merch through the years













photo gallerya photographic trip down memory lane











about showbizpizza.cominformation about the history of showbizpizza.com








media

the media section of showbizpizza.com features assorted media clips, including an always-on radio station streaming your favorite animatronic hits all day and night









radio showbizplaying your favorite animatronic hits, 24/7











video archivearchival collection of video clips








social

the social section of showbizpizza.com features the fandom-centric aspects of this hobby - where fans can come together to converse and meet one another, both online and in person









special eventschuck e. con information & more











official discorddiscuss topics with other fans in our discord server







site updates





this week brought the heartbreaking news of the passing of burt "sal" wilson. although he's probably best known as a florida radio talent, around these parts he's known as the one and only voice of fatz geronimo from the rock-afire explosion. we honor his passing and his legacy with this short tribute video. thank you sal, for all the memories. the music and love you've shared with the world will live on forever.  december 30, 2023






veganovawebmaster / founder

























showbizpizza.com - where everyone can be a kid, since 1999.all characters and brands are ©/® their respective owners.






































