






	
		2touchpos
		 · bar point of sale





















you’re offline. this is a read only version of the page.



















toggle navigation










                      home
                




                      contact us
                













all




all


web pages


forums


cases


knowledge articles




search filter

all
web pages
forums
cases
knowledge articles


      search
    














     sign in
                


























































  buy now  

"you know how stressful it gets when your bar is slammed, and you can’t keep up? it's easy for profits to slip through the cracks. 2touch equips you to not only survive but thrive during these times, turning chaos into cash by supercharging service speed and transaction turnover."
                  we want to hear your story!


speed - control - profit


















boost your bottom line with 2touchpos: 

elevate guest check averages and master menu engineering to increase profitability by 10% to 25%
grow smarter, not harder




































































































  buy now  

















monetize your pos system.



it's time to turn your pos into a fee-generating money-compounding machine. for more than 20 years, we've worked with industry veterans to develop software for our clients, ranging from the local bar to leading bar management groups. enjoy a packed bar with happy customers and make a ton of money doing what you love.

here's how you do it:





click i am ready
tell us what you want
review and accept your offer




  buy now  


































we're here to help you navigate your restaurant.

book an appointment




















notice: assistance with emv zero auth - declines when a starting tabs
        

        if you’re experiencing declined transactions when opening tabs using $0 card validation, we’re here to help. please submit your information by clicking the "submit" button below, and our call center will reach out to discuss available solutions.

        

        if you have already submited the data, please ignore this message by clicking "close" button below.
        
 don't show this message again.

        
submit
close
















our address
xenios, llc
55 webster commons boulevard
webster, ny 14580


contact us
phone: (888) 756-7994
fax: (585) 325-6989
online form: contact us
email: info@2touchpos.com



privacy policy


copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.























