



heirloom tomato seeds with over 700 varieties of heirloom tomato and vegetable seeds








heirloom tomatoes
tomatoes with flavor....not the 
rubbery supermarket type.
 
 
 

[left.htm]











        


over 700 heirloom varieties





 



join the tomato club and receive a free tomato 
  newsletter  filled with growing tips 
    


    and monthly specials!

ready for the 
2015 season?


 hundreds of varieties of great heirloom 
tomato seeds and open pollinated seeds.  heirloom tomatoes just can't be 
beat for their outstanding flavor. tomatoes like 
green grape, 
stupice, 
green zebra tomato, brandywine tomatoes, 
mortgage lifter 
tomato, and cherokee purple are 
some of the many varieties of seeds we offer.  
our website offers over 700 varieties of heirloom 
tomato seeds, tomato growing tips, gardening links, and seed saving information. 
seed starting tips can be found by clicking the seed starting tips link above. 
we are also offering hot pepper seeds, several varieties of lettuce, and herb 
specials.
you can download our 2015 catalog here:
download 
	2015 seed catalog


(4.7 mb)  








your name:



your e-mail:

















 

join our
heirloom tomato growers club and receive a 
free 
email subscription to the heirloom tomato grower newsletter and 
free trial seeds to evaluate 
with your first order or simply by sending us a self addressed stamped envelope..
click here 
to become a club member:  

tomato club membership
if ordering
heirloom tomato seeds by mail, please click here  
this site is a simple straight forward site with not a lot of fancy
animation...we'd prefer to concentrate on providing you with
quality seeds.

 
10 varieties $21.00 
(save $7.00)  
heirloom 
sampler special.....10
varieties of heirloom tomato seeds (5-6 seeds of each).  this is a great 
way to introduce yourself or a gardening friend to the variety of flavors, 
sizes, shapes, and colors that heirloom tomatoes offer!...you get 10
great varieties of heirloom tomato seeds for $18......enough seeds to grow several bushels
of great tasting heirloom tomatoes which cannot be found in stores!!!!  varieties
include green grape, green zebra, brandywine, mortgage lifter, red pear,
yellow pear, amish paste, cherokee purple, white wonder, 
and black krim.  free growing tips included.  
these make great christmas gifts for your gardening friends. 

 
hot pepper mix 
- 9 varieties (6-10 seeds of each)  $14.95
try our new 
hot pepper collection ($7.55 savings 
over packet prices)!!  this 
collection includes 6-8 seeds of each of the following hot
pepper varieties: 
anaheim chili, ancho grande, cayenne long red, hungarian yellow wax, jalapeno, 
large red cherry hot, numex big jim, sante fe grande, and serrano chili.  
these hot peppers make great chili and salsa and are a perfect compliment to out 
large selection of heirloom tomatoes.  
individual pepper varieties available at the 
bottom of our tomato seed list.

 
sweet heirloom pepper mix 
- 6 varieties (6-10 seeds of each)  $9.95
try our modest selection of heirloom sweet 
peppers. varieties include red marconi, golden cal wonder, emerald giant, orange 
sun, chinese giant, and purple beauty. this selection will provide a great deal 
of color along with some great old fashioned pepper flavor.
individual pepper varieties available at the 
bottom of our tomato seed list.

 
old fashioned sunflower mix 
- 6 varieties (25-30 seeds of each)  $9.95
this is a nice selection of six different 
sunflower varieties that will fill your fence row or garden corner with a 
wonderful range of yellows, golds, and burgundy flowers. save some seeds to 
plant next year if you can beat the goldfinches and chick-a-dees to them.
our sunflower selection includes 25-30 seeds 
of each of the following autumn beauty, black russian, lemon queen, indian 
blanket, teddy bear, and velvet queen. 
 
   
world mix $18.00
tomatoes of the world mixture!!.....10
varieties of heirloom tomatoes seeds (5-6 seeds of each) from all over the world!!  a real variety of
colors, and old fashioned flavors that are not available commercially.  varieties are
individually packaged.
the varieties included in this collection are
druzba (bulgaria), omar's lebanese (lebanon), black krim 
(russia), stupice (czech. republic),
 costoluto genovese (italy),  custralee (france),
 polish giant (poland),  kentucky beefsteak (united states),
eva's purple ball (germany), and money maker 
(england).
 

  
10 variety herb sampler #1 
$16.95  

herb sampler 
#1!!.....10
varieties of culinary herbs (10-60 seeds of each) including sage, peppermint, sweet 
marjoram, garlic chives, coriander (cilantro), lemon basil, dwarf greek basil, oregano, 
summer savory, and italian sweet basil. enough varieties to start an excellent 
kitchen herb garden.varieties are
individually packaged.
 

  
5 variety lettuce sampler 
$8.95  

lettuce sampler!!.....five 
varieties of leaf lettuce (100-200 seeds of each) make 
a great salad with superb flavor and a variety of textures and flavor. perfect 
for adding you favorite heirloom tomatoes and perhaps a bit of fresh basil. 
lettuce varieties include romaine barcarolle, black seeded simpson, oakleaf, 
green salad bowl, and butterhead buttercrunch. pick leaves when they are 3" or 
taller and they will keep branching out and will supply you with a season of 
salads.
most seeds are only $2.95 per pack
(20-25 seeds)
ordering:
1. online ordering using shopping cart.
2. mail orders using printable order 
form printable order form.
3. fax orders - 
1-614-761-8883
4. phone orders - 
1-614-256-6298
 
thanks for your interest and as always...good luck gardening!


        

 


please email any questions or comments to: 

tomatobob
 
this page was last updated on 
01/02/15.
 

