ï»¿



welcome - science & art multimedia photography and training services 






















show     menu






 
welcome 














robert berdan photography - specializing in nature, wildlife and science photography 



robert berdan started science & art multimedia in 1996 providing: digital photography, photo restoration, web development and training  services. he is no longer providing web development services though he can provide images, movies etc for the web or use on social media. more recently he has begun to offer various microscopy and photomicrography services and has over 40 years experience. 
 robert has  taught at university of calgary, university of alberta, sait and red deer college and privately. robert has been photographing for over 4 decades for magazines, web sites, science journals and books.  his clients include univ. calgary, alberta government, sait, red deer college, bow habitat museum, government of northwest territories, canadian nature conservancy and several us firms e.g. jerry fain.  see section on photography along with a portfolio of images.  
robert offers training in photography, photoshop, macrophotography, photomicrography, landscape, travel, and night sky to all level of photographers from beginner to advanced and he regularly publishes educational articles on his other web site www.canadiannaturephotographer.com. 

 science & art also provides digital photo restoration  of old  & damaged photos, posters, and blue-prints. the work is guaranteed if you are not satisified you don't have to accept the job or pay. many people own photographs, but have lost the negatives or have experienced a catastrophe such as fire or flood.  having your photos scanned and restored is a great way to pass those memories on.       i have repaired  photos for insurance claims following a flood or fire damage. see samples of my work here. all work is quoted or provided with a guaranteed price before work is started. 
available for hire call  me at 403 247-2457.









click on the thumbs to go to the pages 



 
  (403) 247-2457
 



last updated september 25, 2023 calgary, ab



 
 
 













