





	home






simplesteps




simple steps to better dental health

good dental health helps keep your mouth in better shape. that means fewer cavities, stronger teeth and less chance for periodontal — or gum — disease.
importantly, good oral health is part of overall health and well-being. in fact, your mouth can be a window to many general health problems. aetna and the columbia university college of dental medicine have conducted studies to understand the connection between infections in the mouth and their impact on other parts of the body. they have shown that taking care of your teeth and gums may be important to your overall health.


use this website to find helpful information related to oral health and dental procedures.  and don’t forget to see your dentist annually for routine check-ups!


here are some general tips on the information you will find on this site. 


conditions- common medical conditions and impact to dental health


treatments- explanation of common dental treatments such as crowns, bridges, and root canals


prevent problems- ways to keep your teeth, gums, and body healthy 


general- information and answers to common dental questions


important information- trending topics


risk assessment tools for common dental conditions


last updated january 2022  




featuring consumerinformation fromcolumbia universitycollege of dental medicine general topics your dental visit parts of teeth and your gums smoking: a danger to healthy gums what is dental anxiety and phobia? your child's mouth your child's mouth managing anxiety in children repairing children's teeth  more  prevent problems brushing dental x-rays dental x-rays how are dental x-rays used? how often should you get dental x-rays? types of dental x-rays x-ray safety  eight steps to dental health flossing rush to brush stopping early tooth decay – without a filling more  conditions broken braces or wires dental anxiety: treatments and coping methods mouth-body connection diabetes eating disorders gastrointestinal disorders kidney disease pregnancy and oral health respiratory diseases and conditions  mouth injury severe tooth or mouth pain more  treatments are implants right for you? crowns fillings placing a child's filling types of fillings types of fillings used in children  fluoride and your teeth root canals endodontic treatment in children root canal treatment root canal the second time around  more  important info otcs vs. opioids 







glossary
web privacy
accessibility services
site map
legal statement 
aetna faqs
program provisions
legal notices
member disclosures
privacy information
state directory

© 2002-2018 aetna, inc. all rights reserved. all information is intended for your general knowledge only and is not a substitute for medical advice or treatment for specific medical conditions. you should seek prompt medical care for any specific health issues and consult your physician before starting a new fitness regimen. use of this online service is subject to the disclaimer and the terms and conditions. external website links provided on this site are meant for convenience and for informational purposes only; they do not constitute an endorsement. these external links open in a different window.





