

home

























process for picking greenbelt as new fbi headquarters was flawed, ig report says • james stephen terrell’s “transcendence: beyond the terrestrial plane” brings a bold vision of collage art to the modern era • pg county alpha kappa alpha sorority, inc.® chapters work side-by-side to serve the community • lawmakers debate the sentencing of youth as adults




















homeneighborscommunitycommentarybusinessarchivestax sales










february 13 - february 19, 2025





   


bridget byrne/capital news servicewashington—the fbi’s headquarters in the nation’s capital is aging and outdated. a greenbelt, maryland, site was selected in november 2023 for a new headquarters, despite objections by virginia lawmakers.
 
process for picking greenbelt as new fbi headquarters was flawed, ig report says
by mennatalla ibrahim, daranee balachandar and colin mcnamaracapital news service
washington (feb. 4, 2025)—a federal inspector general found that a couple of the reasons cited for picking greenbelt, maryland, as the new fbi headquarters site were unjustified, according to a report released by the general services administration monday.
the ig’s report stopped short of recommending a new site selection process, although rep. gerry connolly, d-virginia, charged that “gsa cooked the books.”
“gsa provided inaccurate information to guide the site selection process and we may never know the full extent of missteps,” he said.
maryland officials, including gov. wes moore, said in a joint statement that “nothing in this report disputes the gsa’s selection of greenbelt as the future home of the fbi.”
it was unclear tuesday whether the controversy will generate new efforts to contest the greenbelt site.
based on five criteria, a three-member panel from the gsa and the fbi evaluated gsa-compiled data to choose from three sites: springfield, virginia; greenbelt, maryland; and landover, maryland.
the gsa announced it chose greenbelt as the new site for the fbi headquarters campus, which is currently in downtown washington, in november 2023. the selection panel unanimously chose springfield, but senior gsa official nina albert overruled that decision.
the inspector general’s report said that the gsa overestimated relocation costs for the springfield, virginia, site and failed to provide specific equity data, such as racial and socioeconomic factors, for each location. instead, the agency presented county-level data, which showed a greater need for support in prince george’s county than in fairfax county.
the report dismissed conflict-of-interest concerns over albert, who previously served as the vice president of real estate and parking at washington metropolitan area transit authority, which owns the greenbelt site.
the gsa and its officials also failed to properly maintain text messages related to the relocation, according to the report.
albert’s government-issued phone was cleared of all data by the gsa as part of an automatic off-boarding procedure for employees leaving the agency. some officials created federal records by discussing the relocation on their personal cell phone, but failed to report these records until they were asked by the agency, months after the statutory deadline had passed.
responding to the ig’s report, then-gsa administrator robin carnahan wrote in a letter dated six days before the end of the biden administration that “while these findings are worth careful consideration, in my view none of them undermine the overall integrity of the process, the site selection panel’s recommendation, or the site selection authority’s (albert’s) decision.”
carnahan added that “all those involved did their best to recommend and ultimately select a site that would provide the best value for the fbi and the public.”
cns did not receive responses from the gsa, virginia democratic sens. mark warner and tim kaine or fairfax county supervisor pat herrity about possible next steps.
the fbi’s press office wrote in an email that officials “don’t have any comment at this time.”
greenbelt mayor emmett v. jordan told cns that the city “remains the most cost-effective location for the fbi headquarters.” he also emphasized that greenbelt adequately meets all the fbi’s security requirements and transportation accessibility needs.
with the site selection process already through many rounds of planning and vetting, jordan said he hopes that “the gsa is able to move ahead to find a place, hopefully in greenbelt, for the fbi,” especially with federal employees concerned about their jobs under the new administration.
the joint statement by maryland officials, which also included democratic sens. angela alsobrooks and chris van hollen and democratic reps. steny hoyer and glenn ivey, said “the greenbelt site continues to offer the lowest cost to the american taxpayer, the greatest transit accessibility and the most certain construction schedule.”
 

top of page
 





james stephen terrell’s “transcendence: beyond the terrestrial plane” brings a bold vision of collage art to the modern era
by press officerharmony hall arts center
fort washington, md. (feb. 4, 2025)—harmony hall arts center is proud to present “transcendence: beyond the terrestrial plane”, a striking new exhibition by acclaimed artist james stephen terrell. this vibrant collection redefines collage art, merging the legacy of the washington color school with dynamic layers of fabric, paint, and paper. terrell’s work is an immersive visual experience, interweaving bold patterns and intricate line work.
terrell extends the legacy of the washington color school, infusing it with a fresh and contemporary approach to the art of collage. drawing inspiration from pioneering artists david driskell and romare bearden, his works unfold in layers, rewarding those who take the time to engage deeply. each piece reveals hidden dimensions, much like the stained-glass windows of the black church and the roman catholic church that influence his aesthetic. the result is an experience that is both visually captivating and thought-provoking.
a native of washington, d.c., terrell was raised in ward 7. he is the son of rev. dr. james e. terrell, pastor of the historic second baptist church of washington, d.c., and retired superior court associate judge mary a. terrell. his academic credentials include a bachelor of fine arts from howard university, a master of fine arts from parsons school of design, and a master of divinity from union theological seminary with a concentration in theology and the fine arts.
with over 15 years of experience teaching art in d.c. public schools and public charter schools, terrell has exhibited his work nationwide, including solo shows at the prestigious saginaw art museum and the smithsonian.
james stephen terrell’s “transcendence: beyond the terrestrial plane” runs from monday, february 3 until saturday, march 8, 2025.
top of page





prince george’s county alpha kappa alpha sorority, inc.® chapters work side-by-side to serve the community in a postponed celebration of dr. martin luther king, jr. holiday
by press officerpsi epsilon omega (peo) chapter
who: seven prince george’s county chapters of alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated® iota gamma omega (igo) chapter, upsilon tau omega (uto) chapter, psi epsilon omega (peo) chapter, alpha alpha sigma omega (aaso) chapter, eta (h) chapter, theta nu (tn) chapter, and the proud pearls of prince george’s interest group.
what: the prince george’s county chapters of alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated® martin luther king (mlk) day of service was rescheduled to february 17, 2025, due to inclement weather. local aka chapters will host the “we are one” aka service day under the sorority’s initiatives, strengthen our sisterhood and uplift our local community. this is a unique opportunity for members to join together, volunteer, and make a meaningful impact in our community. community members that are interested in providing much needed resources are encouraged to make donations via the “we are one” aka service day amazon wish list which will remain open through february 13. donations also may be made on the day of the event.
when: monday, february 17, 2025 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
where: hillcrest heights community center, 2300 oxon run dr., oxon hill, md 20748
why: in honor of the unwavering support and service that dr. martin luther king, jr. unselfishly gave to the global community, four graduate chapters, one interest group, and two undergraduate chapters of alpha kappa alpha (aka) sorority, incorporated® are partnering to collect new, and gently used clean coats (for children and adults), new hats, gloves, scarves and socks as well as non-perishable food and toiletry items. members of aka, along with their youth leadership institute (yli) scholars, will assist in distributing these essential items to members of the local community.
this event is free and open to the public. community members will receive basic necessities while also engaging with local chapters of aka and learning about the valuable services that they offer to prince george’s county residents. “we are committed to serving our community,” said kristi l. matthews, igo president. “dr. king’s legacy of love, equality and uplift remains our focus and our intention. service is joy!” uto president quindella fletcher added, “collectively we are striving to make an impact in the prince george’s county community with a unified service initiative while honoring the legacy of dr. king.” dr. martin luther king, jr. once said, “life’s most persistent and urgent question is: ‘what are you doing for others?’” in response to his call to do more to uplift local communities, these aka chapters will collectively provide needed resources in prince george’s county.

alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated®, an international service organization, was founded on the campus of howard university in washington, d.c. in 1908, and has more than 360,000 initiated members in graduate and undergraduate chapters located in 12 nations and territories. since its founding, the sorority has implemented its service programs to uplift our local communities in prince george’s county by providing needed resources.
—february 6, 2025
top of page


 


lawmakers debate the sentencing of youth as adults
by paul kiefercapital news service
annapolis, md. (feb. 6, 2025)—maryland lawmakers are once again debating whether to scale back the state’s practice of automatically placing teenage defendants in adult court if they are accused of serious crimes.
after more than a decade of deadlock on the subject, advocates for the reforms had begun to worry that the moment for rethinking automatic sentencing had passed, while maryland’s state’s attorneys remained steadfastly opposed. however, a key senate democrat kept the debate alive this session by introducing a pared-down version of the proposal that maintains automatic charging as an adult for the most serious crimes.
“we’re paying more money, getting worse outcomes, and taking a longer time to get there,” said sen. william smith, a democrat representing montgomery county and the chair of the senate’s judicial proceedings committee.
smith argues that even his pared-down version of the bill would spare some juvenile defendants from spending weeks or months in the adult system before their charges are dismissed or dropped. reform advocates say that exposure increases their risk of committing a new, more serious crime in the future.
maryland prosecutors, however, contend that lawmakers should be more skeptical of the state’s department of juvenile services, which is responsible for housing and providing services to those in the juvenile justice system.
“it’s unwise to send more juveniles with more complex problems and challenges to a system that has been shrinking for the past three years,” said wicomico county state’s attorney jamie dykes, alluding to real and planned closures of juvenile detention and treatment facilities.
now, senate lawmakers are once again weighing whether the costs of treating some teenage defendants as adults pencil out for the public’s safety.
smith’s bill would give maryland’s juvenile courts default jurisdiction over teenage defendants charged with some violent crimes, allowing prosecutors to request that a case be moved to circuit court to reflect the severity of a crime. that would effectively flip the current system, wherein circuit court automatically has jurisdiction over juvenile defendants charged with certain violent crimes, and defense attorneys can request to transfer cases to juvenile court.
but the bill would leave the most serious violent crimes, including first-degree murder, in the circuit court’s jurisdiction by default. that exception is adjustment from past reform bills intended to assuage critics.
“this issue has been studied and debated throughout three governors, multiple committee chairs,” said alice wilkerson, executive director of advance maryland and a part of the coalition of advocacy groups backing the bill.
ending automatic sentencing of juveniles as adults was that coalition’s first policy goal, she added, and years later, it remains “unfinished business.”
that coalition has seen victories on other fronts. in 2022, for instance, maryland lawmakers voted to generally bar police from interrogating children until they have consulted an attorney.
dayvon love, director of public policy for the baltimore-based think tank leaders of a beautiful struggle and a vocal supporter of automatic sentencing reform, says pushback from law enforcement and prosecutors on recent criminal justice reforms, as well as critical media coverage, seemed to doom automatic sentencing reform.
“we are dealing with what i describe as a backlash,” he told the capital news service.
smith’s emergence as the latest voice of automatic sentencing reform in the senate, however, may change the reform movement’s outlook. as chair of the judicial proceedings committee, smith is well-positioned to negotiate a path forward for a pared-down bill.
but the policy disagreements surrounding automatic sentencing have largely not budged.
smith underscores that most teenagers charged as adults in the state eventually see their cases transferred down to juvenile court—79% in 2023 alone, he told his committee on tuesday.
awaiting that transfer, he added, “when someone’s languishing in the adult system, they get none of the services and attention that they would get in the juvenile system.” exposing teenagers to the adult court and prison system, he added, increases their chances of committing more serious crimes in the future.
“based on my 24 years in both juvenile and adult criminal courts, there is a drastic difference in outcomes [between adult and juvenile court] that should be the elephant in the room,” said retired anne arundel county circuit court judge philip caroom, who testified in support of the bill on tuesday.
the additional hearings and administrative costs involved in transferring hundreds of young defendants between the adult and juvenile systems, smith added, cost the department of juvenile services roughly $12.3 million a year. “what if you have $12.3 million to reinvest into services, into oversight?” he asked.
but sen. william folden, a republican representing frederick county and a frequent critic of criminal justice reform bills on the committee, was critical of the department of juvenile services’ ability to properly rehabilitate young people placed in its custody by the court system.
“djs is a mess. djs is a wreck. djs has a secretary that spends money on all these shiny new ideas and documented zero of the outcomes,” he said. “i don’t know if that’s someone that can be entrusted with such an important role in molding youth.”
catharine rosenblatt, deputy chief of the baltimore city state’s attorney’s office juvenile division, echoed those concerns. she told lawmakers that her office regularly sees cases transferred from adult to juvenile court on the pretense that the department of juvenile  services will provide secure housing or behavioral therapy, only for those services never to materialize.
“unfortunately, what we’ve found time and time again is that the services available—they’re in name only,” she said.
but neither rosenblatt nor any other prosecutor who spoke in opposition to the bill on tuesday expressed enthusiasm for the services available to teenages in the adult system. charles county deputy state’s attorney karen piper mitchell, for instance, questioned why therapeutic services aren’t available to teenage defendants tried in adult court, even while arguing against the proposed reforms.
the department of juvenile services is supportive of the proposed reforms, and its legislative director testified in support of smith’s bill, arguing that their agency already serves the substantial share of maryland's teenage defendants charged as adults who eventually transfer to juvenile court.
if lawmakers do finally implement the reforms, baltimore county state’s attorney scott shellenberger asserted that the forecasted savings on court hearings might not materialize if prosecutors opted to request transfers to adult court in most cases, as public defenders do for transfers to juvenile court in most cases.
“i understand that 80% are being transferred down [to juvenile court],” he told cns. “if they all started in juvenile, a vast majority of the state’s attorneys would try to waive many of them up, and i don’t believe it would approach anything near 80% that would be granted.” nevertheless, he said, lawmakers should not assume that the costs of hearing cases in both adult and juvenile jurisdictions would disappear.
the judicial proceedings committee has yet to vote on the bill.






















would you like to subscribe?contact our office:
15207 marlboro pikeupper marlboro, md 20772
tel: 301-627-0900fax: 301-627-6260
advertising inquiries: bboice@pgpost.com
editorial department: pgpost@gmail.com

 
the prince george's post is brought to you by the following staff:
senior editor & publisher:legusta floyd, sr.
general manager & legal advertising manager:brenda boice
legal advertising assistant:robin boerckel
editor:lisa duan
paper delivery:james and betty murphy
web manager:kyler kamp

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


































































































































































































































 




















home | neighbors | community | commentary | business | archives | tax sales








 








