








networks and mobile systems






networks and mobile systems
(under reconstruction)






overview

-

elevator pitch



projects

-
projects




people

-

who are we?



publications

-

nms papers



software

-

software and hardware releases from the nms group



support

-

who sponsors nms?







overview
the nms group at mit's computer science
and artificial intelligence laboratory conducts research in many
areas of networking: wireless networks, internet architecture and
protocols, overlay and peer-to-peer networks, sensor networks, network
security, and networked systems.  the group was formed in 1998.


current projects

datacenter networks and cloud infrastructure

fastpass and flowtune
domino: programmable router data planes
flexplane: whole-network emulation in software for programmability 

mobile and sensor computing

glimpse: a continuous object recognition system

transport protocols and mechanisms

remy (tcp ex machina, computer-synthesized congestion control)
mahimahi (record-and-replay framework for web traffic)



unfortunately, the above list might be a bit out-of-date. the nms papers page has a more
current list of papers.
some past projects
internet architecture, overlay and p2p networks
p2p and overlay networks

chord: a scalable
and robust distributed hash table (dht) enabling key-value lookups.

project iris: a
multi-institution nsf itr collaboration that developed the network and
system infrastructure for resilient internet services using dhts.  our
work included:


dynamic
evolution of p2p systems: the amount of work required to
maintain good connectivity depends on the "half-life" of a p2p system.

 sfr
(semantic-free referencing), a reference (name) resolution service for
linked systems.

doa
(delegation-oriented architecture), an extension to the internet
architecture that accommodates "middleboxes" in an architecturally
coherent way using a new delegation primitive.

dqe (distributed quota enforcement), a spam control system.

speak-up, a defense against application-level ddos attacks.


ron
(resilient overlay networks): improving availability and resilience of
internet paths using application-controlled overlay routing.

monet:
multi-homed overlay network of web proxies to route around network
failures for web applications.


congestion control, traffic engineering

xcp
(explicit congestion control) and texcp: congestion
control for high bandwidth-delay product networks and responsive
traffic engineering.

cm
(congestion manager), an integrated end-to-end congestion management
architecture and congestion
control algorithms for the future internet.

oxygentv:
rate adaptation and error control for mpeg-4 delivery.


internet routing

rcc and correct
internet routing: tools to improve routing correctness and
experimental studies of internet routing and failures.

r-bgp: improving internet routing connectivity.
bgpsep: constructing  correct and scalable ibgp configurations.



network measurement

dns
analysis: trace-based analysis of dns performance and caching.

m&m
tools: multiq and mystery, passive measurement tools suitable
for large scale studies of internet path characteristics

routing
analysis: bgp measurements.


wireless, mobile, and sensor networks

cartel: a mobile
sensor network system developing vehicular network protocols,
software, and services.

cricket: an
accurate indoor location system.  (now commercially available.)

softphy and its applications: using cross-layer confidence information
(softphy) from the physical layer to design better higher-layer
wireless network protocols.
ins is an intentional naming
system for scalable and dynamic resource discovery.  twine aims to make ins scalable to large
networks using peer-to-peer lookups, built on top of chord.
migrate, an end-to-end
architecture for internet host mobility, support for suspend/resume
operations for mobile network applications to handle disconnections,
and server failover. 
harnessing multiple radios and access points

fatvap:
aggregating ap backhaul bandwidth.

horde:
networking software that allows an application to stripe data from
multiple streams across a set of dissimilar wireless network channels.

divert: a
multi-radio, fine-grained path selection system for improving
throughput in wireless lans.

apware:
improving performance and robustness for multi-rate wireless lans.



mariobet

fusion:
mitigating congestion in wireless sensor networks.

bsd (bounded
slowdown), span,
leach and
spin:
energy-efficient protocols for wireless and sensor networks
spectrumware:
new algorithms for radio and wireless physical layers for
implementation on a flexible software platform.  (now commercially
available.)

blueware,
protocols for internetworking with bluetooth.


hacklink satin al: hacklink, 
network security

betpas - restbet - betpas - matbet - jojobet
hacklink satın al
hacklink
ankara escort
betpas
agario
uluslararası evden eve nakliyat

paycell bahis siteleri, kredi kartı bahis siteleri
bursa evden eve nakliyat
atex brake, instagram takipci satin al, valorant random hesap, electric motor
casino siteleri
mudanya evden eve nakliyat
pulibet
perabet 
aip (accountable internet
protocol): self-certifying
internet addresses + new protocols to provide accountability and improve internet security.
kill-bots:
surviving application-layer botnet attacks that mimic flash
crowds.
real-time anomaly
detection: improving network security with real-time scanning
and worm detection.
speak-up,
a defense against application-level ddos attacks using bandwidth as a
"currency".

dqe (distributed quota enforcement), a spam control system.

securing
ssh from address harvesting attacks.

infranet:
circumventing web censorship and surveillance.

robonorm:  efficient and robust tcp stream normalization.


distributed data management, stream processing

medusa:
distributed data stream processing.

hrdb:
database fault-tolerance with heterogeneous replication.


nms homeprojectspeoplepaperssoftwarecsaile e c sm i tm. i. t. computer science and artificial intelligence laboratory · 32 vassar street · cambridge, ma 02139 · usa
 accessibility 






