



bridgewater volunteer fire company - bridgewater | dayton | mt. crawford: fire & rescue












































































☰ navigation
bridgewater volunteer fire company
bridgewater | dayton | mt. crawford:  fire & rescue


home
services

fire and rescue
smoke detectors
community outreach
fire safety


about

our history
memorial
our team
apply
our mission
apparatus
links


calendar

annual lawn party


gallery

photos
videos


news

events
fire safety
weather
call reports
bridgewater lawn party


donate
contact











equipped to serve

january 6, 2013 • 4:15 am • estland_support • leave a comment








fire and rescue services

january 16, 2013 • 1:56 am • estland_support • leave a comment








better equipment = better results

 • 3:04 am • estland_support • leave a comment








serving bridgewater, dayton & mt. crawford

 • 2:21 am • estland_support • leave a comment








join our team…

 • 3:05 am • estland_support • leave a comment








learning leadership, courage, and…

 • 2:55 am • estland_support • leave a comment








“i love serving the community…”

 • 3:06 am • estland_support • leave a comment






















as firefighters, we care for our community and for each other.  in fact, our most deeply-held values are imprinted on coins carried by each member of our company:  tradition, brotherhood, dedication, courage



serving the town of bridgewater

lawn partywednesday-saturday, on the week leading up to the third saturday of the month of july: click here for directions

 smoke detectorsthe bridgewater volunteer fire company will help you properly install your smoke detectors.  call us today at 540-828-2131 and we’ll schedule a visit to your home or business.community outreachthe bridgewater volunteer fire company is here for you. we’re proud of what we do, and would love to show you around.  if you’re a member of a school or civic group and would like a tour of our station. contact us today!fire and rescuethe bridgewater volunteer fire company is a close-knit team of well-trained professionals. our members include certified firefighters, emergency medical technicians (emts) and paramedics.




latest news 




 a view from inside
feel free to drop by and take a personal tour through the ...
read more




 fire escape plans
as firefighters, we know that every second counts when there’s a fire. ...
read more




 make your landscaping fire resistant
our homes are havens for our families, and one of the most ...
read more











testimonials


the fire dept has helped me tremendously. they’re a wonderful group to work with.  they’re very pleasant, very thoughtful of the older people at white birch estates.  read full testimonial…
 pat hughes owner, white birch community









lawn partywednesday-saturday, on the week leading up to the third saturday of the month of july: click here for directions

 




