

scientifically-credible information on vegan and vegetarian diets













 scientifically-credible 
  information on
  vegan and vegetarian diets

     the site deals with 
  the results of my 42 years of research on various vegan, vegetarian, or plant-based 
  diets.
     laurie forti


my book
  


 
tasty tidbits 
      & dastardly dietary dogma
page linking to technical articles


john 
      coleman's rawday rdi spreadsheet
jerry 
      story's free nutritional software 





 e-mail


my resume
news:alt.food.vegan.science
        the only newsgroup for discussing the science of vegan diets.



      given the large number 
  of nutrition- and diet-oriented newsgroups and mailing lists on the internet, 
  and the widespread and embarrassing lack of meaningful, scientifically-credible, 
  or useful information in them, i have created a newsgroup, news:alt.food.vegan.science, 
  to discuss the science of human diets, with the 
  obvious emphasis on vegan and vegetarian ones.
       unlike other vegan or vegetarian newsgroups, there 
  is no yakking about the 'ethical' or 'spiritual' issues or recipes, just the 
  logic and science involved.  if the above news:link does not work, 
  go to your e-mail client's list of newsgroups and subscribe.  [in 
  outlook express, hit ctrl w and enter "vegan" in the search box, highlight 
  alt.food.vegan.science, and hit subscribe.]



  search this site:







 






other useful vegan/vegetarian 
        links



 vegan 
        news links

 


 
 


     legal disclaimer: 
  all users of this site agree to hold its author, associates, provider, server, 
  webgeek, etc. blameless for the consequences of any introductions resulting 
  from the use of this site, or the use, or misuse, or understanding, or misunderstanding, 
  of any information on the site.  we are only providing information given 
  to the site by its users, and thus are not responsible for the results of any 
  use, or misuse, of this information, nor can we be responsible for the behavior 
  of users of this site.  
       dietary information is for educational purposes 
  only, and is not intended to be medical diagnosis, advice, or treatment.  the 
  author of this site believes that all 'medical systems' are hoaxes and are based 
  on profound ignorance of healthy human lifestyle.
        use of this site is permitted only 
  by full and unreserved acceptance of these terms. 
 
google-site-verification: googlebdc3e69f601e6943.html
 
