










best of cabo rojo puerto rico - 2025 - best things to do, beaches, attractions



































































san juan
culebra
 













 















puerto rico
home
beaches

beaches – cabo rojo
best beaches – west coast
best beaches – south coast


to do & places to visit

top experiences
things to do – cabo rojo
la parguera cays
la parguera bioluminescent bay
things to do – west coast
things to do – south coast
guanica


stay

cabo rojo – places to stay
places to stay – west coast


travel

puerto rico airports
travel guide
puerto rico vacation spots
weather guide
about puerto rico


 






select page



  










welcome to cabo rojo, puerto rico – visiting guide 2025 the most beloved beach town on the island







puerto rico ⎮ cabo rojo



cabo rojo is a municipality of puerto rico situated on the southwest corner of the island; about 1.45 minutes from the capital city of san juan.  ask any puerto rican about cabo rojo and watch their response… it is certainly a very special town in puerto rico, we invite you to come and visit to see what makes it so special.  cabo rojo is home to the most beautiful wildlife reserve in puerto rico, giving residents and visitors various places to escape from the hustle and bustle to enjoy a variety of activities while connecting with nature.



cabo rojo offers great beaches, countless local family-owned restaurants with fresh seafood served daily, golf, excellent tarpon and deep-sea fishing, a natural reserve, and the most scenic hike on the island.  the “pueblo of cabo rojo” (center town) is a colorful, lively, and inviting place that has retained a very traditional feel.  at the center of the town, you can visit the active plaza (square), where friends gather to play dominoes, have a cup of coffee, and have dinner al fresco to the sounds of salsa, old ballads, and jazz.  caborrojeños (locals) are warm, friendly, and helpful, you’ll feel right at home here.























basic facts about cabo rojo, puerto rico

the original name of cabo rojo was los cabos rojos, tierras de los morillos.
cabo rojo is known as “el pueblo de cofresí”.
cabo rojo was founded in 1771 by nicolás ramírez de arellano who was also cabo rojo’s first mayor.
mayor of cabo rojo:  honorable jorge morales wiscovitch
slogan: capital of tourism
population: about 47,000 residents
locals are known as caborrojeños
currency: u.s. dollars.
language: spanish is the preferred language but most locals around tourist areas speak english.
temperature: average of 79-82 f.
electric: current is 110 volts ac, same as the united states.
tourism information office: muñoz rivera street, ruiz rivera #43, la campana building tel. (787) 255-1560



























































































 





 
 
 





cabo rojo visitor’s guide

cabo rojo beaches
cabo rojo things to do
cabo rojo places to stay
puerto rico west coast things to do
puerto rico west coast beaches
la parguera bioluminescent bay





© 2024 | cabo rojo puerto ricoall rights reserved | contact usprivacy policy | by using this site you agree to the terms of service



 


 
















