




 


massachusetts beach buggy association - home



 





log in












 


since 1950












home




about us



at work




history




officers & directors




president's welcome




mission statement







events




donate




contact












join the mbba
mbba membership

if you are interested in joining or renewing your mbba membership, please click belowjoin us














 







aboutmassachusetts beach buggy association
the mbba is a family-oriented group that enjoys beach access and promotes conservation. the organization is managed by an executive board consisting of 7 elected officers and 13 appointed directors. the board meets once a month september through june and the agendas include discussions and actions on issues that need attention for the beaches our members access.  we also work in conjunction with beach management on many concerns and issues that may occur on their beaches throughout the year.
today we are challenged with beach closures due to endangered shorebird species. we are involved with developing and implementing new programs in cooperation with local, state, and federal officials including educating beach users, allowing us to coexist with the endangered species and balance access with protection. 




what we doduring the spring months, and occasionally in the fall, we volunteer our vehicles and manpower to help the beach managers do whatever work needs to be done at the time, whether it be beach cleanups, pick up any debris deposited by mother nature’s storms and/or irresponsible people, or dune restoration projects.
read more...



upcoming events



duxbury beach spring project

sat, march 22, 2025 9:00 am
•
duxybury beach



plymouth beach project

sun, march 23, 2025 9:00 am
•
plymouth beach



duxbury beach pallet installation

sat, march 29, 2025 9:00 am
•
duxbury beach



































massachusetts beach buggy association

po box 533
mansfield, ma 02048mbbamembersecretary@gmail.com




© 2024 massachusetts beach buggy association. all rights reserved.





powered by wild apricot membership software









