





customweld – the most respected welded aluminum jet boats manufactured in the lewiston / clarkston valley
























































 



skip to content












 

home

recreational boats



view all recreational boats26′-44′ twin series22’-24’ whitewater special23’ + custom series21’-22’ storm20’-23’ shallow water20’ cobra20’ bush20’-22’-24’-26’ bush whitewater19’ pro 6061 – 9 stringer systemx-caliber – tunnel hull design19’ viper seriesoutboards



view all outboards18’-26’ bush outboardshallow water outboard18’ – 32’ custom outboardsram drop nose – 18’ – 44’ jet or outboardcommercial & government boats

signature options

hull construction

dealers



locate a custom weld dealer near younew dealer opportunitiesabout custom weld



custom weld craftsmanship & qualityemployment opportunitieswarrantymanufacturing process 






 

facebookxinstagramyoutube 















homekim2024-06-24t22:25:46+00:00 
#teamcustomweldunconditional quality
custom weld boats are the most respected welded aluminum jet boats manufactured in the lewiston / clarkston valley – “the jet boat capital of the world”.  located at the northern entrance to the snake river hells canyon recreation area in western idaho, custom weld boats have proven to be the boat of choice by many of the commercial outfitters. thousands of private boaters with uncountable hours of boating experience consistently choose the custom weld boat over similar welded aluminum boats. these custom weld boat owners are well aware that all welded aluminum boats are not the same.

more...
custom weld is committed to unconditional quality throughout the construction of every boat. each boat is handcrafted by an expert staff of welders, riggers, finishers, upholsterers and detailers who take a great deal of pride in the performance and appearance of the finished product. one needs only to look at the fit and finish of a custom weld boat to recognize the value that quality conscious craftsmen contribute to custom weld boats. that value will remain with the boat, making it worth much more than comparable boats of equal size in future years.
of course all the craftsmanship in the world would be of no value without quality materials to work with. that’s why custom weld uses only the finest quality fixtures and materials available. stainless steel fasteners, hinges and quality marine grade vinyl and carpet are used to cover our lifetime warranted pressure treated floors. only the very best vinyl and top materials with handcrafted stainless steel or aluminum support bows are used in the production of our in-house completely towable boat tops.
one piece bottoms of 5086 alloy marine aluminum, one piece side and gunwale with laps for additional strength, a full-length delta performance pad pressed into the bottom of the viper and cobra models and the exclusive custom weld radius bottom and radius intake incorporated into the construction of the storm and custom series boats are but another few examples of the quality and engineering that go into each custom weld boat.
passionperformancequalityrecreational boatsfishing ~ family ~ funview allit’s a lifestyle…commercial / government boatsif you want the best, use the best – a custom weld boat.view all



 
 





email          |          208-750-1313 or 800-504-0458          |          711 snake river ave., lewiston, id 83501 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2021 custom weld boats. all rights reserved. all specifications subject to change.  | designed by surf's up internet marketing 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link






















































































go to top




