








home - red x | the store to explore




























































careersshopads & dealsred x rewardseventsabouthealth & safetycareersclara’s delired x careswhiskey insidercontacthoursdeliverydonation request




 










 












 






get super deals, savings and special promotions

first namelast nameemail


  















grocery shop online
schedule a pickup day & timewe'll load the order in your carour weekly adsee sales & couponsthe largest liquor & grocery store
just 10 minutes from downtown & the river market
find everything you need and the best prices on liquor and groceries, plus a few surprises along the way.get directionswe’re hiringred x is as committed to our employees as we are serving the community. if you’re looking for a job with great benefits and a family environment, join us. apply online or pick up an application at the lottery counter.  apply nowthe god of wine smiles upon youshop the largest selection of liquor and domestic and imported wines in the kansas city area. discover a new favorite. stock up on top shelf bottles at rock bottom prices. and, don’t mind that gigantic statue. that’s just bacchus, the god of wine.
check the events page for future wine & spirits tasting event dates.  the store to explore &discover for 70 years

three generations of red x owners have welcomed customers with open arms. for 70 years, we’ve provided jobs for our family of employees and a place for your grandparents, parents, and you to get the value and service you deserve. 
our historyon military mondays, senior tuesdays and other days throughout the year, red x is dedicated to those who serve our community, including the riverside police department that supports special olympics.more info




 shop
ads & deals
events
about
contact
careers

2101 nw platte road riverside, mo 64150 816-741-3377privacy policycoupon policy©2024 riverside red x. all rights reserved.

shopads & dealsred x rewardseventsabouthealth & safetycareersclara’s delired x careswhiskey insidercontacthoursdeliverydonation request
 
 























