


mi vida loca: welcome to my crazy life





















neko









or... the misadventures of me. kids, kin, cars, careers, love, pain and the whole damn thing








saturday, june 30, 2007



	 
	 this chapter is closed...
	 
    


i have decided that i will no longer update this blog.why, you ask?because it's time for a change. blogger has been very good to me, but i wanted to try another blogging client. so, as of june 30th, you can read of my further misadventures at my new blog. same stuff, different address, slightly different title.there will be all the stuff over there that there is here-- stef's horrorscope, my unique outlook on life, pictures, observations, complaints, etc.there's just too much here. after all, i've kept this blog for four years. there are just some things that i'd like to keep in the past, and since i can't delete the first two years without deleting the whole thing, i've decided to just start over elsewhere.my writing blog and my fms blog will still be on blogger, but this one is "movin' on up".the new addy will be http://stefscrazylife.wordpress.com/.come on by for a visit soon, and don't forget to update your blogrolls.that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: forever and ever amen



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 12:00 am







monday, june 25, 2007



	 
	 now i know what dad went thru... even if it is only temporary
	 
    


last night, i discovered that i can barely hear out of my left ear.i must have some kind of (ewww) wax build-up that i need to address in a hurry. in my math class today, i thought kalea was asking me to spell "chinese food", instead of her saying she smelled chinese food...it's driving me nuts.my dad was deaf in one ear due to a jeep accident after wwii which ruptured his eardrum. now i kind of know what he went thru during the last half of his life.and it's a little late to commiserate, now, isn't it?guess i'll have to take advantage of the "family discount" and have dean check my ear and remove any wax that may be in there. i kinda need to hear, don't i?that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--crossposted herelabels: family, friends, school



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 12:14 pm







thursday, june 21, 2007



	 
	 the times they are a-changin'
	 
    


i'm going to start a whole new chapter of my blogging adventures in about 10 days time.i'm going to retire mvl.i've started a new blog over on wordpress.com. i've been posting to it for about two weeks, independant of this blog in anticipation of the move.i just thought it was time for change. mvl chronicled my first four years in oklahoma and the disaster that was the three months i spent in wyoming last summer. i wanted a fresh start.some of you i've already told about the new blog, the rest i'll either email or leave a final post here directing you to the new home of my crazy life. similar title, same life, new location on the web.circle july 1st on your calendar apps... that's when the big change will happen. kinda like daylight savings time, except i won't "fall back".that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: announcements, changes



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 9:27 pm







tuesday, june 19, 2007



	 
	 the walk home is going to be brutal today
	 
    


...or so say the weather prognosticators on the local news.all it means to me is that i'm going to be sweating and exhausted.i'm almost missing the rain. :pi need a nice surprise today. like my financial aid to come in the mail, or for someone to come over and visit.or for someone to fix my car and the money to do the same.i know, i know... wishful thinking on my part.better get on to class...that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: hot and humid, nice surprises, school, weather



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 8:50 am







monday, june 18, 2007



	 
	 i am this grrl
	 
    


(to go with the nice guy post from june 9th)i'm the girl who will put her head on your shoulder, not because i'm sleepy, but because i want to be closer to you...i'm the girl who likes to be kissed in the rain, more than in an expensive resturant...i'm the girl who says, "okay, but you owe me..." jokingly. not because i actually want something, but because it means i get to spend more time with you and i care...i'm the girl you can take absolutely anywhere and i will have fun because it means i am spending time with you...i'm the girl who is incredibly picky, but when i find someone i like i want to spend the whole night curled up in their arms...i'm the girl who never forgets all the sweet little things you do for me...i'm the girl who once i let you into my heart, there's always a place there with your name on it. and even if we spend time apart, i'm the girl who never forgets you..i'm the girl who loves to end a hug with a kiss..i'm the girl who you can talk to about anything..i'm the girl who laughs at your jokes...i'm the girl who will brag about you to all of my friends...i'm the girl who will listen to you talk...i'm the girl who loves it when you hug me for no apparent reason...i'm the girl who loves it when you hug me from behind or kiss me on the cheek...i'm the girl who loves the feeling when you take me by the hand without saying a word...i'm the girl who loves you for you, and doesn't care what other people say about us...=====another bulletin from myspace...that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: lessons of life



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 1:54 pm










	 
	 i'm awake...
	 
    


i let a bad dream wake me up.there's something i've been concerned about for a few weeks now. that's what the bad dream was about.i should just go back to bed until the alarm goes off in two hours.yeah, riiiiight....hope all the dads out there had a great father's day.father's day is one of the two days that i really miss my dad. the other one is next month, july 18... that was my dad's birthday.that's a month from today.i think i'll go back to bed now.that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: dreams, nightmares and dreamscapes, sleep



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 6:05 am







friday, june 15, 2007



	 
	 welcome home 1345th!!!
	 
    


greeting the troops as they ride by.this is the national guard unit from oklahoma. they're all kids, like daniel and jeff's age. and quite a few females were part of the group. after the parade, the families of the soldiers were meeting at del city high school.there are several other pictures that i took with the trusty camera phone, but blogger photos isn't cooperating, so i'll find some other way to post them. but i had to post those two above. i got all choked up as i saw people go up to the three buses and shake the hands of the soldiers on board. hopefully, they won't have to go back for a while. welcome home one and all!that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: people places and things around town



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 8:18 pm










	 
	 friday flashback for 15 june 07
	 
    


for father's day, my sister and i would get dad some pretty, um, interesting gifts.one year, tori gave dad an ashtray, despite the fact that dad had quit smoking years before. of course, there was always the compliment of ties and tie-tacks and socks. we even tried the breakfast in bed thing, but dad never liked to eat in bed, so he'd get up and come to the table in the kitchen to eat.we sure could have used those gift cards that are so popular now back then. then dad could've gotten something he really needed. but he always appreciated everything we gave him, and probably kept everything until the day he died. dad was a packrat that way.my dad was a sentimental man. and on this father's day, just like the ones over the past seven years, i will think of him and be a little sad.miss you, dad.that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: dash, friday flashback, memes



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 12:56 pm







thursday, june 14, 2007



	 
	 i made the rsc vp's honor roll!!!
	 
    


now, don't go saying you knew it all along, that i'm a smart cookie, etc., etc., etc.because this is a big freakin' deal to me! because for this former underachieving (according to some) student, it means a lot. i wasn't always the best student who ever graced a campus (anywhere), and it concerned me greatly that i would fall flat on my face academically.this proves that i didn't.and, yes, i will post all the certificates i get for making the honor roll.it's all been worth it: the walking in the snow and ice, the troubles with babydoll, the late nights i spent losing sleep because i was worried about a test, the lack of sleep in general. and, this laptop was the best investment in my education i could have ever made with the limited funds i had.i'd like to thank the academy...okay, okay... even i know when to stop.that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: and the whole damn thing, car probs, cars, i made the freakin honor roll, school, slipping and falling gracefully, worrying about school



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 4:15 pm










	 
	 welcome all to my disciplined breakdown
	 
    


(because if i'm going to go looney tunes, i'm going to do it my way, dammit!)before you even ask, larry, my week sucked.if daniel and his smashed up thumb wasn't enough, i had to stay home from school on tuesday because of some stomach bug. and, because it was raining cats and dogs and chickens and goats when i attempted to walk to school today, i ended up staying home again. i can't miss any more school, so i have to get my transportation issues taken care of, like yesterday.and there's an issue with the internet service i have from cox in my neighborhood, so the connection has been iffy since last night. to finish my homework last night, i ended up on someone's wireless signal. cox assures me that the issues should be resolved by this afternoon.now, i'm at the library, on my laptop, typing away. oh. joy.here is my view from the library: this is s.e. 15th street in del city. off to the right somewhere is the baseball field at del city high school.and this is the library's view of yours truly:stef being her usual smartass self.right now, as i type this, it's raining again. it's raining hard. i might be here a while.this just hasn't been my week. maybe next week will be better. it certainly can't get any worse, can it? (wait! don't answer that! you'll jinx me!)hope your week off was better than mine. see ya soon, cowboy!that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: and that's just the way it is, car probs, daniel, family, friends, number 1 son, school, weather



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 12:33 pm










	 
	 stef's horrorscope: the "i've got to get the car fixed or find alternate transportation because i can't miss any more school" edition
	 
    


aquarius (1/20-2/18)if something is broken, you need to fix it right away and then get on with your life. the path you're on right now has a few distractions and pitfalls, so you don't have time to waste on trying to figure out the best way to improve a less-than-perfect situation. fast action is required. so have whatever tools you may need at the ready. you need to concentrate on forward motion in your life -- there's no time for backward glances.=====i am so frustrated right now, i can't even put it into words.that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: dash, stef's horrorscope



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 9:07 am







wednesday, june 13, 2007



	 
	 stef's horrorscope: the "the prof didn't show" edition
	 
    


aquarius (1/20-2/18)memories of your last sizzling rendezvous will be brought to mind when you witness a private moment between two people. be your usual discreet self, and move along without blowing their cover. your gift for discretion will be valuable in many situations today. a powerful person has been looking for a confidante, and you will demonstrate that you are a person who can be trusted. this could open the door to a major career opportunity.that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: dash, stef's horrorscope



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 10:36 am







tuesday, june 12, 2007



	 
	 maybe it was something i ate?
	 
    


i'm sure you don't want to read about how i spend all of last night in the bathroom. it's the reason i am still at home instead of at school, where i am currently missing a math test.just what was in that kfc that i had at mom's last night, anyway?nor do you want to hear about my phone conversation with saon at 1am where he told me that he was hospitalized for two days last week because he was stressed about everything. and, being the big guy he is, and his family history of depression and heart disease, maybe he needs to get out of the big easy for a while. that's the gist of the conversation.nor do you want to hear about how damn hot it is here in oklahoma city. yesterday, it was 95; last year on yesterday's date it was 100. big whoop. hot and humid is still hot and humid.so, since i really have nothing to say, i better go. kfc doesn't taste as good when it comes up than it did when it goes down, if you get my drift.that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: being sick, hot and humid, school, weather



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 9:10 am







monday, june 11, 2007



	 
	 the post wherein stef talks about the comedy of errors her weekend turned out to be
	 
    


or, "how an innocent trip to the redhawks game went horribly wrong".granted, it didn't go horribly wrong until after we got home, but still and all, it was quite an interesting weekend.dean had won an auction at marc and amalia's school for a block of tickets, in a box, no less, so all ten of us in the family, plus people that work for the medical group that dean practises with to the oklahoma redhawks game last saturday night.we were in a corporate box, where food and snacks and sodas were provided, and we watched the redhawks get beat by the round rock express (the redhawks left their pitcher in much too long, imho, and he got tired). it was pretty fun, even if dean, scott and marc left in the third inning to meet up with a group of boy scouts to go camping in colorado.scott got his learners permit, and he has this habit of not smiling in pictures (he got it from jeff), and he looks more and more like his father every year. it's almost scary.he's also getting a job this summer, so he's one of the throng of teenagers looking for work, but not until after he gets back from colorado next sunday (father's day).it took us forever to get out of bricktown after the game, and daniel took me, jeff and mom home to mom's house, and he went to tori's because she had to go pick up dean's yukon from wherever it was parked. when daniel got to tori's, he somehow slammed the car door on his thumb, and the nail was getting black. tori didn't think it was broken, but it hurt like hell.daniel ended up calling in to work, explaining that he may have broken his thumb and was going to have it looked at. then he went back to my sister's to get his medical insurance papers. on the way there, he lost control of his car because his thumb was swollen by this time, and hit another car.he eventually got to tori's and she took him to the emergency room, where he found out that his thumb was not broken, and that his insurance only covered injuries suffered at work. the er doc poked a small hole in daniel's thumbnail to let the blood collected behind the nail drain out (which is why it was so sore and swollen). he was given a prescription for pain meds, and took one at tori's and fell asleep.meanwhile, i had no way to get back to my apartment, so mom said i could borrow the van if i stayed over, then drive back to my apartment to take a shower, change my clothes (because i was still wearing the clothes i'd worn to the ball game), and go to school. i have to return the van this afternoon, and daniel, hopefully, will take me home this evening so i can go to school on tuesday.i have a test in math, so i have to be there.so, that was my comedy of errors weekend. i should have read my horrorscope first, ya think?miss you cowboythat's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: and fun stuff like that, daniel, family, jeff, marc, number 1 son, number 2 son, number 3 son, number 4 son, scott



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 12:21 pm







saturday, june 09, 2007



	 
	 to all the nice guys left
	 
    


to every guy that's said, "sex can wait."to every guy that's said, "you're beautiful."to every guy that was never too busy to drive across town (or across the state) to see her.to every guy that gives flowers and a card when she is sick.to every guy who has given her flowers just because.to every guy that said he would die for her.to every guy that really would.to every guy that did what she wanted to do.to every guy that cried in front of her.to every guy that she cried in front of.to every guy that holds hands with her.to every guy that kisses her with meaning.to every guy that hugs her when she's sad.to every guy that hugs her for no reason at all.to every guy who would give their jacket up for her.to every guy that calls to make sure she got home safe.to every guy that would sit and wait for her for hours just to see her for ten minutesto every guy that would give his seat up.to every guy that just wants to cuddle.to every guy that reassured her that she was beautiful no matter what.to every guy who told his secrets to her.to every guy that tried to show how much he cared through every word and every breath.to every guy that thought maybe this could be the one.to every guy that believed in her dreams.to every guy that would have done anything so she could achieve them.to every guy that never laughed at her when she told him her dreams.to every guy that walked her to her car.to every guy that wasn't just trying to get laid.to every guy that gave his heart.to every guy who prays that she is happy even if you are not with her....this is for you...not many girls appreciate nice guys anymore... and because of this, there are not many left out there...=====i appreciate a nice guy.i got this from a myspace bulletin. instead of passing it on to the 170 + friends i have there, i thought i'd post it here for all to enjoy.that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: lessons of life



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 2:32 pm







friday, june 08, 2007



	 
	 dari's friday flashback
	 
    


my sister and i were invited to many birthday parties when we were little kids, mostly for other kids in the neighborhood. this one stands out...it was for john, the boy who lived on the corner. he was my age, and his sister, susan, was a year older.as usual, mom had us dress up in nice clothes for the party, not realizing (or not being told) that the party was in the local public park. so, there tori and i stood, in our nice party clothes, not being able to do anything for fear of getting our clothes dirty. we were able to play the party games, such as pin the tail on the donkey, but when it came time for the racing games, or the playground games, we were just out of luck. if i had thought about it enough, i would have felt stupid, but when you're a 7 or 8 year old, you just haven't lived long enough to be embarrassed. i think it was our mom who was embarrassed more than tori and i could ever be at that age.if you want to participate in friday flashback, click the banner at the top of this post.that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: dash, friday flashback



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 12:24 pm







wednesday, june 06, 2007



	 
	 my two year quest is almost over! yay!!!
	 
    


what quest is that, you ask... why it's the quest to get my name changed on my damn social security card, of course.(the okc social security office at sheppard mall. i hate this place!)this was the fourth time i've tried to do this. the first time, i didn't have my name change papers with me.the second time, i had the name change papers, but they weren't certified copies.the third time was last summer when i was still in wyoming, and despite the fact that there was a social security office in the town where i lived, i was told that i had to go to cheyenne to do that! with no car, i couldn't do that.today, i was told that i needed to produce a picture id with my former married name on it. of course, i don't carry it with me, so i didn't have it. why didn't anyone tell me this the previous three times i tried to do this?so, to preclude a fifth trip there, i am being allowed to mail in my old oklahoma driver's license, where they will copy it, and send it back to me with a receipt.barring any last minute crap (like if they want to see my marriage license, which jon still has), i should have my new card about 7 days after they receive my id in the mail.i got there at about 3:15pm. the office closes at 4pm. the guard locks the door and puts up a sign that says "closed"... this guy didn't seem to grasp the concept of "we're closed"...(it was about 4:05pm at the time this guy showed up. after i took this picture, he actually knocked on the door! )and he wasn't the only one. about 10 people showed up in the time since i left and sat on a nearby bench waiting for daniel to come back from wherever he went because he didn't want to wait with me (and i don't blame him. sheppard mall is a rather depressing place).then it was back home to do homework. oh. joy.that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: daniel, frustrations, number 1 son, people places and things around town, weird stuff that only happens to me, what does stupid getcha



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 11:59 pm










	 
	 waiting on daniel time
	 
    


i'm going up to the social security office at shepard mall this afternoon, and daniel is picking me up from school. he always does everything on his time, so now, i'm on daniel time waiting for him.let's see if he gets here before too long.in other news... while waiting for him to call me (because he was out when i called him), i was waiting outside the admin building here on campus and two things happened: one, i was sitting on a wall when i felt something wet on my backside. turns out i was sitting on a sprinkler that had gone off shortly before i arrived there. now i have a wet spot on my butt. two, when i realized i was sitting on the sprinkler, i hopped off the wall and heard something crunch under my shoe. i looked down and saw that i had stepped on a small frog, and said frog was now deceased. it didn't have a chance.and this right after watching the first twenty minutes of "saving private ryan" in music video production, just to check out the editing... now i know why i never saw it... it's a little too realistic for me.better go out and see if daniel has arrived...that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: daniel, number 1 son, school, weird stuff that only happens to me



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 2:16 pm







tuesday, june 05, 2007



	 
	 stef's horrorscope: the "yes, larry, i'm a spy" edition
	 
    


re: title-- guess you had to be there...lolaquarius (1/20-2/18) you have much more power than you think you do -- just with positive thinking, you can create a good day today, no matter how the morning starts. it's important that you not let how you feel when you wake up dictate how you feel throughout your day. the day's events are not set in stone. as each minute ticks by, you can take it and make it what you want it to be. your brilliance is apparent when you turn a cloudy day into a sunshiny one.that's all from where i sit.--morelaterz--labels: dash, friends, inside jokes, stef's horrorscope



my name is stef, and i approve this post. posted @ 5:11 pm












about me

name:  stef 
location:  oklahoma city metro area, oklahoma, united states 
it's just me, being me, and everything that being me entails...my life. my way. any questions?
view my complete profile
mvl's unofficial theme song


vote for me!







follow cowgrrl2007 at http://twitter.com










previous posts

this chapter is closed...
now i know what dad went thru... even if it is onl...
the times they are a-changin'
the walk home is going to be brutal today
i am this grrl
i'm awake...
welcome home 1345th!!!
friday flashback for 15 june 07
i made the rsc vp's honor roll!!!
welcome all to my disciplined breakdown

archives

may 2003
june 2003
july 2003
august 2003
september 2003
october 2003
november 2003
december 2003
january 2004
february 2004
march 2004
april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007




what say you? live chat room now open! 


check me out!






hurricane katrina relief
american red cross
salvation army
habitat for humanity
mercy corps


who's lookin'




who's lookin' right now:







link this!


froogle wish list
the current imood of tank's grrl is
right now, the temperature is:                       

google news
 my 43things. what are yours?
 my birthday is the same day as theirs!
write here, write now: the writings of the rebel redhead
blogger
the ageless project
who links here?





















click here or here. you know you want to.


~*~~*~*~~*~
terror alert level
 
disclaimer
enjoy your stay, and make sure your seatbelt is securely fastenend and keep all body parts in the vehicle at all times. gotta jump...see yaz!
~*~~*~*~~*~

be yourself. everyone else is taken.



www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing public photos from ms. stef. make your own badge here.





~*~~*~*~~*~
interesting tidbits

free scott speicher u.s. navy pilot shot down over iraq in 1991, during operation desert storm. it is now believed that he is alive and being held prisoner in iraq. join the effort to help bring captain speicher home!
intuit design incredibly talented in many facets of art and music. go see what he's capable of doing for you and/or your business.
american broadcasting school the number one way of entering broadcasting. training broadcast professionals since 1970. click on the link for more information about starting a broadcasting career!
~*~~*~*~~*~
on the reading list

intimate enemies: the two worlds of the baroness de pontalba --christina vella
treasure of khan --clive cussler with dirk cussler
i know why the caged bird sings --maya angelou
reign in hell --william diehl
~*~~*~*~~*~
in the cd player

stand still, look pretty --the wreckers
love, pain and the whole crazy thing --keith urban
photographs and memories --jim croce

~*~~*~*~~*~
on the tube

 extreme makeover: home edition --sundays, 8pm et, abc
 crossing jordan --wednesdays, 9pm et, nbc
 heroes --mondays, 9pm et, nbc
 medium --wednesdays, 10pm et, nbc
 my name is earl --thursdays, 8pm et, nbc
the o'reilly factor --weeknights, 8pm et, fox news channel (fnc)

some blogs of note...
(blogs with >> << have been updated during the previous 12 hours)

blogroll me!

news
sports
weather


mi vida loca, over and over/ destiny turns on a dime/ i go where the wind blows/ can't tame a wild rose/ welcome to my crazy life

my blogger code: b9 d- t k+ s+ u-- f i- o+ x-- e l c- (decode it!)




 word of the day



website content
provided by the free dictionary





today's birthday



website content
provided by the free dictionary





in the news



website content
provided by the free dictionary





quotation of the day



website content
provided by the free dictionary











visitors since 5/28/03



 


disclaimer notice
all posts on mi vida loca are the opinions of the author and does not reflect the views or policies of blogger, haloscan, my isp or any of the websites/blogs listed on this site. all comments left regarding posts are at the discretion of the author, who has the right to edit or remove any and all comments she deems offensive or inappropriate. third party items are credited and their copyright applies. copyright infringements are swiftly and severely dealt with.  content ©2003-2007, all rights reserved. for further information, please see the disclaimer. thank you.








 «    bloggers over forty     + ?  » 

« < ? * > »
<< # womenbloggers ? >>



<
?
redhead blogs
#
>

<
+
blogdaddys_redheads
#
>
i'd rather be hated for who i am, than loved for who i am not. --attributed to kurt cobain (1967-1994)








adopt your own virtual pet!




