







free stuff and freebies for the uk | 4freeuk

























free stuff, free samples and freebies for the uk




home
earn news
save news
win news
vouchers






welcome


4freeuk has been publishing the latest and greatest free stuff, free samples and freebies available in the uk for over twenty years..




latest free stuff

 free triple chocolate fudgy browniesunlock your claim link and get a pack of genius triple chocolate fudgy brownies from your local tesco. just upload your receipt to receive your money back. promotion offers up to £3.25 reimbursement, paid as cashback. get freebie free felix sampleslet your cat try out the irresistible taste of felix. simply fill in your details and they will deliver your felix as good as it looks chicken in jelly sample directly to your door. get freebie fanta freebiesplay the fanta spin the bottle game and you can win some of the 25,767 drinks vouchers and £30 restaurant gift cards that are up for grabs. get freebie free multi seeded breadunlock your claim link to get a genius multi seeded farmhouse loaf at your local sainsburys. simply upload the receipt to get your money back. get freebie free chocomel hot chocolatechocomel are giving away 7,500 750ml cartons of their hot chocolate milk. these delicious drinks are the perfect winter warmer, so grab yours and make the most of a smooth and warming drink. simply claim your coupon now and then activate when you are about to use in your local tesco or sainsburys. offer ends 31st march. get freebie free f1 manager 2024epic games are offering the f1 manager 2024 game for the pc for free between february 13th and 20th 2025. this game has positive ratings and is currently £29.99 on steam. it is the most comprehensive f1 management experience to date. build a legacy with one of 10 official f1 constructors or create your own team for the very first time. get freebie free kitchen joy packkitchen joy make next level noodles and authentic thai curries that are ready in minutes. you can get a voucher that will enable you to claim your pack of kitchen joy at tesco. do not activate your voucher until you are ready to get your pack in tesco. get freebie free tickets to the ideal home show 2025claim weekday tickets to the ideal home show 2025 held at olympia in london between friday 21st march and sunday 6th april 2025. make sure you use code ihso2p to qualify for the free tickets. get freebie free national trust family day passesinyourarea have 50,000 national trust family day passes worth £50 to give away and you will find out straight away if you have been successful. closing date is tuesday, january 28, 2025 (or until all passes have been claimed). get freebie free pork puffsapply to unlock your claim link and get your money back when you get a pack of either the curators salted or smoky bacon pork puffs from tesco, sainsburys, waitrose or asda. get freebie free sanex moisturising shower gelsanex is giving out 56,000 50ml samples of their expert skin health moisturising shower gel, a soothing gel that is perfect for keeping your skin healthy and hydrated. get freebie free mini ramenitsu are giving away warming mini-pot ramens in birmingham and manchester. get a warming mini-pot full of flavours, plus, the first 100 people at each location will get a ramen kit to take home. the itsu van will be in birmingham new street on 23rd january, birmingham high street on the 24th, manchester market street on 25th and manchester trafford centre on 26th january. get freebie free big brew 2025 packtransform trade are giving out big brew organising packs, so you can help promote a fairer trade system by organising a charity fundraising day easily. big brew 2025 is an opportunity to bring your community together with some delicious tea, coffee and cake, and stand up for a fairer trade system together. get freebie free grow with it seeds and welcome packclaim a grow with it welcome pack of free seeds from the rhs and get growing, one small space at a time. simply register your details to receive the welcome pack, a monthly newsletter, access to digital resources and online events. welcome packs are available while stocks last. get freebie free can of huelget your claim link before you grab a can of huel a-z vitamins drink from your local tesco express and you can claim your money back by simply uploading your receipt. get freebie



top free stuff


free vegan starter kitconsidering eating less meat ? get this free vegan starter kit, packed full of recipes, dietary information, tips on making the switch, and much more.free lego clubsign your children up for the lego club, and they will get a totally free subscription to the lego club magazine.free persil dosing deviceorder a free persil dosing device. you can choose between a free dosing ball or scoop.peas recipe bookletpeas are packed full of vital vitamin c, find out the best way to prepare them with the free yes peas recipe booklet. free sample of colour catchercolour catcher acts like a magnet that protects your clothes from the dirt and loose dyes that bleed into your laundry. free meal boxsimply join the leon lovers club and receive a voucher for a free meal box.free samples of waterproofingtake part in the nixwax web quiz and you could get free 100ml sample of nikwax tx.free crêpescrêpes are thin french pancakes with savoury or sweet fillings, claim a voucher for a totally free crêpe at crêpeaffaire.free first aid guidethis free pocket sized guide gives essential first aid advice, covering five common conditions where straightforward first aid could be the difference between a life lost and a life saved.free colouring for kidsaccess over 1000 free colouring pages at crayola, there are new pages added every month.free maths cardclaim a compact credit-card sized information sheet that opens to reveal an incredible amount of maths formulae (roughly a4 in size).free tena men sampletena men offers protection for bladder weakness. you can try it for yourself with a free sample pack, mailed to you in a discreet plain package.free tena lightsample a product from the tena range of lights. just fill in your details and tena will send you a free trial product.free almond milktesco are currently selling almond breeze milk for a pound, so use this coupon and you can pick up a carton free of charge.free drinkcelebrate with a free drink on the house at marstons taverns, claim your voucher now.free tree packscreate a lasting legacy for your school or neighbourhood by planting a free pack of trees from the woodland trust.kids diy classes for freeb&q are running diy kids workshops that are not only fun but give you the chance to make something together, with more than 15 workshops to choose from there is something for everyone. free wifi hotspotso2 are now allowing everyone to use their wifi hotspots, for free! you just need to register online in order to obtain access to all the hotspots.





x
free 4freeuk newsletter











simply enter your email address and click on submit to receive our free newsletter each week.


email




submit












x
free 4freeuk newsletter



thousands of people find out about the latest free stuff before anyone else by receiving our free newsletter every week.
make sure you join them by simply entering your email below and clicking yes.



email






 yes, and take me to the offer

 no, just take me to the offer












        © 2000-2025 4freeuk |  privacy policy





