




  













home - hep-c alert




























































 







































 









home

about us
contact us
disclaimer
new version


the virus
the issue

facts
global statistics
us statistics


the prevention

basics
predispositions
specialists advice
us programs
testing


the treatment

discoveries
home remedies
symptoms


 







 












welcome to
hep-c alert

hep-c alert is a group of citizens living in the usa who have been cured of the hepatitis c virus. our main goal is to make people aware of the disease and the dangers posed and the steps that are being taken to prevent its spreading. 
							view more info 
							
nam et velit maximus, malesuada sem eu, auctor purus. mauris ornare ac urna vitae auctor. phasellus posuere neque id ex dictum finibus. 
							 


all you need to know
about the virus
view more info 
							a lot of research is currently going on about the origin of the hepatitis c virus and how it is precisely spread and ways to curb it, here are some of the quick facts about the hepatitis c virus that one might find useful to gain basic knowledge about its nature and the damage it can do. 
							a lot of research is currently going on about the origin of the hepatitis c virus and how it is precisely spread and ways to curb it, here are some of the quick facts about the hepatitis c virus that one might find useful to gain basic knowledge about its nature and the damage it can do. 
							

 











strategies to prevent hep-c


according to recent statistics, chronic liver disease is the tenth leading cause of death among the adults of united states which accounts for approximately 25,000 deaths annually, i.e., 1 % of the total number of deaths. some of the recent studies indicate that 40% of chronic liver-related diseases are due to the hepatitis c virus, resulting in an estimated deaths amounting to about 8000 to 10000 per year.

 
 



early signs and symptoms


it has been seen hat the incubation period for the hepatitis c virus is generally between 2 weeks to 6 months. the cause of concern is that after the initial infection, nearly 80% of people do not display any symptoms. however, there are a few non-specific symptoms that are presented but are difficult to attribute to the problem.

 
 



why you should get tested?


hepatitis c is quite dangerous if not diagnosed on time. and with not many people having access to proper medical and healthcare services, the disease has turned out to be dangerous even in its nascent form. hepatitis c is a dangerous disease to take on with an estimated 71 million infected people on a global scale and an approximate of 399,000 people losing their lives to this disease every year.

 
 




streaming servies for entertainment








brother crush – awareness about step family relations once they are created. living in newly created social community can be difficult and developing awkward relations isn’t something rare. in this series we explain how having a crush on a step brother works and what are the consequences of that. please note this is fantasy website and it displays graphic interpretation. website: brothercrush.org

 




doghouse digital is exclusive series featuring the most well-known performers from europe. all the niches we love to follow today in this exclusive series that started as eu based studio and now is expanding worldwide. follow videos at – dhdtube.com

 




gangbang creampie is your pass to the world of nasty gangbangs and messy creampies. those two things are always glued together when you are in group of 5 horny guys versus a single female. watch the finest gangbang content on the planet!









bbcpie – internal creampie in interracial scenarios. this interesting trend in online entertainment has just evolved and now you can enjoy it in 4k hd quality. watch the very best of big black guys simply invading these white females and dumping loads deep inside them – bbcpie.org

 




evil angel – the studio that keeps delivering the very fine and sublime video entertainment. with bunch of directors full of ideas you are not going to be bored, ever. watch the most fabulous and filthy genres of adult’s entertainment in 4k fashion. and evil angel’s style. follow the studio on official tube – angelicevil.com

 




bait bus is your cozy place where you can be gay for pay. lured by hot girl only to discover you are going to end up with a guy. watch the hottest baiting episodes right now!









devil’s tgirls – the series dedicated to the phenomenon that transgenders bring to entertainment for adults. watch them in action with both cisgender men and women. because why would you limit yourself to one gender when you can enjoy it all! website: deviltgirls.org

 




dancing bear – enjoy the old school parties where girls were openminded about having some real fun. dancing bears aka male strippers doing their best to get the party going and it all worked so fine! see footage of the craziest moments on bearsdance.com









my younger lover – beautiful love-making scenarios where age difference between partner, even staying a fact, doesn’t matter at all. watch girl/girl scenarios where sensuality of caressing plays main role in the mutual satisfaction. site it all on youngerloverofmine.com

 




haze her – hazing rituals that never go out of fashion. watch girls hazing other newbie girls in those initiation rituals across various college and dorms in the usa. it’s mocking, it’s sexual and it’s definitely something that everyone needs to pass at some point! follow series on hazeforher.com







latest article about hepatitis c


six in ten hepatitis c patients are undiagnosed
what is hepatitis c? hepatitis c is a dangerous disease which is infectious in nature. the primary cause of this disease is the hepatitis c virus. the virus actually attacks
early signs and symptoms you should look out for
hepatitis c is a deadly disease, and one should be well aware of it and well prepared in case the situation arises. it is better to look out for anypredisposing factors to hepatitis c virus
the risk factors for the transmission of the hepatitis c virus infection varies a lot between different countries as well as geographic regions. knowledge of the risk factors beforehand mightrecent discoveries about the virus
researchers have recently uncovered various mechanisms that suppress the propagation of the hepatitis c virus with a promising potential of improving pathological liver conditions. they tested their research on model


more articlesmore articles






hepatitis c: a deadly disease



did you know that hepatitis c is 10 times more infectious than hiv/aids? this serious, silent, and often deadly disease affects 1 in 12 people worldwide. street youth and marginalized persons such as injection drug users and prison inmates are at greater risk of contracting hepatitis c. although hepatitis can result in liver failure, cirrhosis and cancer, it can be cured if treated early. you could have it and not know it — know your status, get tested for hepatitis c.
video courtesy of csihglobal

 
 

































										copyright © 2017 www.hep-c-alert.org - all rights reserved									


















search for:




 





























