





	the celtic connection | 
	irish culture history vancouver









































the celtic connection


				irish culture history vancouver			







home
about

gatineau valley


past issue highlights
contact us
 








					  new beginnings          


introductions
looking back
snippets
past issue highlights
a memorial
sponsors


farewell introductions



welcome dear friends to our new website
it was almost 30 years ago when maura de freitas (mccay) and her
mother catholine butler launched the first edition of the celtic connection and it’s been an interesting journey.

despite all the ups and downs it has been one of the most exciting and rewarding adventures of our lives. you can read our stories here.
read more








new beginnings
the years of transformation with the celtic connection
by maura de freitas







a new beginning: coming full circle
our miraculous journey shared with wonderful friends
by catholine butler






a message from some friends…







a message from jim kelly the irish ambassador to canada

from jim kelly







a letter from the consul general of ireland

view







a letter from the honorary consul ireland southern alberta & saskatchewan

from deirdre halferty






back to top
looking back
we are inspired by the words of irish writer john o’donohue who wrote: “anam is the irish word for ‘soul’ and ċara is the word for ‘friend’. in the anam-ċara friendship, you were joined in an ancient way with the friend of your soul. this was a bond that neither space nor time could damage. the friendship awakened an eternal echo in the hearts of the friends; they entered into a circle of intimate belonging with each other.






thank you for letting me  be part of your ‘excellent adventure’

by colleen carpenter







to maura and catholine: ‘i remember those exciting early days’

by marie bruce







one more time, from the beginning and a reminder: ‘the celtic day begins at twilight’

by cynthia wallentine







a tribute to the celtic connection newspaper

by sharon greer brown







thank you and au revoir from edinburgh

by harry mcgrath







‘the celtic connection became my lifeline in vancouver’

by mary monks hatch







a big thank you message  from lockdown britain

by elfan jones







a tribute to ‘the celtic connection’

by pat chessell







irish women’s network of bc: what would we have done without you?!

by eilis courtney







irish heritage club, seattle: the loss of the celtic connection will be deeply felt in seattle

by john keane







issc: reflections on 46 years of history for the vancouver issc

by john o’flynn







remembering the founders of the irish cultural society of calgary

by martin cowman







outreach to the welsh community through ‘the celtic connection’

by eifion williams







best wishes from the okanagan irish society

by pearse walsh







the irish club of white rock:  “think where man’s glory most begins and ends, and say my…

by colleen o’keefe







canmore highland games: ‘you have been an integral link to those within our circle’

by sandy bunch & sally garen







who will take up the torch?

by david o’sullivan







delivering the celtic connection in the fraser valley

by joanne long







‘the celtic connection was a lifeline for so many’

by kevin and stephanie boggan






back to top
a selection of snippets and comments  from our friends and supporters
 

   quote 10 
another sad sign of our times! thank you for all the effort you have made and the joy you have brought us over the years! cheers for the future.
– donna john pye

      quote 9 
this is sad! loved reading the monthly paper to catch up on the local news. thanks to the celtic connection team for everything you did for the irish in western canada (and seattle)!
– paul mcginley

      quote 8 
thank you for your contribution to celtic culture in canada from the rock newfoundland. i read the paper regularly when i was in edmonton and drank my beer at the irish sports and social society in edmonton. some type of form would be good. god bless yah!
– chris gosse

      quote 7 
i met catholine many years ago when i worked at o’shea’s market ireland. have enjoyed following her successful paper. sorry to see it go and hoping a post-covid-19 op will open up for this dynamic mom daughter duo.
– janice, south edmonds

      quote 6 
thank you for all that you have done over the years. i was very honoured to have been featured in your newspaper back in 2011 when i represented edmonton/western canada in the rose of tralee festival. i have always enjoyed reading your articles and will miss them greatly.
– tara maria stannard

      quote 5 
as just a regular joe reader, thanks to everyone who has managed, produced and contributed to the paper over the nearly last 30 years. a job well done, you can bow out with pride and congratulations.
– tim savage

      quote 4 
will miss the paper and all the wonderful articles. thank you for everything.
– paula burke keigher

      quote 3 
heartbreaking news! and a heartfelt thank you for all that you and catholine and everyone else has contributed to our collective communities throughout the years! your newspaper will be missed. i am hopeful your fb page will stay active to keep us apprised of your future adventures.
– jan ingram 

      quote 2 
the celtic connection was a phenomenon. catholine butler is a wonderful woman: energetic, engaging and a pleasure to know. sorry this has to happen but kudos for all the hard work and all the pleasure you provided. from winnipeg…beir bua!
– maureen taggart

      quote 1 
will be very sad to no longer be able to read this wonderful newspaper. many thanks to everyone involved for all the wonderful years you have given us. it was a lot of hard work on your parts, but it was genuinely appreciated. will look forward to the goodbye edition in september. enjoy your well deserved rest
– deirdre o’sullivan

    





back to top
past issue highlight
the following is a selection of highlights of our issues from 1991-2020. these issues are filled with interviews and news of celtic groups and organizations across north america. it is our hope they will continue to be reviewed and serve as an historical archive for generations to come.




featured issue: #1
front cover of our first issue dated october 1991 was the start of our celtic wave spanning almost three decades. our goal was to reach out and bring together celtic communities across western canada and the u.s. pacific northwest. the issue was filled with mythology, sports, personal stories, and a calendar of upcoming events. as with every journey, it begins with the first step....this was ours!
view





featured issue: #23
the work of irish/canadian artist deirdre keohane featured on numerous front covers over the years. her work was often accompanied by wonderful mythological tales written by cynthia wallentine, another long term contributor. this october 2014 front cover is a reflection on the wheel of life – from birth to death and all the magic in between.
view



highlights 1991-2000




















































highlights 2001-2010




















































highlights 2011-2020





















































a more complete archive of the years 1991 to 2016 are available online at the simon fraser university library. each year can be searched to locate individual issues. we would like to extend a special thank you to willeen keough phd, professor, history, simon fraser university for her work in facilitating this archive.
read all past issues




back to top
a memorial to our friends
to everything there is a season....a time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance.
over the past three decades we have been blessed to know so many wonderful and talented people – friends – and in that time we have said farewell to far too many. so much laughter shared, so many songs and dances enjoyed together over the years.
it’s still hard to believe some of them are no longer with us, but they will never be forgotten by those of us who have known and loved them. we have listed below the names of some of those who have now gone before us to their eternal rest:

a
abbott, dave
aiken, robert
allan, sgt. maj. john (irish heritage club, seattle)
b
barrett, tom dr.
barron, allan
bennett, eamon bennett (okanagan irish club)
boggan, clare
boland, rev. brendan
boyce, lena
boylan, angela o’neill (edmonton / belfast)
boyle, pat (irish heritage club, seattle)
brady, seamus
bray, danny (irish heritage club, seattle)
browne, dave
bruce, george
buckley, sean buckley (okanagan irish club)
burns, bridget (bridie)
burns, danny
butler, ed
butler, tom
byrne, annie (stage eireann)
byrne, sean (stage eireann)
byrne, tom (stage eireann)
c
cameron, vern (irish club of white rock)
carbin, jim
carver, graham
charles, mary (irish heritage club, seattle)
cleary, ira
clyde, bill
connelly, paddy
considine, donny (irish sporting and social club vancouver)
cooke, lee ((irish sporting and social club vancouver)
corrigan, mairead (irish heritage club, seattle)
cox, jim (liffey players calgary)
crothers, billy (irish heritage club, seattle)
cuddy, father joe
curran, mike (okanagan irish club)
cussen, myrna
cussen, noel (irish club of white rock)
d
daly, francis (fran)
daly, mary
dennison, wally (okanagan irish club)
duncan, bill
duggan, johnny (irish heritage club, seattle)
duncombe, ita (okanagan irish club)
dunne, frank (irish sporting and social club vancouver)
dunne, james (sons of eireann, issc)
e
ertel, frances (irish club of white rock)
f
fahey, jim (okanagan irish club)
kane, christy (irish cultural society of calgary)
kane, mary (irish cultural society of calgary)
kane, paddy
ferguson, jimmy (the irish rovers)
fitzgerald, philomena
flanagan, paul (irish cultural society of calgary)
flynn, christine
foellmer, thelma (irish fancy)
foody, jay
forbes, bill (stage eireann)
ford, robert (the stoaters)
g
gallagher, brendan (irish heritage club, seattle)
gavin, david (irish sporting and social club vancouver)
geary, colin (irish heritage club, seattle)
gibbons, agnes
gibbons, dan (irish club of white rock)
gibbons, liam
gibbons, tom (irish sporting and social club vancouver)
glass, pam & cecil (stage eireann)
griffin, ed
h
harkin, eddie (irish heritage club, seattle)
harrington, john (irish club of white rock)
harrison, betty
harvey, jack (irish heritage club, seattle)
hatch, paddy
hayes, michael (irish club of white rock)
hennessy, sue (stage eireann)
hickey, pat (irish cultural society of calgary)
horan, frank (okanagan irish club)
hughes, dan & myra
hughes, tom
hyland, jj (irish sporting and social club vancouver)
hyland, mary (irish sporting and social club vancouver)
j
jacobsen, kitty (irish heritage club, seattle)
jervis, norman (okanagan irish club)
k
kane, christy (irish cultural society of calgary)
kane, mary (irish cultural society of calgary)
kane, paddy
kavanagh, don
kavanagh, frank
kelly, andrew
kelly, jerry (irish club of white rock)
kelly, william (bill) (william kelly & sons)
kempson mcalerney, lily (irish heritage club, seattle)
kendellan, margaret (peggy)
keohane, james
keohane, maura
kiernan, ian (irish sporting and social club vancouver)
kilgren, eileen (irish heritage club, seattle)
king, george (okanagan irish club)
l
lane, fr. bill (irish heritage club, seattle)
langstaff, lydia
lapoma, ann (irish heritage club, seattle)
lavell, eamon (irish club of white rock)
lynch, mick (aka brian boru)
m
macinnis, dennis (okanagan irish club)
maciver, murdo (gaelic society of vancouver)
mackin, jack
madden, micky
manser, ina (irish club of white rock)
marshall, art
mccaffrey, johnny & janet
mcconville, babs (stage eireann)
mccullagh, john (irish cultural society of calgary)
mcdonnell, barney (irish club of white rock)
mcfadden, kevin (irish club of white rock)
mcfarland, mazie (irish heritage club, seattle)
mcginley, frank
mcglynn, colm (irish heritage club, seattle)
mcgoldrick, rev. des
mcgregor, suzanne (irish club of white rock)
mcilvenna, hugh (irish club of white rock)
mcilvenna, maeve (irish club of white rock)
mckenna, malachy
mckenna, peggy
mcmahon, james (seamus)
mcnulty, derm (irish club of white rock)
mcnulty, mary (irish club of white rock)
meegan, mary ann (meegan insurance)
millikin, cameron (honorary irish consul general alberta)
mohan, rev. oliver patrick mohan
monaghan, matt (irish sports and social society edmonton)
monaghan, maureen (irish sports and social society edmonton)
moore, des (okanagan irish club)
moore, nora
mulvihill, msgr. charlie (okanagan irish club)
murphy, jackie (wee jackie)
murray, hugh (irish heritage club, seattle)
n
nottage, jere (irish heritage club, seattle)
o
o’brien, denis (irish cultural society of calgary)
o’duffy-brennan, betty
o’duffy-brennan, tony
o’farrell, sr. meg (irish heritage club, seattle)
o’flynn, betty
o’flynn, tom (issc & st. vincent de paul)
o’gallagher, marianna
o’loughlin, eamonn (toronto irish news)
o’malley, mike (irish heritage club, seattle)
o’sullivan, michael (irish heritage club, seattle)
p
park, angie
paul, mike (scottish cultural society of b.c.)
phillips, tom
proulx sr., dan & kathy (okanagan irish club)
pye, john (irish club of white rock)
q
quinlan, tom (irish heritage club of seattle)
quinn, wayne (irish heritage club, seattle)
quirke, moira (edmonton irish sports and social society)
r
reid, patrick
rochfort, jim, (irish club of white rock)
rogers, margaret
rowland, finian (irish heritage club, seattle)
ryan, mike (irish heritage club, seattle)
s
sampson, tom (irish heritage club, seattle)
scanlon, tom (st. vincent de paul)
shaver, theresa (okanagan irish club)
shriane, frank (irish heritage club, seattle)
stabler, veronica (stage eireann)
stack, pydge (co. clare)
t
talbot, frank (liffey players calgary)
taylor, jim & eileen (okanagan irish club)
thomas, neville (vancouver welsh society)
tinnelly, daniel
tormey, meagan (irish heritage club, seattle)
torrie, bill (irish cultural society of calgary)
toye, barney (irish cultural society of calgary)
tutt, dave (okanagan irish club)
w
wallace, jack
ward, margaret
warren, pat (stage eireann)
warren, vincent
watters, mae




back to top
community network
the following is a listing of clubs and cultural organizations along with other community resources across canada and the usa.


canada
canada gaa
celtic studies - university of toronto
ireland canada chamber of commerce canada
irish canadian immigration centre
irish consulate - vancouver
irish embassy - ottawa
irish studies - st. mary’s university halifax
school of irish studies - concordia university montreal
sfu centre for scottish studies vancouver
alberta
brady academy of irish dance
calgary chieftains
canmore highland games
edmonton irish sports & social society
irish cultural society of calgary
ireland-canada centre for commerce, calgary
liffey players drama society - calgary
mcelhatton school of irish dancing


british columbia
bc highland dance association
bc highland games
bc piper’s association
blakey school of irish dance - okanagan
castilla school of irish dance
celtic festival vancouver
de danaan school of irish dance
fraser valley gaels gaa club
irish in bc
irish women’s network of bc
ireland canada chamber of commerce vancouver
ireland canada monument project
kelowna vernon celtic society
o’brien school of irish dancing - victoria
o’connor school of irish dance
penke o’donnell irish dance
rc kells academy of irish dance
rogue folk club
royal scottish country dance society
scottish cultural centre


sfu pipe band
sionnaine irish dance academy
st. brigid’s day festival vancouver
steel school of irish dance
stewart school of irish dance
storytelling for the modern world 
vancouver gaelic society
vancouver irish sporting and social club
vancouver welsh society
victoria school of irish dance
watt school of irish dance
united states
irish consulate san francisco
irish embassy washington
seattle
irish heritage club seattle
irish network seattle
seattle gaels - gaa



sponsors & partners
 
we welcome financial support from both corporate and individual sponsors to help maintain this website. we would love to see your logo here. for more information, e-mail catholine butler at: cbutler@telus.net or call (604) 434-3747.
 




procoat coatings ltd.calgary, alberta
 
 
 
 
 
 


pw trenchless construction inc.surrey, bc













contact us:
			phone: 604-434-3747
			fax: 604-434-3749


#452 - 4111 hastings street
			burnaby, bc  v5c 6t7
			canada



contact us


follow us on facebook!







home
about

gatineau valley


past issue highlights
contact us
 









