




 


civic association of hollin hills - home
















log in





civic association of hollin hills



join
events
donate 

 
the hollin hills historic districtmodern then. modern now. modern forever.






home




design review



the hollin hills covenants




design review guidelines




roof profiles




hollin hills hod design guidelines




drc applicant checklist




drc applicant questionnaire




neighbor notification letter







parks+rec



parkland, entrances and trails



mccalley park / demo garden




wildlife sanctuary




voigt memorial park




paul spring park




goodman park and trail




brickelmaier park and trail




sutton potter park







pickleball and tennis club




hollin hills pool




hollin hills bocce







news & events



events




hollin hills bulletin (newsletter)




hollin hills in the news







join



why join cahh?




join us







get involved



cahh committees



parks committee




membership committee/greeters




house + garden tour




75th anniversary committee







interest groups







community guide



emergency phone numbers




useful phone numbers & links




hollin hills: community of vision







about cahh



our mission




2024 accomplishments




cahh board




governance documents



bylaws




articles of incorporation




parks policy







contact







store








welcome to the civic association of hollin hills!














































































recent news



fall / oktoberfest '24 was fun for all

16 oct 2024 12:31 pm


anonymous member



discover the quirky past of suburbia: hollin hills and its unique charm

15 oct 2024 8:59 am


david harrity



memorial for milly stanges to be held sept. 4

24 aug 2024 1:19 pm


anonymous member





happy holidays to all our neighbors!
with the winter season here, we're excited to see our community transform into a winter wonderland. the beauty of hollin hills, covered in a blanket of snow or even a light dusting, is a sight to behold.
thank you for joining us for our annual sing-a-long! it was so special to be together with many of you and the superabundance of cheer was heartwarming! 
we had a record number of houses and mailboxes in the holiday lighting contest and there is still time to check out all the incredible efforts of our neighbors. 
as for the holiday lighting contest, we have our results in. truly though, we are all winning for living in this special community. on behalf of the cahh, we are so thankful for all of you! now without further ado, let's get to those results...

lights, lights baby: the lit-up house with the most votes!
2202 whiteoaks
 
best tree: best indoor or outdoor tree!
7304 rippon
 
blast from the past house: the most mid-century inspired decorations!
2224 glasgow
 
blast from the past mailbox: the most mid-century inspired mailbox!
7304 rippon
 
best dressed holiday mailbox: the mailbox having the most fun in a winter wonderland!
tie! 
22202 whiteoaks
2224 glasgow
share the magic! ❄️
we invite all residents to capture the essence of this special time and share your photos with us. whether it's a serene snowy landscape, seasonal wildlife, or your favorite holiday decorations, we want to see it all! your photos will be featured in our upcoming newsletters and on our website, celebrating the vibrant spirit of hollin hills.
let's come together to share our stories and experiences, making this season memorable for everyone. send your photos to administrator@hollinhills.org and be a part of our community showcase.

upcoming events (residents login for more)


no upcoming events


 
 
 



 
civic association of hollin hills (cahh)cahh is a 501(c)7 virginia non-profit organization 1600 paul spring road, alexandria, va 22307copyright 2024 ©  all rights reserved
 













sitemap| privacy policy | terms of use
 









powered by wild apricot membership software













