




j & p marine yamaha outboard engines and smokercraft boats






















home






yamaha outboards






smokercraft boats



sunchaser pontoons
           





preowned



services/contact



email






              hours
              m-f 9:00-5:30
              
              saturday
            8-12:00sunday closed









home / yamaha outboards / sunchaser pontoons/smokercraft boats / preowned boats & motors /  services & map




2023 stock is arriving including several models of smokercraft boats and  pontoon boats by sunchaser







whether you are shopping for an
              aluminum fishing boat, a sleek fiberglass runabout or a spacious pontoon
              boat, you may rest assured that from the time of the initial concept to the
              day that you receive your boat great care is taken to insure total quality.
              the sale, however, is only the beginning of a relationship that will last for
              many years. we feel that you deserve the best that we have to offer, not only
              in the quality and reliability of our boats, but in the service that we
              provide after the sale. we are committed to ensuring that your time is spent
              on the water and not in the shop.


see why we sell smokercraft boats- 

the best boat brands
smokercraft fishing boats


 
 







yamaha is the only outboard manufacturer in history to receive 10 consecutive marine customer satisfaction index (csi) awards.
yamaha has a rich history of innovations—and the trophy case to prove it. but it’s not about awards—or even staying ahead of the competition. rather, we continue to push outboard technology further to create a better boating experience for our customers. our innovations lower ownership and operational costs. they increase reliability, fuel efficiency and ease of boating. ultimately, they give boaters more uninterrupted hours on the water. for us, that’s what it’s always been about. we just happen to have received a bit of recognition along the way



visit the genuine yamaha parts and accessories catalogue



in-house financing has never been this easy.  
          drop by or call us for details  

   most marine 
          websites ask you to "call for price" on their in stock items, we don't. we offer 
          very reasonable pricing and we list our prices so you can see for yourself.  
          in addition to our everyday low prices we are offering extra incentives to save 
          you money.





 
              










did you know?
j&p marine is merccruiser certified and also services and repairs other 
                makes and model engines.



showdown!! see the difference
smokercraft vs lund
smokercraft vs tracker
read 
                up on model comparisons and see why you should buy smokercraft.



 yamaha game 
              changer.
                 see what all the buzz is about. 

















home / yamaha outboards /  smokercraft boats / preowned boats & motors / services & map
j&p marine service
112 black diamond road (just north of 401, 1st right off of  hwy #37)
            p.o. box 622 belleville 
            ontario k8n 5b3            
            tel: (613) 962-8422   fax: (613) 962-0956   e-mail: j-p.marineservice@bellnet.ca
   







