

speed training for football, baseball, soccer, lacrosse








 





 

 

to 
              excel in sports, you need speed 
 



speed 
              techniquecamp teaches 
              you how  
at your 
              location - or - silvercreek sportsplex san jose, ca


***check 
              for openings, email 
              us at speed_info@40speed.com



getting 
              ready for the college or pro combines or baseball showcase?
you're at the right place!
              you'll learn combine 
              and showcase testing secrets of the elite coaches, and 
              strategic 
              acceleration techniques to help 
              you run your fastest 40 ever for performance testing and speed techniques 
              to play faster within just two technique training sessions. 




new england 
                    patriots receiver and returner julian edelman breaking nfl 
                    records. mvp super bowl  



 



                    congratulations to super bowl champion, seattle seahawks, 
                    ricardo lockette for making big plays during two super bowls. 
                    ricardo ran the fastest 40 for nfl receivers during nfl indy 
                    combines.  










speed 
                        in college football dominates 
                        commentary during the post season. why? speed wins. and 
                        you have to have it to play the game!

the 
                        best news ....
                        ... speed is a skill set and can be improved!
important note: speed is not just 
                        genetics, as once thought. it has been scientifically 
                        proven numerous times that everyone can learn how to increase 
                        their running and cutting speed, and postion the body 
                        mechanically to improve quickness and agility. many superstar 
                        athletes use speed coaches to get ahead and stay ahead 
                        of the competition.







 


state 
                              champion - oklahoma 
                              casey 
                              smalley wins in 200 
                              meters  (21.75) 
                              

"please tell phil 
                              that i 
                              ran 
                              a 4.45  40 at the nike combine in oxford, 
                              ms, that was the fastest defensive back time there 
                              and 4th fastest overall, and my vertical was a 32.9. 
                              i was pretty pumped after the 40. 
                              thanks again for all you taught me. 
                              your speed techniques work!" 
                              
                              - casey smalley (signed as a db) 








marlon 
                              mccree, safety denver 
                              broncos 
                              strength training at 24 hour fitness after 
                              speed-technique training on the track 



 



marlon 

                              mccree using speed to make big plays in post season 
                              for the  chargers 




"one 
                          key principle of speed technique training is you 
                          can't train the body to move faster by training slow. 
                           it's simple; muscles adapt. long, slow running 
                          trains the body to run slow and this practices very 
                          poor speed technique over--and-over. one more time, 
                          slow running teaches your body 
                          to be slow! our 
                          technique training methods use overspeed training with 
                          perfect technique to re-program the brain, nervous system, 
                          and the body to move faster than ever before. athletes 
                          and parents attending the two-session one-on-one training, 
                          or small group training at their location will learn 
                          perfect speed technique and how to train for speed, 
                          fast-fiber strength and flexibility when they return 
                          home."
                          - phil campbell, speed coach & team speed consultant, 
                          fitness book author and creator of the sprint 8 cardio 
                          program now featured in award-winning matrix fitness 
                          and vision fitness cardio equipment. he is a contributing 
                          author for 9 key elements of fitness published by peak 
                          performance, and author of ready, set, go! synergy fitness, 
                          now in the 2nd edition 9th printing.
***check 
                          for openings, email 
                          us at speed_info@40speed.com





lami 
                                    sama, world class sprinter from amsterdam, 
                                    holland, traveled 24 hours with his personal 
                                    trainer hank frans to learn the latest speed 
                                    techniques. lami and hank are speed coaches 
                                    and teach advanced speed training in holland. 
                                    
                                    do you want to go where the 
                                    experts go for the most advanced training 
                                    methods available?
gary 
                                    riekes brought speed coach phil campbell from 
                                    tennessee to the bay area to offer the best 
                                    possible technique training for bay area athletes 
                                    and athletes flying to the riekes center from 
                                    across the us.

                                    email us for open dates speed_info@40speed.com
 


 

  






all-american 
                                high school quarterback 
                                will hefley, little rock, arkansas, and younger 
                                brother, championship-winning quarterback, ren 
                                hefley  
 



football athlete, ray fonbuena, sacramento, and dad travel 
                                  for a father son weekend of speed technique 
                                  training 
 



how 
                        experts predict performance of college athletes?
 new research reveals 40 yard sprint and the 
                        5-10-5 pro-shuttle best predict actual performance. see 
                        study details here



speed 
                          camp on the road in texas
texas - top rated 4a high school coach phil danaher 
                          (84% wins making him one of the most successful high 
                          school coaches of all time) and sponsor todd whetsel 
                          prepare calallan hs in corpus christi (preseason ranked 
                          # 2) with advanced speed techniques.



illinois - top ranked o'fallon (illinois) 
                          panthers performing specific speed building drills 
                          plyos during an on-site seed camp. todd moeller, athletic 
                          director arranged for all athletes to receive preseason 
                          professional speed training. 


speed 
                          training open dates are limited. 
***check 
                          for openings, email 
                          us at speed_info@40speed.com
                          best value: groups of 3-5 or more athletes and teams 
                          can arrange special on-site speed training sessions 

oprah's o magazine 
                          calls phil campbell's cardio fitness program
                          the fastest 
                          working workout
   
                             








coach, 
                                will professional speed training
help your team?
what if -- your team was two steps faster ?
how 
                                would this impact your season?
our 
                                speed training for teams typically yields 
                                a team average improvement of::
                                football teams    -   two 
                                tenths in 20 faster  
                                soccer teams  -    two tenths 
                                in 20 faster
                                baseball teams -  four tenths faster in the 
                                showcase 60.
basketball 
                                teams -  two tenths faster in two sessions. 
                                softball teams - example -two years ago 20 stolen 
                                bases. one year ago 24 stolen bases. results of 
                                speed technique training; 108 stolen bases.  

the peak of the action is gained in 30-60 minutes
question; 
                          how important is the movement of the arms in speed training? 
                          
arm 
                          action in speed is critically important in covering 
                          ground fast, stopping and changing direction. arm action 
                          determines stride length and the goal of speed technique 
                          training is to get an athlete to the destination with 
                          sold body mechanics and taking the least amount of steps. 
                          increasing stride length by reaching for steps is counterproductive. 
                          if the arms are too close to the chest on the upswing 
                          and hands travel "pocket-to-chest," athletes 
                          will take short choppy strides and this is very slow. 
                          this is perfect for cutting and slowing down, but horrible 
                          for burst speed.
one 
                          of the most important questions i ask every athlete, 
                          even the pros i work with; "do you remember the 
                          day you first learned how to run?" continue 
                          click here









 


california 
                          - champions - woodside high school football team 
                          (left) learning arm mechanics for speed. before coach 
                          steve nicolopulos brought in phil campbell's two-session 
                          speed training, woodside had a 2 -7 record. the next 
                          season (after speed training), woodside achieved 
                          a 13 - 0 perfect season and plaques for coach of the 
                          year and northern california championship. 




 








 
 

speed technique book
now available!

                                how to coach speed technique!  
                                $24.95 
how to coach speed technique is an illustrated step-by-step guide shows how to coach speed technique for: linear speed lateral speed sports-specific speed position-specific speed


 











                          de anza force soccer club standout, sonia chan (with 
                          dad guy chan) does two session speed technique training 
                          to improve linear, lateral and position-specific speed.



phil 
                          campbell offers a special two
                          dvd video set espcially for
                          soccer athletes here 
 




brando stone, db, and dad shawn stone travel to san jose from toronto canada for a father son weekend and two days of speed technique training. 
 

leland high school football wr / rb, kenny potera breaks records on the pat tillman memorial field (including 6 tds one game) wraps up college career and prepares for the combines with two days of speed technique training specifically for receivers. 

 




"you 
                      came to our workout saturday," writes coach rich 
                      drafter, albuquerque, nm -- "my kids are thrilled 
                      with the speed dvd. they are enthusiastically following 
                      your flexibility stretching routine. saturday, i brought 
                      my laptop to the track and set it up on a folding table 
                      on the edge of the track for the kids to watch you stretch, 
                      so it was as if you were there. next week we start the drills 
                      and that will be another chapter to add to the team's story." 
                      - rich drafter www.howtobefit.com









congratulations to san francisco 49ers qb jack heneghan (speed technique student) for coming into his first nfl game and taking his team down for a td in 3 plays.on the next series, with maturity and poise, jack skillfully brought the team 90 yards in 16 plays for another td. 

 
 


 
                          lacrosse athlete ari krane works on speed technique 
                          for position-specific movements  




need 
                  speed? 
                  recently, a d-1 university football team used coach campbell's 
                  program
                  for five weeks and 66 of their 88 athletes experienced a significant 
                  improvement in their 40 time of 1.5 to 2.5 tenths. college 
                  baseball teams working with coach campbell have drop their average 
                  60 showcase time 4 tenths in only two sessions of speed technique 
                  training.
 40 
                    speedapplies 
                    speed development research 
see details about our training here

coach 
                    campbell has only worked with two men's college soccer teams. 
                    both won their national championships after he taught 
                    the team speed technique and fast-fiber training methods for 
                    soccer athletes in only a few short weeks of training.
need 
                    results? you are at the right place. 





                        stanford superstar linebacker shayne skov using speed 
                        technique training to make game-changing tackles in the 
                        nfl with 49ers 
  


                        speed 
                        technique coach, phil campbell
                        and shayne skov after speed 
                        technique training 




"i 
                  come across many books as host of a fitness radio show. phil 
                  campbell's book is one of the most informative, 
                  well researched, and beneficial books i've read in some time. everything is backed by a proven study, and the research is 
                  quite impressive." - rory karpf, 
                  producer 
                  nfl films



 
 
 
 
 


 
 





money 
                      back guarantee! it's simple, if you don't improve speed 
                      for your sport & you aren't 100% satisfied, payment 
                      will be refunded."gift certificates available & credit 
                      cards accepted
 
individual 
                      & small group training rates
rates for phil campbell's combines 
                      prep, baseball showcase, or his individual speed 
                      technique training at the are: one athlete $500. three 
                      to five athletes = $400 each in the san jose area or your bay area location. team discounts. your 
                      team, or small group of athletes can sponsor coach campbell 
                      to come to your location anywhere in the us.
                      . parents are always welcomed and encouraged to attend 
                      sessions.
money 
                      back guarantee. you have nothing to lose except a few tenths 
                      on the stop watch.


***check 
                  for openings, email 
              us at speed_info@40speed.com or call 408 363-4040 



 






 



ricardo lockette making 
          big catches for the seattle seahawks in the super bowl


congratulations to 
          new england patriots julian edelman #11 for making big plays in the 
          super bowl








how to coach speed technique!

speed 
                book 

$24.95 
                order here
 
                how to coach speed technique is an illustrated step-by-step guide shows how to coach speed technique for: linear speed lateral speed sports-specific speed position-specific speed
speed technique training teaches coaches how to teach athletes how to position the body to force the recruitment of all three muscle-fiber types to propel linear, lateral and sports-specific, functional, sprint-running movements.
readers will discover how to program the brain to move faster with the science of neuroplasticity, acceleration burst technique, overspeed training, e-lift technique, speed abs, ten-minute stretching routine. this book is also for runners needing more atp energy-producing mitochondria, the source of endurance.




 




 




individual 
                  & small group training rates
rates 
                  for phil campbell's two-session (two hours each) speed technique 
                  training are:
one athlete $500.
                  two athletes $450 each
                  three or more athletes
                  $400 each at riekes center, menlo park, ca or your bay area 
                  location.
                  fly phil campbell to your location anywhere in the us for small 
                  groups or teams $2,500
email 
                  us for open dates speed_info@40speed.com

to 
                  book phil campbell for your location or book him at the riekes 
                  center in menlo park, ca call 408 363-4040
money 
                  back guarantee! it's simple, if you don't improve speed 
                  for your sport & you aren't 100% satisfied, payment will 
                  be refunded.  



 




run 
                your fastest40 ever!

speed 
                video 

$29.95 
                order here
  * 
                click here to see 
                film highlights trailer 
                on windows media player - ** cable speed download -
                film size reduced
* 
                mpg trailer here






secure_shopping.shtml
                      merchant 
                      services  



 




attention football receivers
          phil campbell highly recommends raymond berry's receiving fundamentals
click 
          here for info

          learn more about 
          phil campbell's sprint 8 cardio protocol click 
          here





about 
                the author
                phil campbell
 here 
                on you tube 









                  rashad rayner, mvp
                  db / receiver / 
                  kick return specialist
                  jackson christian school
state champions



"the 
                  individual speed & strength training really helped me prepare 
                  for football and track. i set goals early during the winter 
                  to increase my speed, strength, endurance & flexibility. 
                  coach campbell, your speed training sessions gave me the techniques 
                  and the understanding of how to use them to accomplish my goals. 
                  i'm truly thankful." 
                  - rashad rayner, 
                  update- starting db
 











sporting 
                      news 
                      reports
"everyone 
                      is driving in the fast lane in the nfl, where the dominant 
                      factor at every position - and in every matchup - is speed, 
                      speed and more speed." 
- 
                      matt crossman, "the zoom boom," sporting news,

                      "football 
                      has gotten faster in the last decade - and will continue 
                      to do so - is inarguable....
                      play in the nfl has reached amazing - yes, ludicrous - speeds, 
                      and it is changing the game, position by position."
 

 



        buffalo bills michael jasper
        pass rushing against 
        chicago bears      






                  phil campbell's
sprint 8 cardio protocol 
                  is the featured sprint-intensity program on 
                  award-winning ellipticals, upright & recumbent bikes and treadmills 
                    made by 
matrix 
                  fitness
 




high 
        school all-american,
        josh liles. signed with a top-rated sec university. 
        update: starting outfield. 

see 
        our privacy & secure shopping policy here

speed 
        campregistration 
        form download here


phil campbell's 
        384-page 
        fitness and strength 
        training book.
        click cover for info.

 



 
 
  



